Beginning in the middle fifties and emanating largely from M.I.T., an approach general objectives and in its specific conclusions about the structure of language to warrant a name, generative grammar, or more specifically, transformational generative grammar. discovered in the first attempts to formulate a theory of transformational generative grammar and in the descriptive analysis of particular languages that motivated these formulations.
At the same review these developments and to propose a reformulation of the theory of that takes them into account.
The emphasis in this study is syntax; semantic attract the interest of professional linguists, psychologists concerned with linguistics, philosophers, and English teachers.
The idea that a language is based on a system of rules determining the interpretation of its infinitely many sentences is by no means novel.
Well over a century ago, it was expressed with reasonable clarity by Wilhelm von Humboldt in his famous but 1836).
His view that a language makes infinite use of finite means and that its grammar must describe the processes that make this possible is, furthermore, an outgrowth of a persistent with this creative aspect of language use (for discussion, see Chomsky, 1964, forthcoming).
What is more, it seems that even Paninis grammar can be interpreted as a fragment of such a the last few years that fairly substantial attempts have been made to construct explicit generative grammars for particular languages and to explore their consequences.
No great surprise grammar and the correct description of the languages that have be obvious to anyone working in this area. (It is sufficient to consider the vast range of linguistic phenomena that have resisted insightful formulation in any terms.) Still, it seems that grammatical transformations in any empirically adequate generative grammar seems to me to be established quite firmly, though there remain many questions as to the proper form that have arisen in the course of work on transformational grammar, which is presupposed throughout as a general framework for the discussion.
What is at issue here is precisely how this theory should be formulated.
This study deals, then, with questions that are at the border of research in transformational grammar.
For some, definite answers will be proposed; but more often the discussion will merely raise issues and consider possible approaches to them without reaching any definite conclusion.
In Chapter 3, I shall sketch briefly what seems to me, in the light of this discussion, the most promising direction for the theory of generative grammar to take.
But I should like to reiterate that this can be only a highly tentative proposal.
The monograph is organized in the following way.
Chapter 1 but aims only to summarize and to clarify certain points that are essential and that in some instances have been repeatedly misunderstood.
Chapters 2 and 3 deal with a variety of defects The position discussed is that of Chomsky (1957), Lees (1960a), of a transformational grammar to consist of a phrase structure grammar as its base, and a system of transformations that map structures generated by the base into actual sentences.
This position is restated briefly at the beginning of Chapter 3.
Chapter 2 is concerned with the base of the syntactic component, and with difficulties that arise from the assumption that it is, strictly speaking, a phrase structure grammar.
Chapter 3 suggests a revision of the transformational component and its relation to base In Chapter 4, various residual problems are raised, and discussed I should like to acknowledge with gratitude the very helpful comments of many friends and colleagues who have taken the trouble to read earlier versions of this manuscript.
In particular, I am indebted to Morris Halle and Paul Postal, who have suggested many valuable improvements, as well as to Jerrold Katz, James McCawley, George Miller, and G.
H.
Matthews; and to many students whose reactions and ideas when this material has The writing of this book was completed while I was at Harvard Grant No.
MH 0512004 and 05 from the National Institutes of Health to Harvard University, and in part by a fellowship of the
§ 3.
AN ILLUSTRATIVE FRAGMENT OF THE BASE COM§ 4.
THIS study will touch on a variety of topics in syntactic theory and English syntax, a few in some detail, several quite the syntactic component of a generative grammar, that is, with the rules that specify the wellformed strings of minimal syntactically functioning units (formatives) and assign structural information of various kinds both to these strings and to strings proceed has been presented in many places, and some familiarity with the theoretical and descriptive studies listed in the bibliography is presupposed.
In this chapter, I shall survey briefly some here to justify them but only to sketch them clearly.
Linguistic theory is concerned primarily with an ideal speakerlistener, in a completely homogeneous speechcommunity, who knows its language perfectly and is unaffected by such grammatically irrelevant conditions as memory limitations, distractions, shifts of attention and interest, and errors (random or characteristic) in applying his knowledge of the language in actual performance.
This seems to me to have been the position of the founders of modern general linguistics, and no cogent reason for modifying it has been offered.
To study actual linguistic performance, we must consider the interaction of a variety of factors, only one.
In this respect, study of language is no different from (the actual use of language in concrete situations).
Only under the idealization set forth in the preceding paragraph is performance a direct reflection of competence.
In actual fact, it rules, changes of plan in midcourse, and so on.
The problem for the linguist, as well as for the child learning the language, is to determine from the data of performance the underlying system of rules that has been mastered by the speakerhearer and that he puts to use in actual performance.
Hence, in the technical sense, linguistic theory is mentalistic, since it is concerned with discovering a mental reality underlying actual behavior.1 Observed use of language or hypothesized dispositions to respond, habits, and so on, may provide evidence as to the nature of this matter of linguistics, if this is to be a serious discipline.
The distinction I am noting here is related to the langueparole distinction of Saussure; but it is necessary to reject his concept of langue as merely a systematic inventory of items and to return as a system of generative processes.
For discussion, see Chomsky A grammar of a language purports to be a description of the furthermore, perfectly explicit — in other words, if it does not rely on the intelligence of the understanding reader but rather provides an explicit analysis of his contribution — we may A fully adequate grammar must assign to each of an infinite sentence is understood by the ideal speakerhearer.
This is the are, traditional grammars are deficient in that they leave unexpressed many of the basic regularities of the language with which they are concerned.
This fact is particularly clear on the goes beyond classification of particular examples to the stage of analysis of the best existing grammars will quickly reveal that this is a defect of principle, not just a matter of empirical detail profitably begin with a study of the kind of structural information contain full and explicit lists of exceptions and irregularities, they not unaware of this fact.
For example, James Beattie (1788) Languages, therefore, resemble men in this respect, that, though each has peculiarities, whereby it is distinguished from every other, yet all Those things, that all languages have in common, or that are necessary to every language, are treated of in a science, which some have called grammar in the following way (1729; quoted in Sahlin, 1928, II y a dans la grammaire des observations qui conviennent a toutes les langues; ces observations forment ce quon appelle la grammaire generale: telles sont les remarques que Ton a faites sur les sons articules, sur les lettres qui sont les signes de ces sons; sur la nature des mots, et sur les differentes manieres dont ils doivent etre ou arranges ou termines pour faire un sens.
Outre ces observations generates, il y en a qui ne sont propres qua une langue particuliere; et cest ce qui forme les grammaires particulieres de chaque langue. understood that one of the qualities that all languages have in common is their creative aspect.
Thus an essential property of language is that it provides the means for expressing indefinitely range of new situations (for references, cf.
Chomsky, 1964, forthcoming).
The grammar of a particular language, then, is to be grammar itself.
Therefore it is quite proper for a grammar to discuss only exceptions and irregularities in any detail.
It is only of a language provides a full account of the speakerhearers necessity for supplementing a particular grammar of a language by a universal grammar if it is to achieve descriptive of universal grammar as misguided; and, as noted before, it has not attempted to deal with the creative aspect of language use.
It thus suggests no way to overcome the fundamental descriptive particular or universal, to attempt a precise statement of regular in the widely held belief that there is a natural order of thoughts that is mirrored by the order of words.
Hence, the rules of sentence formation do not really belong to grammar but to some other subject in which the order of thoughts is et al., 1660) it is asserted that, aside from figurative speech, the a lexpression naturelle de nos pensees.
Consequently, few grammatical rules need be formulated beyond the rules of ellipsis, inversion, and so on, which determine the figurative use of language.
The same view appears in many forms and variants.
To devoted largely to the question of how the simultaneous and sequential array of ideas is reflected in the order of words, Diderot concludes that French is unique among languages in the degree to which the order of words corresponds to the natural order of thoughts and ideas (Diderot, 1751).
Thus quel que soit 1ordre des termes dans une langue ancienne ou moderne, lesprit de (p. 390); Nous disons les choses en francais, comme lesprit est force de les considerer en quelque langue quon derive (p. 371).
With admirable consistency he goes on to conclude that notre langue pedestre a sur les autres lavantage de lutile sur lagr^able (p. 372); thus French is appropriate for the sciences, whereas Greek, Latin, Italian, and English sont plus avantageuses pour les lettres.
Moreover, le bons sens choisirait la langue francaise; mais... limagination et les passions donneront la preference aux langues anciennes et a celles de nos voisins... il faut parler francais dans la soci£t£ et dans les 6coles de philosophic; et grec, latin, anglais, dans les chaires et sur les theatres;... notre langue sera celle de la verity, si jamais elle revient sur la terre; et... la grecque, la latine et les autres seront les langues de la fable et du mensonge.
Le francais est fait pour instruire, eclairer et convaincre; le grec, le latin, litalien, langlais, pour persuader, emouvoir et tromper: parlez grec, latin, italien au peuple; mais parlez francais au In any event, insofar as the order of words is determined by factors independent of language, it is not necessary to describe it in a particular or universal grammar, and we therefore have syntactic processes from grammar.
It is worth noting that this naive view of language structure persists to modern times in various forms, for example, in Saussures image of a sequence of or in the common characterization of language use as merely a matter of use of words and phrases (for example, Ryle, 1953). grammars is a more technical one.
Although it was well understood that linguistic processes are in some sense creative, the were simply not available until much more recently.
In fact, a real understanding of how a language can (in Humboldts words) make infinite use of finite means has developed only within the last thirty years, in the course of studies in the foundations of mathematics.
Now that these insights are readily available it is possible to return to the problems that were raised, but not solved, in traditional linguistic theory, and to attempt an explicit in short, no longer a technical barrier to the fullscale study of Returning to the main theme, by a generative grammar I mean simply a system of rules that in some explicit and welldefined way assigns structural descriptions to sentences.
Obviously, every speaker of a language has mastered and internalized a generative grammar that expresses his knowledge of his language.
This is not to say that he is aware of the rules of the grammar or even that he can become aware of them, or that his statements for the most part, with mental processes that are far beyond the level of actual or even potential consciousness; furthermore, it is quite apparent that a speakers reports and viewpoints about his behavior and his competence may be in error.
Thus a generative not what he may report about his knowledge.
Similarly, a theory of visual perception would attempt to account for what a person actually sees and the mechanisms that determine this rather than his statements about what he sees and why, though these stateTo avoid what has been a continuing misunderstanding, it is perhaps worth while to reiterate that a generative grammar is not a model for a speaker or a hearer.
It attempts to characterize in the most neutral possible terms the knowledge of the language that provides the basis for actual use of language by a speakerhearer.
When we speak of a grammar as generating a sentence with a certain structural description, we mean simply that the When we say that a sentence has a certain derivation with respect to a particular generative grammar, we say nothing about how the speaker or hearer might proceed, in some practical or belong to the theory of language use — the theory of performance.
No doubt, a reasonable model of language use will this generative grammar does not, in itself, prescribe the character or functioning of a perceptual model or a model of speech suggest that a terminological change might be in order.
Nevertheless, I think that the term generative grammar is completely appropriate, and have therefore continued to use it.
The term generate is familiar in the sense intended here in logic, particularly in Posts theory of combinatorial systems.
Furthermore, generate seems to be the most appropriate translation for Humboldts term erzeugcn, which he frequently uses, it seems, in essentially the sense here intended.
Since this use of the term generate is well established both in logic and in the tradition of linguistic theory, I can see no reason for a revision of There seems to be little reason to question the traditional view as understanding of underlying competence permits.
Furthermore, recent work on performance seems to give new support to that have been achieved and the only clear suggestions that have been put forth concerning the theory of performance, outside of incorporate generative grammars of specific kinds — that is, from of memory and bounds on memory, and concerning the exploitation of grammatical devices to form deviant sentences of various types.
The latter question is one to which we shall return in Chapters 2 and 4.
To clarify further the distinction between briefly some of the suggestions and results that have appeared in the last few years in the study of performance models with limitations of memory, time, and access.
For the purposes of this discussion, let us use the term acceptable to refer to utterances that are perfectly natural and will be a matter of degree, along various dimensions.
One could go on to propose various operational tests to specify the notion purposes, it is unnecessary to delimit it more carefully.
To illustrate, the sentences of (1) are somewhat more acceptable, in the (1) (i) I called up the man who wrote the book that you told me (ii) quite a few of the students who you met who come from (iii) John, Bill, Tom, and several of their friends visited us (2) (i) I called the man who wrote the book that you told me (ii) the man who the boy who the students recognized pointed The more acceptable sentences are those that are more likely to be produced, more easily understood, less clumsy, and in some The notion acceptable is not to be confused with grammatical.
Acceptability is a concept that belongs to the study of competence.
The sentences of (2) are low on the scale of acceptability but high on the scale of grammaticalness, in the technical sense of this term.
That is, the generative rules of the language assign an interpretation to them in exactly the way in which they assign an interpretation to the somewhat more acceptable sentences of (1).
Like acceptability, grammaticalness is, no doubt, a matter of degree (cf.
Chomsky, 1955, 1957, 1961), but Grammaticalness is only one of many factors that interact to invented for the much more abstract and far more important notion of grammaticalness.
The unacceptable grammatical sentences often cannot be used, for reasons having to do, not with tendency to place logical subject and object early rather than late; cf. note 32, Chapter 2, and note 9, Chapter 3), and so on.
Note that it would be quite impossible to characterize the unacceptable sentences in grammatical terms.
For example, we cannot formulate particular rules of the grammar in such a way as to exclude them.
Nor, obviously, can we exclude them by limiting the number of reapplications of grammatical rules in the generation of a sentence, since unacceptability can just as well arise from application of distinct rules, each being applied only once.
In fact, it is clear that we can characterize unacceptable sentences only in terms of some global property of derivations and the structures they define — a property that is attributable, not to a particular rule, but rather to the way in which the rules interrelate in a derivation. profitably begin with an investigation of the acceptability of the constituents of various types, that is, the tree structure associated with them.
Among such structures we can distinguish various kinds — for example, those to which we give the following conventional technical names, for the purposes of this The phrases A and B form a nested construction if A falls totally within B, with some nonnull element to its left within B and some nonnull element to its right within B.
Thus the phrase the man who wrote the book that you told me about is nested in the phrase called the man who wrote the book that you told me about up, in (2i).
The phrase A is selfembedded in B if A is nested in B and, furthermore, A is a phrase of the same type as B.
Thus who the students recognized is selfembedded in who the boy who the students recognized pointed out, in (211), since both are relative clauses.
Thus nesting has to do with structure.
In (1 iii), the Subject Noun Phrase is multiplebranching, since John, Bill, Tom, and several of their friends construction has the form [[^][B]***[M]].
A leftbranching structure is of the form [[[••]•]]— f°r example, in English, such uncle] or [[[the man who you met] from Boston] who was on the Rightbranching structures are those with the opposite property— for example, the DirectObject of (li) or [this is [the cat The effect of these superficial aspects of sentence structure on performance has been a topic of study since almost the very inception of recent work on generative grammar, and there are some suggestive observations concerning their role in determining acceptability (that is, their role in limiting performance). (iv) nesting of a long and complex element reduces acceptability this is the cat that caught the rat that stole the cheese, places (that is, after cat and rat, instead of where the it is known (cf.
Chomsky, 1959a; and for discussion, Chomsky, 1961, and Miller and Chomsky, 1963) that an optimal perceptual memory capacity.
Thus case (4i) is simply a consequence of If (4ii) is correct,6 then we have evidence for a conclusion about organization of memory that goes beyond the triviality that it must be finite in size.
An optimal finite perceptual device of the type discussed in Chomsky (1959a) need have no more difficulty with selfembedding than with other kinds of nesting (see BarHillel, Kasher, and Shamir, 1963, for a discussion of this point). (assuming this to be a fact), we must add other conditions on the assume, for example, that the perceptual device has a stock of kind of phrase, and that it is organized in such a way that it is unable (or finds it difficult) to utilize a procedure <p while it is in the course of executing (p.
This is not a necessary feature of a perceptual model, but it is a rather plausible one, and it would account for (4ii).
See, in this connection, Miller and Isard (1964). is easily explained on the rather plausible assumption that the ratio of number of phrases to number of formatives (the nodetoterminal node ratio, in a treediagram of a sentence) is a rough measure of the amount of computation that has to be performed kind of construction for an analytic device — it would impose the least strain on memory.7 For discussion, see Miller and Chomsky
Case (4iv) suggests decay of memory, perhaps, but raises unsolved problems (see Chomsky, 1961, note 19). models mentioned earlier.
But it is unclear why leftand rightbranching structures should become unnatural after a certain of grammatical structure than those of (3) could lead to somewhat support of a suggestion (which is, to be sure, highly speculative) as to the somewhat more detailed organization of a perceptual device.
In general, it seems that the study of performance models furthermore, it is difficult to imagine any other basis on which There has been a fair amount of criticism of work in generative grammar on the grounds that it slights study of performance in seem to be that the only studies of performance, outside of phonetics (but see note 3), are those carried out as a byproduct of work in generative grammar.
In particular, the study of from rules, as a stylistic device, to which we return in Chapters 2 and 4, have developed in this way.
Furthermore, it seems that these lines of investigation can provide some insight into performance.
Consequently, this criticism is unwarranted, and, to extracting patterns from a corpus of observed speech, to may exist, etc., that precludes the development of a theory of Returning now to the question of competence and the generative grammars that purport to describe it, we stress again that knowledge of a language involves the implicit ability to understand indefinitely many sentences.9 Hence, a generative grammar must be a system of rules that can iterate to generate an indefinitely large number of structures.
This system of rules can be analyzed into the three major components of a generative Since I shall be concerned here only with the syntactic component, I shall use the term sentence to refer to strings of formatives rather than to strings of phones.
It will be recalled that a string of formatives specifies a string of phones uniquely (up phonetic form of a sentence generated by the syntactic rules.
That is, it relates a structure generated by the syntactic component to a phonetically represented signal.
The semantic component determines the semantic interpretation of a sentence.
That is, it relates a structure generated by the syntactic component to a certain semantic representation.
Both the phonological and semantic components are therefore purely interpretive.
Each utilizes information provided by the syntactic their interrelations in a given sentence.
Consequently, the syntactic component of a grammar must specify, for each sentence, The first of these is interpreted by the semantic component; the It might be supposed that surface structure and deep structure will always be identical.
In fact, one might briefly characterize (taxonomic) linguistics as based on the assumption that deep and surface structures are actually the same (cf.
Postal, ig64a, Chomsky, 1964).
The central idea of transformational grammar is that they are, in general, distinct and that the surface structure is determined by repeated application of certain formal operations elementary sort.
If this is true (as I assume, henceforth), then the for each sentence, and must interrelate them.
This idea has been clarified substantially in recent work, in ways that will be described later.
In Chapter 3, I shall present a specific and, in part, new proposal as to precisely how it should be formulated.
For the moment, it is sufficient to observe that although the string of formatives may be adequate as an account of surface structure, it is certainly not adequate as an account of deep structure.
My concern in this book is primarily with deep structure and, in particular, with the elementary objects of which The base of the syntactic component is a system of rules that generate a highly restricted (perhaps finite) set of basic strings, units of which deep structures are constituted.
I shall assume that no ambiguity is introduced by rules of the base.
This assumption seems to me correct, but has no important consequences for what follows here, though it simplifies exposition.
Underlying each sentence of the language there is a sequence of base Phrasemarkers, each generated by the base of the syntactic component.
I shall refer to this sequence as the basis In addition to its base, the syntactic component of a generative from its basis.
Some familiarity with the operation and effects of Since the base generates only a restricted set of base Phrasemarkers, most sentences will have a sequence of such objects as an underlying basis.
Among the sentences with a single base Phrasemarker as basis, we can delimit a proper subset called their generation.
The notion kernel sentence has, I think, an I shall say nothing more about them here.
One must be careful not to confuse kernel sentences with the basic strings that underlie them.
The basic strings and base Phrasemarkers do, it seems, no careful distinction will be made, in the case of a sentence with a single element in its basis, between the basic string underlying this sentence and the sentence itself.
In other words, at many points in the exposition I shall make the tacit simplifying (and the sentence, in this case, and that the base Phrasemarker is the surface structure as well as the deep structure.
I shall try to select examples in such a way as to minimize possible confusion, but the simplifying assumption should be borne in mind throughout. component of a generative grammar, it is important to give some There is, first of all, the question of how one is to obtain knowledge of the language.
Like most facts of interest and introspective reports (by the native speaker, or the linguist who has learned the language).
This is the position that is universally sions that seem to imply a reluctance to use observed performance or introspective reports as evidence for some underlying In brief, it is unfortunately the case that no adequate formalizable techniques are known for obtaining reliable information concerning the facts of linguistic structure (nor is this native speaker.
It is important to bear in mind that when an operational procedure is proposed, it must be tested for adequacy (exactly as a theory of linguistic intuition — a grammar — must be tested for adequacy) by measuring it against the standard provided by the tacit knowledge that it attempts to specify and describe.
Thus a proposed operational test for, say, segmentation into words, must meet the empirical condition of conforming, in a mass of crucial and clear cases, to the linguistic intuition of the native speaker concerning such elements.
Otherwise, it is without value.
The same, obviously, is true in the case of any this test, we might be justified in relying on their results in unclear and difficult cases.
This remains a hope for the future rather than a present reality, however.
This is the objective situation of presentday linguistic work; allusions to presumably wellknown procedures of elicitation or objective methods simply obscure the actual situation in which linguistic work must, for the present, proceed.
Furthermore, there is no reason to expect important theoretical notions of linguistics (such as grammaticalness and paraphrase) will ever be forthcoming. the knowledge of the native speaker can proceed perfectly well.
The critical problem for grammatical theory today is not a paucity of evidence but rather the inadequacy of present theories of language to account for masses of evidence that are hardly open to serious question.
The problem for the grammarian is to construct a description and, where possible, an explanation for the intuition of the native speaker (often, himself); the problem for Neither the study of grammar nor the attempt to develop useful tests is hampered by lack of evidence with which to check results, for the present.
We may hope that these efforts will converge, but they must obviously converge on the tacit knowledge of the native speaker if they are to be of any significance. to give such priority to introspective evidence and to the linguistic intuition of the native speaker excludes it from the question seems to have no bearing at all on any serious issue.
At most, it determines how we shall denote the kind of research that can be effectively carried out in the present state of our question actually does relate to a different issue of some interest, namely the question whether the important feature of the successful sciences has been their search for insight or their concern for gain in insight and understanding.
On the other hand, a good case can be made for the view that the natural sciences have, by and large, sought objectivity primarily insofar as it is a tool for In any event, at a given stage of investigation, one whose concern is for insight and understanding (rather than for objectivity as a goal in itself) must ask whether or to what extent a wider range and more exact description of phenomena is relevant to solving the problems that he faces.
In linguistics, it seems to me that sharpening of the data by more objective tests is a matter of small importance for the problems at hand.
One who disagrees with this estimate of the present situation in linguistics can justify his belief in the current importance of more objective operational tests by showing how they can lead to new and will come when the kinds of data that we now can obtain in abundance will be insufficient to resolve deeper questions concerning the structure of language.
However, many questions that demand evidence of a kind that is unavailable or unattainable Although there is no way to avoid the traditional assumption linguistic theory, or operational test, it must be emphasized, once again, that this tacit knowledge may very well not be immediately available to the user of the language.
To eliminate what has seemed to some an air of paradox in this remark, let me illustrate If a sentence such as flying planes can be dangerous is will interpret it immediately in a unique way, and will fail to detect the ambiguity.
In fact, he may reject the second interpretation, when this is pointed out to him, as forced or unnatural (independently of which interpretation he originally knowledge of the language is clearly such that both of the interpretations (corresponding to flying planes are dangerous and flying planes is dangerous) are assigned to the sentence by the In the case just mentioned, the ambiguity may be fairly transparent.
But consider such a sentence as Few hearers may be aware of the fact that their internalized for this sentence.
Nevertheless, this fact can be brought to (5), for example: (i) I had a book stolen from my car when I stupidly left the window open, that is, someone stole a book from my car; (ii) I had a book stolen from his library by a professional thief who I hired to do the job, that is, I had someone steal a book; (iii) I almost had a book stolen, but they caught me leaving the library with it, that is, I had almost succeeded in stealing a book.
In bringing to consciousness the triple ambiguity of (5) in this way, we present no new information to the hearer and teach him nothing new about his language but simply arrange matters in such a way that his linguistic The first impression of the hearer may be that these sentences may fail to show him that his internalized grammar assigns very different syntactic descriptions to these sentences.
In fact, so far as I have been able to discover, no English grammar has pointed (in particular, my own sketches of English grammar in Chomsky, 1955, 1962a, failed to note this).
However, it is clear that the sentences (6) and (7) are not parallel in structure.
The difference (ii) I persuaded John to be examined by a specialist (ii) I expected John to be examined by a specialist The sentences (91) and (gii) are cognitively synonymous: one is true if and only if the other is true.
But no variety of even weak paraphrase holds between (8i) and (8ii).
Thus (8i) can be true or false quite independently of the truth or falsity of (8ii).
Whatever difference of connotation or topic or emphasis one may find between (gi) and (gii) is just the difference that exists between the active sentence a specialist will examine John and its passive counterpart John will be examined by a specialist.
This is not at all the case with respect to (8), however.
In fact, the underlying deep structure for (6) and (8ii) must show that John is the DirectObject of the Verb Phrase as well as the grammatical in (8i) the phrase a specialist is the DirectObject of the Verb Phrase and the logical Subject of the embedded sentence.
In (7), (gi), and (gii), however, the Noun Phrases John, a specialist, than those that are internal to the embedded sentence; in particular, John is the logical DirectObject and a specialist the logical Subject in the embedded sentences of (9).
Thus the underlying deep structures for (8i), (8ii), (gi), and (gii) are, respectively, (10) (i) Noun Phrase — Verb — Noun Phrase — Sentence (/ — persuaded — a specialist — a specialist will examine (ii) Noun Phrase — Verb — Noun Phrase — Sentence (/ — persuaded — John — a specialist will examine John) In the case of (ioii) and (1 lii), the passive transformation will apply to the embedded sentence, and in all four cases other operations will give the final surface forms of (8) and (g).
The important point in the present connection is that (8i) differs from (8ii) in underlying structure, although (gi) and (gii) are the difference in meaning.
Notice, in support of this difference in analysis, that we can have I persuaded John that (of the fact that) Sentence, but not I expected John that (of the fact that) First, it shows how unrevealing surface structure may be as to underlying deep structure.
Thus (6) and (7) are the same in surface structure, but very different in the deep structure that Second, it illustrates the elusiveness of the speakers tacit knowledge.
Until such examples as (8) and (9) are adduced, it may not be in the least clear to a speaker of English that the grammar that he has internalized in fact assigns very different syntactic In short, we must be careful not to overlook the fact that surface similarities may hide underlying distinctions of a fundamental nature, and that it may be necessary to guide and draw out the speakers intuition in perhaps fairly subtle ways before we can determine what is the actual character of his knowledge of his language or of anything else.
Neither point is new (the analytic philosophy; the latter is as old as Platos Mend); both are A grammar can be regarded as a theory of a language; it is descriptively adequate to the extent that it correctly describes the intrinsic competence of the idealized native speaker.
The structural descriptions assigned to sentences by the grammar, the so on, must, for descriptive adequacy, correspond to the linguistic intuition of the native speaker (whether or not he may be immediately aware of this) in a substantial and significant class that is, a specification of the class of potential grammars.
We Although even descriptive adequacy on a large scale is by no means easy to approach, it is crucial for the productive development of linguistic theory that much higher goals than this be it is useful to consider the abstract problem of constructing an acquisition model for language, that is, a theory of language learned a language has developed an internal representation of a system of rules that determine how sentences are to be formed, used, and understood.
Using the term grammar with a systematic ambiguity (to refer, first, to the native speakers internally represented theory of his language and, second, to the linguists account of this), we can say that the child has developed and internally represented a generative grammar, in the sense described.
He has done this on the basis of observation of what we of linguistic performance that are taken to be wellformed sentences, and may include also examples designated as nonsentences, and no doubt much other information of the sort that is required for language learning, whatever this may be (see pp. 3132).
On the basis of such data, the child constructs a grammar — that is, a theory of the language of which the wellformed sample.14 To learn a language, then, the child must have a must possess, first, a linguistic theory that specifies the form of the grammar of a possible human language, and, second, a strategy for selecting a grammar of the appropriate form that is compatible with the primary linguistic data.
As a longrange task for general linguistics, we might set the problem of developing an account of this innate linguistic theory that provides the basis for language learning. (Note that we are again using the term theory — in this case theory of language rather than theory of a particular language — with a systematic ambiguity, to refer both to the childs innate predisposition to learn a language of a certain type and to the linguists account of this.) To the extent that a linguistic theory succeeds in selecting a data, we can say that it meets the condition of explanatory adequacy.
That is, to this extent, it offers an explanation for the intuition of the native speaker on the basis of an empirical develop a certain kind of theory to deal with the evidence presented to him.
Any such hypothesis can be falsified (all too easily, in actual fact) by showing that it fails to provide a from some other language — evidently the child is not predisposed to learn one language rather than another.
It is supported when it does provide an adequate explanation for some aspect of linguistic structure, an account of the way in which Clearly, it would be Utopian to expect to achieve explanatory adequacy on a large scale in the present state of linguistics. critical for advancing linguistic theory.
Gross coverage of a large mass of data can often be attained by conflicting theories; for precisely this reason it is not, in itself, an achievement of any field, the important problem in linguistics is to discover a complex of data that differentiates between conflicting conceptions of linguistic structure in that one of these conflicting theories can describe these data only by ad hoc means whereas the other can explain it on the basis of some empirical assumption about the form of language.
Such smallscale studies of explanatory adequacy have, in fact, provided most of the evidence that has any serious bearing on the nature of linguistic of some particular aspect of one such theory, it is questions of explanatory adequacy that must, quite often, bear the burden of justification.
This remark is in no way inconsistent with the fact that explanatory adequacy on a large scale is out of reach, for the present.
It simply brings out the highly tentative character of To summarize briefly, there are two respects in which one can speak of justifying a generative grammar.
On one level (that of descriptive adequacy), the grammar is justified to the extent that it correctly describes its object, namely the linguistic intuition — the tacit competence — of the native speaker.
In this sense, the grammar is justified on external grounds, on grounds of correspondence to linguistic fact.
On a much deeper and hence a grammar is justified to the extent that it is a principled descriptively adequate system, in that the linguistic theory with which it is associated selects this grammar over others, given primary linguistic data with which all are compatible.
In this sense, the grammar is justified on internal grounds, on grounds of its relation to a linguistic theory that constitutes an explanatory hypothesis about the form of language as such.
The problem of the problem of constructing a theory of language acquisition, an account of the specific innate abilities that make this achievement possible. it attributes tacit knowledge of these universals to the child.
It proposes, then, that the child approaches the data with the presumption that they are drawn from a language of a certain which of the (humanly) possible languages is that of the community in which he is placed.
Language learning would be impossible unless this were the case.
The important question is: language that the child brings to language learning, and how detailed and specific is the innate schema (the general definition of grammar) that gradually becomes more explicit and differentiated as the child learns the language.
For the present we cannot come at all close to making a hypothesis about innate schemata that is rich, detailed, and specific enough to account task of linguistic theory must be to develop an account of linguistic universals that, on the one hand, will not be falsified by the actual diversity of languages and, on the other, will be sufficiently rich and explicit to account for the rapidity and uniformity of language learning, and the remarkable complexity and range of the generative grammars that are the The study of linguistic universals is the study of the properties of any generative grammar for a natural language.
Particular assumptions about linguistic universals may pertain to It is useful to classify linguistic universals as formal or substantive.
A theory of substantive universals claims that items of a particular kind in any language must be drawn from a fixed class generative grammar.
It asserts that each output of this component consists of elements that are characterized in terms of some small order of fifteen or twenty), each of which has a substantive acousticarticulatory characterization independent of any particular language.
Traditional universal grammar was also a theory of substantive universals, in this sense.
It not only put forth interesting views as to the nature of universal phonetics, but also (Noun, Verb, etc.) can be found in the syntactic representations of the sentences of any language, and that these provide the theory of substantive semantic universals might hold for example, that certain designative functions must be carried out in a specified way in each language.
Thus it might assert that each items referring to certain specific kinds of objects, feelings, behavior, and so on.
It is also possible, however, to search for universal properties of a more abstract sort.
Consider a claim that the grammar of truth of this hypothesis would not in itself imply that any particular rule must appear in all or even in any two grammars.
The property of having a grammar meeting a certain abstract condition might be called a formal linguistic universal, if shown to be a general property of natural languages.
Recent attempts to meet have produced a variety of proposals concerning formal universal, in this sense.
For example, consider the proposal that the rules (these being operations of a highly special kind) mapping semantically interpreted deep structures into phonetically interpreted surface structures, or the proposal that the phonological component of a grammar consists of a sequence of rules, a subset of which may apply cyclically to successively more dominant constituents of the surface structure (a transformational cycle, in the sense of much recent work on phonology).
Such proposals make claims of a quite different sort from the claim that certain substantive phonetic elements are available for phonetic representation in all languages, or that certain specific categories must be central to the syntax of all languages, or that certain semantic involve rather the character of the rules that appear in grammars On the semantic level, too, it is possible to search for what might be called formal universals, in essentially the sense just names, in any language, must designate objects meeting a condition of spatiotemporal contiguity,15 and that the same is true of other terms designating objects; or the condition that the color words of any language must subdivide the color spectrum defined in terms of certain human goals, needs, and functions instead of solely in terms of physical qualities.16 Formal constraints of this sort on a system of concepts may severely limit the choice (by the child, or the linguist) of a descriptive grammar, suggested by such examples as these, implies that all languages are cut to the same pattern, but does not imply that there is any It does not, for example, imply that there must be some reasonable procedure for translating between languages.17 In general, there is no doubt that a theory of language, regarded as a hypothesis about the innate languageforming been the traditional concern of general linguistic theory, investigations of the abstract conditions that must be satisfied by any They seem to offer extremely rich and varied possibilities for Let us consider with somewhat greater care just what is language.
A child who is capable of language learning must have (iii) some initial delimitation of a class of possible hypotheses (iv) a method for determining what each such hypothesis implies with respect to each sentence (v) a method for selecting one of the (presumably, infinitely many) hypotheses that are allowed by (iii) and are compatible with the given primary linguistic data (13) (i) a universal phonetic theory that defines the notion possible sentence (iv) a method for determining the structural description of a must require of such a linguistic theory that it provide for (14) (i) an enumeration of the class slt s2, ••• of possible sentences (ii) an enumeration of the class SDl7 SD2, ••• of possible (iii) an enumeration of the class Glt G2, •••of possible generative grammars (iv) specification of a function / such that SD/(ii) is the structural description assigned to sentence st by grammar Gj, (v) specification of a function m such that m(i) is an integer associated with the grammar G4 as its value (with, let us Conditions of at least this strength are entailed by the decision for language learning in the following way.
Consider first the nature of primary linguistic data.
This consists of a finite amount are in effect, and fairly degenerate in quality (cf. note 14).
For sentences, while others are classed as nonsentences, as a result of correction of the learners attempts on the part of the linguistic as to require that structural descriptions be assigned to these objects in certain ways.
That the latter is a prerequisite for (but, for the moment, quite unsupported) view that there must be a partially semantic basis for the acquisition of syntax or for a grammar.
Incidentally, it is often not realized how strong a claim this is about the innate conceptforming abilities of the child and the system of linguistic universals that these abilities imply.
Thus what is maintained, presumably, is that the child has an innate theory of potential structural descriptions that is sufficiently rich and fully developed so that he is able to determine, from a real situation in which a signal occurs, which structural descriptions may be appropriate to this signal, and also that he is able to do this in part in advance of any assumption as to the linguistic structure of this signal.
To say that the course, not to say that it is incorrect.
Let us, in any event, assume classified as sentences and nonsentences, and a partial and tentative pairing of signals with structural descriptions. capable of utilizing such primary linguistic data as the empirical the set of possible hypotheses G\, G2, •••, which are available to it by virtue of condition (iii), and must select grammars that are terms of (i) and (ii).
It is possible to test compatibility by virtue of the fact that the device meets condition (iv).
The device would then select one of these potential grammars by the evaluation measure guaranteed by (v).19 The selected grammar now provides the device with a method for interpreting an arbitrary sentence, by virtue of (ii) and (iv).
That is to say, the device has now constructed a theory of the language of which the primary linguistic data are a sample.
The theory that the device has now its knowledge of the language.
The child who acquires a language in this way of course knows a great deal more than he has learned.
His knowledge of the language, as this is determined primary linguistic data and is in no sense an inductive generalization from these data.
This account of language learning can, obviously, be paraphrased directly as a description of how the linguist whose work is guided by a linguistic theory meeting conditions (i)(v) would justify a grammar that he constructs for a language on the basis several different ways in which primary linguistic data may be to which of the possible languages (that is, the languages provided with grammars in accordance with the a priori constraint (iii)) the language learner is being exposed, and it is this function of the primary linguistic data that we are considering here.
But such data may play an entirely different role as well; namely, certain kinds of data and experience may be required in order they may not affect the manner of its functioning in the least.
Thus it has been found that semantic reference may greatly though it does not, apparently, affect the manner in which acquisition of syntax proceeds; that is, it plays no role in determining which hypotheses are selected by the learner (Miller and Norman, 1964).
Similarly, it would not be at all surprising to find that normal language learning requires use of language in reallife situations, in some way.
But this, if true, would not context (in particular, a pairing of signals with structural descriptions that is at least in part prior to assumptions about syntactic acquired, once the mechanism is put to work and the task of language learning is undertaken by the child.
This distinction is to the development of a concept of visual space, although it may not determine the character of this concept (cf.
Held and Hein, 1963; Held and Freedman, 1963, and references cited there).
Or, to take one of innumerable examples from studies of animal suppose that the nature of the lambs theory of visual space otherwise, it is of course necessary to distinguish carefully between these two functions of external data — the function of the function of determining in part the direction that learning Returning now to the main theme, we shall call a theory of theory, and a theory that meets conditions (i)(iv) a descriptive theory.
In fact, a linguistic theory that is concerned only with Such a theory must, in other words, make available a class of generative grammars containing, for each language, a descriptively adequate grammar of this language — a grammar that (by means of (iv)) assigns structural descriptions to sentences in A theory of language is empirically significant only to the extent that it meets conditions (i)(iv).
The further question of explanatory adequacy arises only in connection with a theory that also meets condition (v) (but see p. 36).
In other words, it arises only to the extent that the theory provides a principled basis for primary linguistic data by the use of a welldefined evaluation This account is misleading in one important respect.
It suggests that to raise a descriptively adequate theory to the level of explanatory adequacy one needs only to define an appropriate evaluation measure.
This is incorrect, however.
A theory may be descriptively adequate, in the sense just defined, and yet provide such a wide range of potential grammars that there is no possibility of discovering a formal property distinguishing the descriptively adequate grammars, in general, from among the mass fact, the real problem is almost always to restrict the range of acquisition model, it is necessary to reduce the class of attainable2 grammars compatible with given primary linguistic data to the point where selection among them can be made by a determine the form of language, in the traditional sense of this
The same point can be put in a somewhat different way. languages, we are interested in determining to what extent they are unique and to what extent there are deep underlying similarities among them that are attributable to the form of language as such.
Real progress in linguistics consists in the discovery that certain features of given languages can be reduced to universal properties of language, and explained in terms of these deeper aspects of linguistic form.
Thus the major endeavor of the linguist must be to enrich the theory of linguistic form by formulating more specific constraints and conditions on the notion generative grammar.
Where this can be done, particular grammars can be simplified by eliminating from them descriptive statements that are attributable to the general theory of grammar (cf. § 5).
For example, if we conclude that the transformational cycle23 is a universal feature of the phonological component, it is unnecessary, in the grammar of English, to describe the manner of functioning of those phonological rules that involve stracted from the grammar of English and stated as a formal linguistic universal, as part of the theory of generative grammar.
Obviously, this conclusion, if justified, would represent an important advance in the theory of language, since it would then have been shown that what appears to be a peculiarity of English is actually explicable in terms of a general and deep empirical assumption about the nature of language, an assumption that can be refuted, if false, by study of descriptively adequate grammars In short, the most serious problem that arises in the attempt highly structured way.
A theory of grammar may be descriptively natural languages from arbitrary symbolic systems.
It is for just — the attempt to discover linguistic universals — is so crucial at fact that even descriptive adequacy on a broad scale may be an unrealized goal.
It is not necessary to achieve descriptive adequacy before raising questions of explanatory adequacy.
On the greatest bearing on our concept of language and on descriptive To acquire language, a child must devise a hypothesis compatible with presented data — he must select from the store of potential grammars a specific one that is appropriate to the data available to him.
It is logically possible that the data might be limited so that no more than a single permitted grammar will be compatible with the available data at the moment of successful language acquisition, in our idealized instantaneous model (cf. notes ig and 22).
In this case, no evaluation procedure will be necessary as a part of linguistic theory — that is, as an innate property of an organism or a device capable of language acquisition.
It is rather difficult to imagine how in detail this logical leave ample room for mutually inconsistent grammars, all compatible with primary data of any conceivable sort.
All such measure if language acquisition is to be accounted for and selection of specific grammars is to be justified; and I shall continue to assume tentatively, as heretofore, that this is an empirical fact The status of an evaluation procedure for grammars (see condition (v) of (i2)(i4)) has often been misconstrued.
It must first of all be kept clearly in mind that such a measure is not given a priori, in some manner.
Rather, any proposal concerning such a measure is an empirical hypothesis about the nature of language.
This is evident from the preceding discussion.
Suppose that we in some fixed way.
Given primarily linguistic data D, different choices of an evaluation measure will assign quite different ranks to alternative hypotheses (alternative grammars) as to the language of which D is a sample, and will therefore lead to entirely different predictions as to how a person who learns a language on the basis of D will interpret new sentences not in D.
Consequently, choice of an evaluation measure is an empirical matter, Perhaps confusion about this matter can be traced to the use of the term simplicity measure for particular proposed evaluation measures, it being assumed that simplicity is a general theory.
This is a misconception, however.
In the context of this (v)) is a notion to be defined within linguistic theory along with rather like determination of the value of a physical constant.
We are given, in part, an empirical pairing of certain kinds of primary linguistic data with certain grammars that are in fact constructed by people presented with such data.
A proposed simplicity measure constitutes part of the attempt to determine precisely the nature of this association.
If a particular grammars are given, the problem of defining simplicity is just the problem of discovering how G( is determined by D{, for each i.
Suppose, in other words, that we regard an acquisition model for data as input.
A proposed simplicity measure, taken together with nature of such a device.
Choice of a simplicity measure is therefore an empirical matter with empirical consequences.
All of this has been said before.
I repeat it at such length because it has been so grossly misunderstood.
It is also apparent that evaluation measures of the kinds that comparison of a grammar from one class of proposed grammars with a grammar from another class, by such a measure, is utterly without sense.
Rather, an evaluation measure of this kind is an essential part of a particular theory of grammar that aims at explanatory adequacy.
It is true that there is a sense in which domains) can be compared as to simplicity and elegance.
What we have been discussing here, however, is not this general question but rather the problem of comparing two theories of a language — two grammars of this language — in terms of a particular general linguistic theory.
This is, then, a matter of formulating an explanatory theory of language; it is not to be language is of course a fundamental question and should also be and explanatory adequacy.
But it is not the question involved in the use of an evaluation measure in the attempt to achieve As a concrete illustration, consider the question of whether the rules of a grammar should be unordered (let us call this the linguistic theory Tv) or ordered in some specific way (the theory T0).
A priori, there is no way to decide which of the two is correct.
There is no known absolute sense of simplicity or
elegance, developed within linguistic theory or general epistemology, in accordance with which Tv and Tn can be compared.
It is quite meaningless, therefore, to maintain that in some absolute sense Tv is simpler than T0 or conversely.
One can easily invent a general concept of simplicity that will prefer Tv to T0, or T0 to Tv; in neither case will this concept have in Halle, 1959a, 1961, 1962a, 1964) or the measure based on not apply, because they are internal to a specific linguistic theory and their empirical justification relies essentially on this fact.
To choose between Tv and T0, we must proceed in an entirely different way.
We must ask whether Tv or T0 provides descriptively adequate grammars for natural languages, or leads to question if the theories in question are stated with sufficient care.
For example, if Tna is the familiar theory of phrase structure grammar and T0S is the same theory, with the further condition that the rules are linearly ordered and apply cyclically, with at least one rule A •* X being obligatory for each category A, so as to guarantee that each cycle is nonvacuous, then it can be shown that Tns and T0S are incomparable in descriptive power (in strong generative capacity — see § 9; see Chomsky, 1955, Chapters 6 and 7, and Chomsky, 1956, for some discussion of such systems).
Consequently, we might ask whether natural languages in fact fall under Tna or T08, these being nonequivalent and empirically distinguishable theories.
Or, supposing Tvp and T0P to be theories of the phonological component (where Tvp holds phonological rules to be unordered and T0P holds them to be partially ordered), it is easy to invent hypothetical languages for which significant generalizations are expressible in terms of T0P but not Tvp, or conversely.
We can therefore try to determine whether there are significant generalizations that are expressible in terms of one but not the other theory in the case of empirically given languages.
In principle, either result is possible; it is an entirely factual question, having to do with the properties of natural languages.
We shall see later that T08 is rather well motivated as a theory of the base, and strong arguments have been offered to show that T0p is correct and Tvp is wrong, as a theory of phonological processes (cf.
Chomsky, 1951, 1964; Halle, 1959a, 1959 b. 1962a, 1964).
In both cases, the argument turns on the factual question of expressibility of linguistically significant generalizations in terms of one or the other theory, not on any presumed absolute sense of simplicity that might rank Tn and T0 relative to one another.
Failure to appreciate this fact has led to a great deal of vacuous and Confusion about these questions may also have been engendered by the fact that there are several different senses in which one can talk of justifying a grammar, as noted on pp. 2627.
To repeat the major point: on the one hand, the grammar can be justified on external grounds of descriptive adequacy — we may ask whether it states the facts about the language correctly, whether it predicts correctly how the idealized native account of the basis for this achievement; on the other hand, a grammar can be justified on internal grounds if, given an explanatory linguistic theory, it can be shown that this grammar is the highestvalued grammar permitted by the theory and compatible with given primary linguistic data.
In the latter case, a principled basis is presented for the construction of this grammar, and it is therefore justified on much deeper empirical grounds.
Both kinds of justification are of course necessary; it is important, however, not to confuse them.
In the case of a linguistic theory that is merely descriptive, only one kind of justification can be given — namely, we can show that it permits grammars that meet the external condition of descriptive adequacy.24 It is only when all of the conditions (i)(v) of (i2)(i4) are met that It is also apparent that the discussion as to whether an evaluation measure is a necessary part of linguistic theory is quite without substance (see, however, pp. 3637).
If the linguist is content to formulate descriptions one way or another with little concern for justification, and if he does not intend to proceed from the study of facts about particular languages to an as such, then construction of an evaluation procedure and the concern him.
In this case, since interest in justification has been requirements of consistency) has any bearing on what the linguist presents as a linguistic description.
On the other hand, if he wishes to achieve descriptive adequacy in his account of language structure, he must concern himself with the problem of developing an explanatory theory of the form of grammar, since this provides one of the main tools for arriving at a descriptively adequate grammar in any particular case.
In other words, choice of a grammar for a particular language L will always be much languages or successful fragments for other subparts of L) will be available to the linguist only if he possesses an explanatory theory.
Such a theory limits the choice of grammar by the dual an evaluation procedure to be applied for the language L with which he is now concerned.
Both the formal conditions and the adequacy must lead to an attempt to develop an explanatory theory that fulfills these dual functions, and concern with exselected in such a way as to favor these.
We have a generalization when a set of rules about distinct items can be replaced by a the whole set, or when it can be shown that a natural class of items undergoes a certain process or set of similar processes.
Thus, choice of an evaluation measure constitutes a decision as to what are similar processes and natural classes — in short, what are significant generalizations.
The problem is to devise a to a grammar in terms of the degree of linguistically significant measure to be applied to a grammar is length, in terms of number of symbols.
But if this is to be a meaningful measure, it is necessary to devise notations and to restrict the form of rules in such a way that significant considerations of complexity and generality are converted into considerations of length, so that real Thus it is the notational conventions used in presenting a grammar that define significant generalization, if the evaluation measure is taken as length.
This is, in fact, the rationale behind the conventions for use of parentheses, brackets, etc., that have been adopted in explicit (that is, generative) grammars.
For a detailed discussion of these, To take just one example, consider the analysis of the English Verbal Auxiliary.
The facts are that such a phrase must contain Tense (which is, furthermore, Past or Present), and then may or may not contain a Modal and either the Perfect or Progressive Aspect (or both), where the elements must appear in the order (omitting details that are not relevant here).
Rule (15) is an abbreviation for eight rules that analyze the element Aux into its eight possible forms.
Stated in full, these eight rules would counting Aux, in both cases).
The parenthesis notation, in this case, has the following meaning.
It asserts that the difference between four and twenty symbols is a measure of the degree of that has the forms given in list (16), for the Auxiliary Phrase, as compared with a language that has, for example, the forms given in list (17) as the representatives of this category: In the case of both list (16) and list (17), twenty symbols are involved.
List (16) abbreviates to rule (15) by the notational the use of parentheses amounts to a claim that there is a forms in list (16) but not the set of forms in list (17).
It amounts to the empirical hypothesis that regularities of the type exemplified in (16) are those found in natural languages, and are of the type that children learning a language will expect; whereas cyclic regularities of the type exemplified in (17), though language, are not of the type for which children will intuitively search in language materials, and are much more difficult for the languagelearner to construct on the basis of scattered data or to use.
What is claimed, then, is that when given scattered examples from (16), the language learner will construct the rule under a cyclic rule, he will not incorporate this generalization in his grammar — he will not, for example, conclude from the yesterday that there is a third form arrived yesterday John, or from the existence of is John here and here is John that there is a third form John here is, etc.
One might abbreviate list (17) to a shorter rule than list (16), thus a factual claim about the structure of natural language and the predisposition of the child to search for certain types of regularity regarded with some caution.
It is the full set of notational conventions that constitute an evaluation procedure, in the manner lies in its claim that the most highly valued grammar of the permitted form will be selected, on the basis of given data. must be evaluated in terms of their effect on the entire system of rules.
The extent to which particular parts of the grammar can be selected independently of others is an empirical matter about which very little is known, at present.
Although alternatives than are presently available are needed to settle the questions raised.
To my knowledge, the only attempt to evaluate a fairly full and complex subsystem of a grammar is in Chomsky (1951), but even here all that is shown is that the value of the system is a local maximum in the sense that interchange of adjacent rules decreases value.
The effect of modifications on a larger scale is not investigated.
Certain aspects of the general question, One special case of this general approach to evaluation that has been worked out in a particularly convincing way is the in the phonological component of the grammar.
A very plausible argument can be given to the effect that this convention defines that have been relied on implicitly in descriptive and comparativehistorical phonological investigations, and that determine the intuitively given distinction between phonologically possible and phonologically impossible nonsense forms.
For discussion, see Halle (1959a, 1959b, 1961, 1962a, 1964), Halle and dependent on a strong assumption about the form of grammar, namely, the assumption that only feature notation is permitted.
If phonemic notation is allowed in addition to feature It is clear, then, that choice of notations and other conventions is not an arbitrary or merely technical matter, if length is to be taken as the measure of valuation for a grammar.
It is, rather, a matter that has immediate and perhaps quite drastic empirical consequences.
When particular notational devices are incorporated into a linguistic theory of the sort we are discussing, language.
It is implied that a person learning a language will (that is, with few symbols) in terms of the notations available in this theory, and that he will select grammars containing these with the given data but that contain different sorts of generalization, different concepts of natural class, and so on.
These may be very strong claims, and need by no means be true on any a let me repeat once more that this discussion of language learning in terms of formulation of rules, hypotheses, etc., does not refer to conscious formulation and expression of these but rather to the process of arriving at an internal representation of a generative system, which can be appropriately described in these In brief, it is clear that no presentday theory of language can domains.
In other words, we are very far from being able to that will be sufficiently rich and detailed to account for the facts direction of explanatory adequacy, we can attempt to refine the evaluation measure for grammars or to tighten the formal constraints on grammars so that it becomes more difficult to find a data.
There can be no doubt that present theories of grammar require modification in both of these ways, the latter, in general, being the more promising.
Thus the most crucial problem for linguistic theory seems to be to abstract statements and generalizations from particular descriptively adequate grammars and, wherever possible, to attribute them to the general theory Whenever this is done, an assertion about a particular language is replaced by a corresponding assertion, from which the first follows, about language in general.
If this formulation of a when its effect on the description of other aspects of the language or the description of other languages is ascertained.
In short, I am languages can be deduced.
In this way, linguistic theory may language learning possible under the empirically given limitations of time and data. of a hypothetical languageacquisition device.
This seems a useful and suggestive framework within which to pose and consider these problems.
We may think of the theorist as given an empirical pairing of collections of primary linguistic data associated with grammars that are constructed by the device on the basis of such data.
Much information can be obtained about both the primary data that constitute the input and the grammar that is the output of such a device, and the theorist has the It may be of some interest to set this discussion in a somewhat distinguish two general lines of approach to the problem of acquisition of knowledge, of which the problem of acquisition of empiricist approach has assumed that the structure of the acquisition device is limited to certain elementary peripheral processing mechanisms — for example, in recent versions, an innate quality space with an innate distance defined on it (Quine, i960, pp. 83L),25 a set of primitive unconditioned reflexes (Hull, 1943), or, in the case of language, the set of all aurally distinguishable components of the full auditory impression (Bloch, 1950).
Beyond this, it assumes that the device has certain of a very elementary sort, for example, certain principles of association, weak principles of generalization involving gradients along the dimensions of the given quality space, or, in our such as those that have been developed with some care in on the fundamental character of such principles.
It is then assumed that a preliminary analysis of experience is provided by and knowledge, beyond this, are acquired by application of the available inductive principles to this initially analyzed experience.28 Such views can be formulated clearly in one way or A rather different approach to the problem of acquisition of ideas and principles of various kinds that determine the form of the acquired knowledge in what may be a rather restricted and Thus for Descartes (1647), the innate ideas are those arising from the faculty of thinking rather than from external objects:... nothing reaches our mind from external objects through the organs of sense beyond certain corporeal movements... but even these movements, and the figures which arise from diem, are not conceived by us in the shape they assume in the organs of sense... .
Hence it follows that the ideas of the movements and figures are themselves innate in us.
So much the more must the ideas of pain, colour, sound and the like be innate, that our mind may, on occasion of certain corporeal movements, envisage these ideas, for they have no likeness to the corporeal movements... [p. 443]Similarly, such notions as that things equal to the same thing are equal to each other are innate, since they cannot arise as sight... presents nothing beyond pictures, and hearing nothing beyond voices or sounds, so that all these things that we think of, beyond these voices or pictures, as being symbolized by them, are presented to us by means of ideas which come from no other source than our faculty of thinking, and are accordingly together with that faculty innate in us, that is, always existing in us potentially; for existence in any faculty is not actual but merely potential existence, since the very word faculty designates nothing more or less than a potentiality.... [Thus ideas are innate in the sense that] in some families generosity is innate, in others certain diseases like gout or gravel, not diat on this account the babes of these families suffer from these diseases in their mothers womb, but because they are born with a certain disposition or propensity for contracting them... [p. 442]. are not present, and even disappear and give no sign of their existence; they must be deemed not so much the outcome of experience as principles without which we should have no experience at all... [p. 132].
Without these principles, we could have no experience at all nor be capable of observations; we should never come to distinguish between things, or to grasp any general nature... [p. 105].
These notions are extensively To mention just one example, Cudworth (1731) gives an extensive argument in support of his view that there are many ideas of the mind, which though the cogitations of them be often occasionally invited from the motion or appulse of sensible objects themselves could not possibly be stamped or impressed upon the soul from them, because sense takes no cognizance at all of any such things in those corporeal objects, and therefore they must needs arise from the innate vigour and activity of the mind itself... [Book IV].
Even in Locke one finds essentially the same conception, as was pointed out by Leibniz and many commentators since.
In the PortRoyal Logic (Arnauld, 1662), the same point of It is false, therefore, that all our ideas come through sense.
On the contrary, it may be affirmed that no idea which we have in our minds has taken its rise from sense, except on occasion of those movements which are made in the brain through sense, the impulse from sense giving occasion to the mind to form different ideas which it would not have formed without it, though these ideas have very rarely any resemblance to what takes place in the sense and in the brain; and there are at least a very great number of ideas which, having no connection with any bodily image, cannot, without manifest absurdity, be referred to sense In the same vein, Leibniz refuses to accept a sharp distinction I agree that we learn ideas and innate truths either in considering their source or in verifying them through experience... .
And I cannot admit this proposition: all that one learns is not innate.
The truths of numbers are in us, yet nonetheless one learns them,28 either by drawing them from their source when we learn them through demonstrative proof (which shows that they are innate), or by testing them in examples, as do ordinary arithmeticians... [New Essays, p. 75]. [Thus] all arithmetic and all geometry are in us virtually, so that we can find them there if we consider attentively and set in order what we already have in the mind... [p. 78]. [In general,] we have an infinite amount of knowledge of which we are not always conscious, not even when we need it [p. 77].
The senses, although necessary for all our actual knowledge, are not sufficient to give it all to us, since the senses never give us anything but examples, i.e., particular or individual truths.
Now all the examples which confirm a general truth, whatever their number, do not suffice to establish the universal necessity of that same truth... [pp. 4243].
Necessary truths... must have principles whose proof does not depend on examples, nor consequently upon the testimony of the senses, although without the senses it would never have occurred to us to think of them....
It is true that we must not imagine that these eternal laws of the reason can be read in the soul as in an open book... but it is sufficient that they can be discovered in us by dint of attention, for which the senses furnish occasions, and successful experience serves to confirm reason... [p. 44]. [There are innate general principles that] enter into our thoughts, of which they form the soul and the connection.
They are as necessary thereto as the muscles and sinews are for walking, although we do not at all think of them.
The mind leans upon these principles every moment, but it does not come so easily to distinguish them and to represent them distinctly and separately, because that demands great attention to its acts... .
Thus it is that one possesses many things without knowing it... [p. 74]. of the interplay between sense and mind in the formation of are then available for interpretation of the data of sense in a way Applying this rationalist view to the special case of language language but can only present the conditions under which it will develop spontaneously in the mind in its own way.
Thus the form of a language, the schema for its grammar, is to a large extent given, though it will not be available for use without appropriate experience to set the languageforming processes into for the individual, learning is largely a matter of Wiedererzeugung, that is, of drawing out what is innate in the mind.29 prevailing modern view) that language is essentially an adventitious construct, taught by conditioning (as would be maintained, for example, by Skinner or Quine) or by drill and that only the procedures and mechanisms for the acquisition of knowledge constitute an innate property of the mind.
Thus for Hume, the method of experimental reasoning is a basic instinct in animals and humans, on a par with the instinct which teaches a bird, with such exactness, the art of incubation, and the whole economy and order of its nursery — it is derived from the original hand of nature (Hume, 1748, § IX).
The form of knowledge, however, is otherwise quite free.
On the other hand, rationalist speculation has assumed that the general form of a system of knowledge is fixed in advance as a disposition of the mind, and the function of experience is to cause this general... the comparison of a block of marble which has veins, rather than a block of marble wholly even, or of blank tablets, i.e., of what is called among philosophers a tabula rasa.
For if the soul resembled these blank tablets, truths would be in us as the figure of Hercules is in the marble, when the marble is wholly indifferent to the reception of this figure or some other.
But if there were veins in the block which should indicate the figure of Hercules rather than other figures, this block would be more determined thereto, and Hercules would be in it as in some sense innate, although it would be needful to labor to discover these veins, to clear them by polishing, and by cutting away what prevents them from appearing.
Thus it is that ideas and truths are for us innate, as actions, often insensible, which correspond to them [Leibniz, Nezv Essays, pp. 4546].
It is not, of course, necessary to assume that empiricist and these currents cannot cross.
Nevertheless, it is historically accurate as well as heuristically valuable to distinguish these two made quite precise and can then be presented as explicit it would not be inaccurate to describe the taxonomic, dataprocessing approach of modern linguistics as an empiricist view theory consists only of a body of procedures for determining the grammar of a language from a corpus of data, the form of possible grammars are determined by this set of procedures.
If this claim must be that the grammars that result from application of the postulated procedures to a sufficiently rich selection of data will be descriptively adequate — in other words, that the set of procedures can be regarded as constituting a hypothesis rationalistic in its assumption that various formal and substantive universals are intrinsic properties of the languageacquisition system, these providing a schema that is applied to data and that determines in a highly restricted way the general form and, in part, even the substantive features of the grammar that elaborated in more detail in the following chapters and in other as a specific hypothesis, of an essentially rationalist cast, as to ask, as an empirical question, which (if either) is correct.
There is no a priori way to settle this issue.
Where empiricist and that the question of correctness can be seriously raised, it cannot, for example, be maintained that in any clear sense one is simpler than the other in terms of its potential physical realization,31 and even if this could be shown, one way or the other, it would have no bearing on what is completely a factual issue.
This factual question can be approached in several ways. language acquisition, we must bear in mind that any concrete of the grammars that can result from application of its inductive principles to primary data.
We may therefore ask whether the grammars that these principles can provide, in principle, are at all close to those which we in fact discover when we investigate real languages.
The same question can be asked about a concrete rationalist proposal.
This has, in the past, proved to be a useful way to subject such hypotheses to one sort of empirical test. positive, in either case, we can then turn to the question of within the given constraints of time and access, and within the range of observed uniformity of output.
In fact, the second question has rarely been raised in any serious way in connection i960, pp. 145148, and Miller and Chomsky, 1963, p. 430, for some comments), since study of the first question has been sufficient to rule out whatever explicit proposals of an essentially to support serious study are those that have been developed within any reasonable doubt that, quite apart from any question of feasibility, methods of the sort that have been studied in the speaker of a language (cf.
Chomsky, 1956, 1957, 1964; Postal, 19626, 1964a, 1964c; Katz and Postal, 1964, § 5.5, and many other publications for discussion of these questions that seems unanswerable and is, for the moment, not challenged).
In general, then, it seems to me correct to say that empiricist theories about uninformative.
On the other hand, the rationalist approach exemplified by recent work in the theory of transformational grammar seems to have proved fairly productive, to be fully in accord with what is known about language, and to offer at least some hope of providing a hypothesis about the intrinsic narrow and interesting way so that the question of feasibility can, system, as a property to be realized under appropriate external can be acquired and used as languages by this device.
Others certainly be invented that fail the conditions, formal and substantive, that have been proposed as tentative linguistic universals in, for example, Jakobsonian distinctivefeature theory or try to determine whether invented systems that fail these conditions do pose inordinately difficult problems for language learning, and do fall beyond the domain for which the languageacquisition system is designed.
As a concrete example, consider grammar, only certain kinds of formal operations on strings can appear in grammars — operations that, furthermore, have no a be shown in any sense to be the most simple or elementary ones that might be invented.
In fact, what might in general be that do qualify are far from elementary, in any general sense.
Specifically, grammatical transformations are necessarily structuredependent in that they manipulate substrings only in terms of their assignment to categories.
Thus it is possible to formulate a transformation that can insert all or part of the Auxiliary Verb to the left of a Noun Phrase that precedes it, independently of what the length or internal complexity of the strings belonging to these categories may be.
It is impossible, however, to formulate as a transformation such a simple operation as reflection of an arbitrary string (that is, replacement of any string axan, where each at is a single symbol, by a,,^), or interchange of the (2n — i)th word with the anth word throughout a string of arbitrary length, or insertion of a symbol in the middle of a string of even length.
Similarly, if the structural analyses that define transformations are restricted to Boolean conditions on Analyzability, as suggested later, it will be impossible to formulate example, an operation that will iterate a symbol that is the leftmost member of a category (impossible, short of listing all categories of the grammar in the structural analysis), or an operation that will iterate a symbol that belongs to as many theory would have to predict that although a language might of certain categories (as in English), it could not form interrogatives by reflection, or interchange of odd and even words, or insertion of a marker in the middle of the sentence.
Many other such predictions, none of them at all obvious in any a priori sense, can be deduced from any sufficiently explicit theory of device as an intrinsic property.
For some initial approaches to the very difficult but tantalizing problem of investigating questions of this sort, see Miller and Stein (1963), Miller and Norman Notice that when we maintain that a system is not learnable we do not imply that this system cannot be mastered by a human in some other way, if treated as a puzzle or intellectual that can be applied to problem solving and concept formation; in other words, the faculte de langage is only one of the faculties of the mind.
What one would expect, however, is that there should be a qualitative difference in the way in which an organism and deal with systems that are languagelike and others that an organism and identifying the systems of belief and the organization of behavior that it can readily attain should be developed in this way.
Learning theory has, for the most part, concentrated on what seems a much more marginal topic, namely its attention to tasks that are extrinsic to an organisms cognitive capacities — tasks that must be approached in a devious, indirect, and piecemeal fashion.
In the course of this work, some incidental what is learned, but this has rarely been the focus of serious in Breland and Breland, 1961) are quite suggestive, as are many In brief, it seems clear that the present situation with regard to the study of language learning is essentially as follows.
We have a certain amount of evidence about the character of the generative grammars that must be the output of an acquisition of grammatical structure cannot arise by application of stepbystep inductive operations (segmentation, classification, substitution procedures, filling of slots in frames, association, etc.) of any sort that have yet been developed within linguistics, psychology, or philosophy.
Further empiricist speculations contribute nothing that even faintly suggests a way of overcoming the intrinsic limitations of the methods that have so far been not provided any way to account for or even to express the fundamental fact about the normal use of language, namely the sentences that are not similar to those previously heard in any physically defined sense or in terms of any notion of frames or classes of elements, nor associated with those previously heard by conditioning, nor obtainable from them by any sort of generalization known to psychology or philosophy.
It seems plain that language acquisition is based on the childs discovery of what from a formal point of view is a deep and abstract theory — a generative grammar of his language — many of the concepts and principles of which are only remotely related to experience steps.
A consideration of the character of the grammar that is of the available data, the striking uniformity of the resulting and emotional state, over wide ranges of variation, leave little hope that much of the structure of the language can be learned by an organism initially uninformed as to its general character.
It is, for the present, impossible to formulate an assumption about initial, innate structure rich enough to account for the fact that grammatical knowledge is attained on the basis of the device can be reduced to a conceptual minimum33 is quite misplaced.
The real problem is that of developing a hypothesis about initial structure that is sufficiently rich to account for acquisition of language, yet not so rich as to be inconsistent with the known diversity of language.
It is a matter of no concern and of only only quite implausible, to begin with, but are without factual support and are hardly consistent with what little is known about how animals or humans construct a theory of the external It is clear why the view that all knowledge derives solely from eralization should have had much appeal in the context of there is surely no reason today for taking seriously a position that at most years) of experience, rather than to millions of years of evolution or to principles of neural organization that may be even more deeply grounded in physical law — a position that unique among animals in the way in which he acquires knowledge.
Such a position is particularly implausible with regard to language, an aspect of the childs world that is a human creation In short, the structure of particular languages may very well be largely determined by factors over which the individual has no choice or freedom.
On the basis of the best information now available, it seems reasonable to suppose that a child cannot to account for the data presented to him, any more than he can control his perception of solid objects or his attention to line and angle.
Thus it may well be that the general features of language structure reflect, not so much the course of ones experience, but rather the general character of ones capacity to acquire knowledge—in the traditional sense, ones innate ideas and innate principles.
It seems to me that the problem of clarifying this provides the most interesting and important reason for the study investigation, one may hope to give some real substance to the traditional belief that the principles of grammar form an important, and very curious, part of the philosophy of the human It may be useful to make one additional methodological observation in connection with the topics discussed in the last few sections.
Given a descriptive theory of language structure,34 we can distinguish its weak generative capacity from its strong generative capacity in the following way.
Let us say that a grammar weakly generates a set of sentences and that it strongly generates a set of structural descriptions (recall that each structural description uniquely specifies a sentence, but not necessarily conversely), where both weak and strong generation are determined by the procedure / of (i2iv) = (131V) = (141V).
Suppose that the linguistic theory T provides the class of grammars GlP G2,, where Gt weakly generates the language L{ and strongly generates the system of structural descriptions 2(.
Then the class {Lx, Z.2,} constitutes the weak generative capacity of T and the class {Slf 22»} constitutes the strong generative capacity of T.8B The study of strong generative capacity is related to the study of descriptive adequacy, in the sense defined.
A grammar is descriptively adequate if it strongly generates the correct set of descriptions for each natural language; otherwise, it is descriptively inadequate.
Thus inadequacy of strong generative capacity, on empirical grounds, shows that a theory of language is seriously defective.
As we have observed, however, a theory of language that appears to be empirically adequate in terms of strong generative capacity is not necessarily of any particular theoretical interest, since the crucial question of explanatory adequacy goes The study of weak generative capacity is of rather marginal linguistic interest.
It is important only in those cases where some proposed theory fails even in weak generative capacity — that is, where there is some natural language even the sentences of which cannot be enumerated by any grammar permitted by this theory.
In fact, it has been shown that certain fairly elementary grammar and the even weaker theory of finitestate grammar) do not have the weak generative capacity required for the description of natural language, and thus fail empirical tests of adequacy in a particularly surprising way.38 From this observation we must conclude that as linguistic theory progresses to a more permit devices with a weak generative capacity that differs, in It is important to note, however, that the fundamental defect of these systems is not their limitation in weak generative capacity capacity was preceded by over a halfdozen years of discussion of the strong generative capacity of this theory, which showed conclusively that it cannot achieve descriptive adequacy.
Furthermore, these limitations in strong generative capacity carry over a very early and primitive stage of the study of generative grammar.
Questions of real linguistic interest arise only when strong As observed earlier, the critical factor in the development of a fully adequate theory is the limitation of the class of possible grammars.
Clearly, this limitation must be such as to meet capacity, and, furthermore, such as to permit the condition of measure is developed.
But beyond this, the problem is to impose sufficient structure on the schema that defines generative grammar so that relatively few hypotheses will have to be tested by the hypotheses compatible with fixed data to be scattered in value, so that choice among them can be made relatively easily.
This requirement of feasibility is the major empirical constraint on a theory, once the conditions of descriptive and explanatory adequacy are met.
It is important to keep the requirements of explanatory adequacy and feasibility in mind when weak and strong generative capacities of theories are studied as capacity, but it is important to bear in mind that these hierarchies do not necessarily correspond to what is probably the empirically theory.
This dimension is presumably to be defined in terms of the scattering in value of grammars compatible with fixed data.
It might conceivably turn out that this theory is extremely powerful (perhaps even universal, that is, equivalent in generative capacity to the theory of Turing machines)37 along the follow that it is very powerful (and hence to be discounted) in is, very likely, an area of linguistics of great potential.
It has and will perhaps some day provide much deeper insights.
But it is important to realize that the questions presently being studied and it is important not to confuse this with the question of WE now return to the problem of refining and elaborating the sketch (in Chapter i, § 3) of how a generative grammar is organized.
Putting off to the next chapter any question as to the shall consider here only the formal properties of the base of the with a careful analysis of the kind of information presented in let us consider what a traditional grammar has to say about a (2) (i) the string (1) is a Sentence (S); frighten the boy is a Verb Phrase (VP) consisting of the Verb (V) frighten and the Noun Phrase (NP) the boy; sincerity is also an NP; the NP the boy consists of the Determiner (Det) the, followed by a Noun (N); the NP sincerity consists of just an N; the is, furthermore, an Article (Art); may is a Verbal (ii) the NP sincerity functions as the Subject of the sentence (1), whereas the VP frighten the boy functions as the Predicate of this sentence; the NP the boy functions as the Object of the VP, and the V frighten as its Main Verb; (sincerity, frighten), and the grammatical relation VerbObject holds of the pair (frighten, the boy).1 (iii) the N boy is a Count Noun (as distinct from the Mass and the Pronoun it); it is, furthermore, an Animate Noun (as distinct from book) and a Human Noun (as distinct from bee); frighten is a Transitive Verb (as distinct from occur), and one that does not freely permit Object deletion (as distinct from read, eat); it takes Progressive Aspect
Subjects (as distinct from eat, admire) and Human Objects (as distinct from read, wear).
It seems to me that the information presented in (2) is, without question, substantially correct and is essential to any account of how the language is used or acquired.
The main topic I should like to consider is how information of this sort can be formally descriptions can be generated by a system of explicit rules.
The next three subsections (§§ 2.1, 2.2, 2.3) discuss these questions in The remarks given in (2i) concern the subdivision of the string (1) into continuous substrings, each of which is assigned to a certain category.
Information of this sort can be represented by a labeled bracketing of (1), or, equivalently, by a treediagram such as (3).
The interpretation of such a diagram is transparent, now that (1) is a basic string, the structure represented as (3) can be taken as a first approximation to its (base) Phrasemarker. may be based on a vocabulary of symbols that includes both formatives (the, boy, etc.) and category symbols (S, NP, V, etc.). etc.; except possibly for the, none of these are represented in the A question arises at once as to the choice of symbols in Phrasemarkers.
That is, we must ask whether the formatives and category symbols used in Phrasemarkers have some languageindependent characterization, or whether they are just convenient mnemonic tags, specific to a particular grammar.
In the case of the lexical formatives, the theory of phonetic distinctive features taken together with the full set of conditions on phonological representation does, in fact, give a languageindependent significance to the choice of symbols, though it is by no means a trivial problem to establish this fact (or to select the proper universal set of substantive phonetic features).
I shall this sort is established and that, consequently, the lexical formatives are selected in a welldefined way from a fixed universal set.
The question of substantive representation in the case of the grammatical formatives and the category symbols is, in effect, the these elements too are selected from a fixed, universal vocabulary, on any of the descriptive material to be presented.
There is no reason to doubt the importance or reasonableness of the study of this question.
It is generally held to involve extrasyntactic considerations of a sort that are at present only dimly perceived.
This may very well be true.
However, I shall later suggest several general definitions that appear to be correct for English and for as (3) is a system of rewriting rules.
A rewriting rule is a rule of where X and Y are (possibly null) strings of symbols, A is a single category symbol, and Z is a nonnull string of symbols.
This rule is interpreted as asserting that the category A is realized as the string Z when it is in the environment consisting of X to the left and Y to the right.
Application of the rewriting rule (4) to a string ••• XAY ••• converts this to the string ••• XZY •••.
Given a grammar, we say that a sequence of strings is a Wderivation of V if W is the first and V the last string in the sequence, and each string of the sequence is derived from the one preceding it by application of one of the rewriting rules (with an ordering condition to be added later).
Where V is a string of formatives, we say that a Wderivation of V is terminated.
We call V a terminal string if there is an #S#derivation of #F#, where S is category Sentence), and # is the boundary symbol (regarded as a grammatical formative).
Thus we construct a derivation of a the grammar, beginning with the string #S#, until the final string of the derivation consists only of formatives and therefore no imposed on the system of rewriting rules,3 it is easy to provide a simple method for assigning a unique and appropriate Phrasemarker to a terminal string, given its derivation.
Thus a system of rewriting rules, appropriately constrained, can serve as a part An unordered set of rewriting rules, applied in the manner in each rule of the form (4), X and Y are null, so that the rules apply independently of context.
As noted earlier (pp. 60 f., 208), been studied fairly intensively during the past few years; and it has also been shown that almost all of the nontransformational syntactic theories that have been developed within modern linguistics, pure or applied, fall within this framework.
In fact, such a system is apparently what is implicit in modern taxonomic Chapter 1).
The inadequacy of such systems as grammars for natural languages seems to me to have been established beyond any reasonable doubt,4 and I shall not discuss the issue here. are presented in the most natural way by a system of rewriting rules, and we may therefore conclude that rewriting rules constitute part of the base of the syntactic component.
Furthermore, we shall assume that these rules are arranged in a linear sequence, and shall define a sequential derivation as a derivation formed by a series of rule applications that preserves this ordering.
Thus, suppose that the grammar consists of the sequence of rules Ru •••, Rn and that the sequence *S*, *X1*, •••, *Xm# is a derivation of the terminal string Xm.
For this to be a sequential derivation, it must be the case that if rule Rt was used to form line *Xf* from the line that precedes it, then no rule Rk (for k > i) can have been used to form a line *XX* (for I < f) from generated by the sequence of rules constituting this part of To provide a Phrasemarker such as (3), the base component Notice that the rules (5), although they do suffice to generate (3), will also generate such deviant strings as boy may frighten the sincerity.
This is a problem to which we shall turn in § 2.3.
There is a natural distinction in (5) between rules that introduce lexical formatives (class (II)) and the others.
In fact, we shall see in § 2.3 that it is necessary to distinguish these sets and to assign the lexical rules to a distinct subpart of the base of the In the case of the information in (2i), then, we see quite clearly how it is to be formally represented, and what sorts of rules are Turning now to (211), we can immediately see that the notions in question have an entirely different status.
The notion Subject, as distinct from the notion NP, designates a grammatical function rather than a grammatical category.
It is, in other words, an inherently relational notion.
We say, in traditional terms, that in (i) sincerity is an NP (not that it is the NP of the sentence), and that it is (functions as) the Subjectof the sentence (not that are to be sharply distinguished from categorial notions such as Noun Phrase, Verb, a distinction that is not to be obscured by the occasional use of the same term for notions of both kinds.
Thus it would merely confuse the issue to attempt to represent to (5I).
This approach is mistaken in two ways.
For one thing, it status to both, and thus fails to express the relational character of the functional notions.
For another, it fails to observe that both (6) and the grammar on which it is based are redundant,
(3), and no new rewriting rules are required to introduce them.
It is necessary only to make explicit the relational character of relation holding between the NP of a sentence of the form relation between the NP of a VP of the form V^NP and the whole VP, etc.
More generally, we can regard any rewriting rule as defining a set of grammatical functions, in this way, only some abstract grammatical categories) have been provided, traditionally, with explicit names. categorial is somewhat masked in such examples as (6), in which there is only a single Subject, a single Object, and a single MainVerb.
In this case, the relational information can be supplied. intuitively, by the reader.
But consider such sentences as (7), in In (7a), John is simultaneously Objectof persuade (to leave) and Subjectof leave; in (7b), John is simultaneously Objectof persuade (to be examined) and Objectof examine; in (7c), John is simultaneously Objectof disturb, Objectof regard (as incompetent), and Subjectof the predication as incompetent.
In both (7a) and (jb), Bill is the (logical) Subjectof the Sentence, rather than John, which is the socalled grammatical Subjectof the Sentence, that is, the Subject with respect to the surface structure (cf. note 32).
In such cases as these, the impossibility of different from the surface structure.
Examples of this sort, of course, provide the primary motivation and empirical justification for the theory of transformational grammar.
That is, each sentence of (7) will have a basis consisting of a sequence of base
Phrasemarkers, each of which represents some of the semantically relevant information concerning grammatical function.
Returning now to the main question, let us consider the in an explicit and adequate way, restricting ourselves now to base Phrasemarkers.
To develop a uniform approach to this question, we may proceed as follows.
Suppose that we have a sequence of rewriting rules, such as (5), including in particular the rule where B is a category and X = YBZ, for some Y, Z (possibly null).7 Given a Phrasemarker of the terminal string W, we say that the substring U of W bears the grammatical relation [B, A] to the substring V of W if V is dominated by a node labeled A which directly dominates YBZ, and U is dominated by this (3) generated by the rules (5), we should have the result that sincerity bears the relation [NP, S] to sincerity may frighten the boy, frighten the boy bears the relation [VP, S] to sincerity may frighten the boy, the boy bears the relation [NP, VP] to frighten the boy, and frighten bears the relation [V, VP] to frighten the In this case, we can now say that with respect to the Phrasemarker (3) generated by the rules (5), sincerity is the Subjectof the sentence sincerity may frighten the boy and frighten the boy is its Predicate; and the boy is the DirectObjectof the Verb Phrase frighten the boy and frighten is its MainVerb.
With representation (6) is derivable directly from (3), that is, from the grammar (5) itself.
These definitions must be thought of as belonging to general linguistic theory; in other words, they form part of the general procedure for assigning a full structural description to a sentence, given a grammar (the procedure / of In such examples as (7), the grammatical functions will also be given directly by the system of rewriting rules that generate the of the surface structures in these cases.
For example (details aside), the basis for (7a) will contain base Phrasemarkers for the strings Bill persuaded John Sentence, John left, and these base
Phrasemarkers present the semantically relevant functional information exactly as in the case of (3).
Notice that the same grammatical function may be defined by several different rewriting rules of the base.
Thus suppose that Then Subjectof is defined by both (i) and (ii), so that John is Subjectof the sentences accompanying both (i) and (ii); Objectof is defined by both (iii) and (v), so that Bill is the Objectof the Verb Phrases given as examples to both (iii) and (v); MainVerbof is defined by (iii), (iv), and (v), so that examine, leave, persuade are the MainVerbs of the accompanying examples.
But notice that President is not the Objectof John is President, if the rules are as in (12).
It is definitions of this sort that were presupposed in the discussion of persuade and expect in Chapter 1, § 4. depends on the assumption that the symbols S, NP, VP, N, and V have been characterized as grammatical universals.
We shall return to this question later.
Quite apart from this, it is likely that these definitions are too restricted to serve as general explications they assume too narrow a substantive specification of the form of grammar.
They can be generalized in various ways, but I do not, at the moment, see any strong empirical motivation for one or another specific extension or refinement (but see § 2.3.4).
In any event, these questions aside, it is clear that information (aii) can be extracted directly from the rewriting rules of the base, without any necessity for ad hoc extensions and elaborations of these rules to provide specific mention of grammatical defect of failing to express properly the relational character of the functional notions and are thus useless in all but the simplest in (aii).
Thus it is still necessary to define grammatical relations of the sort that hold between sincerity and frighten (SubjectVerb) and between frighten and the boy (VerbObject) in (t).
Such relations can be defined derivatively in terms of the functional notions suggested earlier.
Thus SubjectVerb can be defined as the relation between the Subjectof a Sentence and VerbObject can be defined as the relation between the MainVerbof and the DirectObjectof a VP.
However, there is still something missing in this account.
Thus we have no basis, as yet, as easily in the same terms.
Traditional grammar seems to define the paired categories.
Thus the choice of MainVerb is determined by the choice of Subject and Object, though Subject and Object are in general chosen independently of one another and, question holding between them.
I shall defer the discussion of selectional relations until § 4.2, and at that point we can return to the question of grammatical relations.
But in any event, it is fairly clear that nothing essentially new is involved here beyond In summary, then, it seems unnecessary to extend the system of directly from Phrasemarkers that are generated by simple rewriting rules such as (5) and (12).
This information is already rules.
Representations such as (6) and new or elaborated rewriting rules to generate them are unnecessary, as well as misleading and inappropriate.
Finally, I should like to call attention, once again, to the fact notions are possible, and that it is important to find empirical motivation for such improvements.
For example, the characterization might be sharpened somewhat in terms of several notions that will be useful later on.
Suppose again that we have a base grammar consisting of a sequence of rewriting rules, and that (as in (5)) we have distinguished lexical rules (such as (5II)), which introduce lexical formatives, from the others.
We shall see later that this distinction is formally quite clearly marked.
A category that appears on the left in a lexical rule we shall call a lexical category; a lexical category or a category that dominates a string •X, where X is a lexical category, we shall call a major category.
Thus in the grammar (5), the categories N, V, and M are lexical categories,9 and all categories except Det (and possibly M and Aux — see note 9) are major categories.
It would, then, be in accord with traditional usage to limit the functional notions to major categories.
We shall consider a further refinement in the final paragraph of § 2.3.4. § 2.3.7.
The problem.
Information of the sort presented in (2iii) raises several difficult and rather vexing questions.
First, it is not obvious to what extent this information should be provided by the syntactic component at all.
Second, it is an interesting question whether or to what extent semantic considerations are relevant in determining such subcategorizations as they are often confused.
They are connected only in that if the basis for making the distinctions is purely syntactic, then surely of the grammar.
We might call these the questions of presentation and justification, respectively.
As far as the question of justification is concerned, a linguist with a serious interest in semantics will presumably attempt to deepen and extend syntactic analysis to the point where it can for the moment, no other available proposal as to a semantic basis for making the necessary distinctions.
Of course, it is an open question whether this attempt can succeed, even in part.
I shall be concerned here only with the question of presentation of information of the sort given in (aiii).
I am assuming throughout that the semantic component of a generative grammar, like the phonological component, is purely interpretive.
It must be presented in the syntactic component of the grammar (but cf.
Chapter 4, § 1.2).
Some of the problems involved in such as those of (2iii) is beyond the scope of the present discussion, it may nevertheless be useful to touch on it briefly.
What is at stake, essentially, is the status of such expressions as It is obvious to anyone who knows English that these expressions The distinction between (13) and (14) is not at issue, and clearly must be accounted for somehow by an adequate theory of sentence interpretation (a descriptively adequate grammar).
The expressions of (13) deviate in some manner (not necessarily all in the same manner) from the rules of English.10 If interpretable at all, they are surely not interpretable in the manner of the corresponding sentences of (14).
Rather, it seems that interpretations are imposed on them by virtue of analogies that they There are fairly clearcut cases of violation of purely syntactic (ii) both of Johns parents are married to aunts of mine (iii) Im memorizing the score of the sonata I hope to compose some day (iv) that ice cube that you finally managed to melt just (v) I knew you would come, but I was wrong The examples of (13), however, have a borderline character, and it is much less clear how their aberrant status is to be explained.
In other words, we must face the problem of determining to what extent the results and methods of syntactic or of semantic analysis can be extended to account for the deviance and interpretation of these expressions.
It goes without saying that the same answer may not be appropriate in all of these cases, and provide the answer in some particular case.
In fact, it should not be taken for granted, necessarily, that syntactic and semantic Several suggestions have been made as to how syntactic considerations can provide a subclassification of the appropriate along various dimensions, and concrete proposals involve techniques of subclassifying based on distributional similarities.
Although these notions have been advanced only very tentatively, it seems to me that they have some plausibility.11 The only suggestion as to possible semantic grounds for these distinctions has absolutes — that in each case, the deviance is attributable to of the semantic component of any generative grammar.
It is possible that this is the right answer; furthermore, there is no In any case, what is needed is a systematic account of how application of the devices and methods appropriate to unequivocal cases can be extended and deepened to provide a basis for explaining the status of such expressions as those of (13), and an account of how an ideal listener might assign an interpretation to such sentences, where possible, presumably on the basis of analogy to nondeviant cases.
These are real and important questions.
A descriptively adequate grammar must account for such theory that aims for explanatory adequacy must show how such a grammar can develop on the basis of data available to the
semantic basis for syntax make no contribution to the understanding of these questions.
Proceeding now from the question of justification to the question of presentation, we must determine how a grammar can provide structural descriptions that will account for such phenomena as those exemplified.
A priori there is no way to decide whether the burden of presentation should fall on the syntactic or semantic component of the generative grammar.
If the former, we must design the syntactic component so that it does not provide for the sentences of (13) directly, but assigns them Phrasemarkers only by virtue of their structural similarities to such perfectly wellformed sentences as those of (14), perhaps in the manner described in the references in note 11.
Thus the syntactic component will operate in terms of selectional restrictions involving such categories as animateness and abstractness, and will characterize (13!), for example, as a string generated only by accounting for these facts, we can allow the syntactic component to generate the sentences of (14) as well as those of (13), with no such a way that rules of the semantic component will determine the incongruity of the sentences of (13) and the manner in which they can be interpreted (if at all).
Either way, we face a welldefined problem, and it is reasonably clear how to proceed to examine it.
I shall, for the present, accept the position of the references of note 11, assuming that the notion scale of gramdistinction should be made between (13) and (14) by rules of the syntactic component, and that the sentences of (13) are assigned Phrasemarkers only by relaxation of certain syntactic conditions.
Later on, I shall try to indicate the precise point at which this decision affects the form of the syntactic component, § 2.5.2.
Some formal similarities between syntax and phonology.
Consider now how information of the sort given in (2iii) can be presented in explicit rules.
Note that this information concerns subcategorization rather than branching (that is, analysis of a category into a sequence of categories, as when S is analyzed formatives as members.
Hence, we are dealing with a rather restricted part of grammatical structure, and it is important to bear this in mind in exploring appropriate means for presenting rewriting rules of the type described in § 2.2, and this was the Matthews, in the course of his work on a generative grammar of German in 19571958, pointed out that this assumption was incorrect and that rewriting rules are not the appropriate device to in English are either Proper (John, Egypt) or Common (boy, rules involving choice of Relative Pronoun) to the Human/nonHuman distinction.
But if the subcategorization is given by rewriting rules, then one or the other of these distinctions will have to dominate, and the other will be unstatable in the natural way.
Thus if we decide to take Proper/Common as the major Modal.
In this system, although we can easily state a rule that applies only to Proper Nouns or only to Common Nouns, a rule that applies to Human Nouns must be stated in terms of the indicates that a generalization is being missed, since this rule would now be no simpler or better motivated than, for example, Abstract Nouns.
As the depth of the analysis increases, problems of this sort mount to the point where they indicate a serious inadequacy in a grammar that consists only of rewriting rules.
Nor is this particular difficulty overcome, as many others are, Formally, this problem is identical to one that is familiar on the level of phonology.
Thus phonological units are also crossclassified, with respect to phonological rules.
There are, for example, rules that apply to voiced consonants [b], [z], but not to unvoiced consonants [p], [s], and there are other rules that apply to continuants [s], [z], but not to stops [p], [b], and so on.
For this reason it is necessary to regard each phonological unit as a set of features, and to design the phonological component in such a way that each rule applies to all segments containing a suggests itself in the case of the syntactic problem that we are now facing, and it is this method of dealing with the problem Before we turn to the use of features on the syntactic level, let us review briefly the operation of the phonological component (cf.
Halle, 1959a, 1959b, 1962a, 1964, for discussion of this question).
Each lexical formative is represented as a sequence of segments, each segment being a set of features.
In other words, matrix in which the columns stand for successive segments, and the rows for particular features.
An entry in the ith column and ;th row of such a matrix indicates how the itb segment is specified with respect to the ;th feature.
A particular entry may indicate that the segment in question is unspecified with respect to the feature in question, or that it is positively specified with respect to this feature, or that it is negatively specified with respect to this feature.
We say that two segments are distinct just in case one is positively specified with respect to a feature with respect to which the other is negatively specified, and, more generally, that two matrices with the same number of columns are distinct if the Jth segment of one is distinct in this sense from the fth segment is a phonological rule, where A, Z, X, and Y are matrices, and A and Z are, furthermore, segments (matrices with just a single column).
This is the typical form of a phonological rule.
We shall say that the rule (18) is applicable to any string WXAYV, where X, A, Y are matrices with the same number of columns as X, A, Y, respectively, and XAY is not distinct from XAY (actually, qualifications are necessary that do not concern us here — cf.
Halle and Chomsky, forthcoming, for discussion).
The rule where Z is the segment consisting of the feature specifications of Z together with all feature specifications of A for features with As an illustration of some of these notions, consider this This will convert [sm] into [zm], [fd] into [vd], [8g] into [zg], etc., but it will not affect [st] or [pd], for example.14 These conventions (which can be simplified and generalized in ways that do not concern us here) allow us to apply rules to any class of segments specified by a given combination of features, and thus to make use of the cross classification of segments provided by the feature These notions can be adapted without essential change to the at the same time, contributing to the general unity of grammatical theory.
Each lexical formative will have associated with it a set of syntactic features (thus boy will have the syntactic representing lexical categories (N, V, etc.) will be analyzed by the rules into complex symbols, each complex symbol being a set of specified syntactic features, just as each phonological segment is a set of specified phonological features.
For example, we We interpret rule (2oi) as asserting that the symbol N in a line of a derivation is to be replaced by one of the two complex symbols (2oii) asserts that any complex symbol Q that is already specified as [fCommon] is to be replaced by the complex symbol containing all of the features of Q along with either the feature specification f+Count] or [—Count].
The same is true of the other The total effect of the rules (20) can be represented by the labeled by a feature, and the lines are labeled + or —.
Each maximal path corresponds to a category of lexical items; an element of this category has the feature [aF] (a = + or —) if and only if one of the lines constituting this path is labeled a and descends from a node labeled F.
Typical members of the categories defined by (20) are given at the terminal points of (21).
A system of complex symbol rules need not be representable by a branching diagram of this sort.
For example, the categories defined by the rules (20) are also denned by the rules (22), but If we were to require representability in a branching diagram as a formal condition on these rules, then (22) would be excluded.
In this case, the rules could just as well be presented in the form (21) as the form (20).
In any event, with rules of this sort that § 2.5.5.
General structure of the base component.
We now presented earlier, and exemplified by (5), in the following way.
In addition to rewriting rules that apply to category symbols such as (20) that apply to symbols for lexical categories and that syntactic features).
The grammar will now contain no rules such as those of (5II) that introduce the formatives belonging to lexical categories.
Instead, the base of the grammar will contain a lexicon, which is simply an unordered list of all lexical formatives.
More precisely, the lexicon is a set of lexical entries, each lexical entry being a pair (D, C), where D is a phonological and C is a collection of specified syntactic features (a complex and complex symbols.
Such a string we call a pretcrminal string.
A terminal string is formed from a preterminal string by insertion of a lexical formative in accordance with the following lexical If Q is a complex symbol of a preterminal string and (D, C) is a lexical entry, where C is not distinct from Q, then Q can We now extend the fundamental notion is a that relates strings to categories (for example, the boy is an NP in (3)) in the following way.
We say that in the terminal string formed by replacing the complex symbol Q by the formative D of the lexical entry (D, C), the formative D is an [aF] (equivalently, is dominated by [aF]) if [<xF] is part of the complex symbol Q or the complex symbol C, where a is either + or — and F is a feature (but cf. note 15).
We also extend the general notion Phrasemarker in such a way that the Phrasemarker of a terminal string also contains the new information.
With this extension, a Phrasemaker can naturally no longer be represented by a treediagram, as before, since it has an additional dimension at the level of may frighten the boy (=(i)).
Instead of the grammar (5) we now have a grammar containing the branching rules (5I), which I repeat here as (23), along with the subcategorization rules (20), repeated as (24), and containing a lexicon with the entries (25).
It is to be understood, here and later on, that the italicized items We shall have more to say about these rules and lexical entries where Q is the complex symbol into which V is analyzed by rules that we shall discuss directly.
The lexical rule (which, since it is perfectly general, need not be stated in any grammar — in other words, it constitutes part of the definition of derivation) now allows us to insert sincerity for the first complex symbol and boy for the last complex symbol of (26) and, as we shall see, to insert frighten for Q (and may for M — cf. note 9).
Except for the case of frighten, the information about the sentence (1) that is given in (2) is now explicitly provided in full by the Phrasemarker generated by the grammar consisting of the rules (23), (24), and the lexicon (25).
We might represent this Phrasemarker in the form shown in (27).
If the lexicon includes adin (26), this information will also appear in the Phrasemarker, represented in terms of features that appear in the Phrasemarker in a position dominated by the lexical categories N and Given this Phrasemaker, we can derive all of the information categories, in terms of the relation is a; and the functional information (2ii) is derivable from the Phrasemarker in the We shall return in Chapter 4, § 2 to questions concerning the proper formulation of lexical entries.
However, we can see immediately that separating the lexicon from the system of rewriting rules has quite a number of advantages.
For one thing, many of the grammatical properties of formatives can now be features with lexical formatives, and thus need not be represented in the rewriting rules at all.
In particular, morphological properties of various kinds can be treated in this way — for example, functioning of the rules of the base and are, furthermore, highly they are excluded from the rewriting rules and listed in lexical (2iii), notice that it is now unnecessary to use rewriting rules to classify Transitive Verbs into those that do and those that do for read, eat, on the one hand, and frighten, keep, on the other, will differ in specification for the particular syntactic feature of Object deletion, which is not mentioned in the rewriting rules at all.
The transformational rule that deletes Objects will now be applicable only to those words positively specified with respect to this feature, this information now being contained in the Phrasemarker of the strings in which these words appear.
Any attempt to construct a careful grammar will quickly reveal that can be effected in these ways will certainly be substantial.
In general, all properties of a formative that are essentially idiosyncratic will be specified in the lexicon.18 In particular, the lexical entry must specify: (a) aspects of phonetic structure that are not predictable by general rule (for example, in the case of bee, the phonological matrix of the lexical entry will specify that the first segment is a voiced labial stop and the second an acute vowel, but it will not specify the degree of aspiration of the stop or the fact that the vowel is voiced, tense, and unrounded);17 rules (as the example of the preceding paragraph, and many others); (c) properties of the formative that are relevant for a lexical formative can be inserted (by the lexical rule) in a preterminal string.
In short, it contains information that is required by the phonological and semantic components of the grammar and by the transformational part of the syntactic component of the grammar, as well as information that determines the proper placement of lexical entries in sentences, and hence, by implication, the degree and manner of deviation of strings that are not directly generated (see § 2.3.1 and Chapter 4, § 1.1). constitute a welldefined set, in a given grammar.
A feature belongs to this set just in case it is not referred to by any rule of the phonological or syntactic component.
This may be important for the theory of semantic interpretation.
See Katz It is important to observe that the base system no longer is, strictly speaking, a phrase structure (constituent structure) grammar.
As described informally in § 2.3.1 and more carefully in the references cited there, a phrase structure grammar consists of an unordered set of rewriting rules, and assigns a structural description that can be represented as a treediagram with nodes labeled by symbols of the vocabulary.
This theory formalizes a conception of linguistic structure that is substantive and interesting, and that has been quite influential for at least half a century, namely the taxonomic view that syntactic structure is determined exclusively by operations of segmentations and classification (see § 2.3.1; Postal, 1964a; and Chomsky, 1964).
Of course, we have already departed from this theory by assuming that the rewriting rules apply in a prescribed sequence to generate a restricted set of (base) strings, rather than freely to generate the full set of actual sentences.
This modification restricted the role and the separate treatment of the lexicon just suggested is again an essential revision.
These modifications affect the strong generative capacity of the theory.
It is no longer true that a Phrasemarker can be represented as a labeled treediagram, where each label stands for a category of strings.
Furthermore, the conventions for the use of complex symbols in effect allow the use To see why this is so, notice that a derivation involving only character.
That is, in a derivation consisting of the successive lines <TU ••• , a„ (o~i = #S#; <rn = #ax ••• ak#, where each at is a terminal or nonterminal symbol of the vocabulary on which the grammar is based), the rules that can be applied to form the next line crn+i are independent of cr\, •••, o~„_i and depend completely on the string ov A grammatical transformation, on the other hand, typically applies to a string with a particular structural description.
Thus application of such a rule to the last line of a derivation depends in part on earlier lines.
A grammatical transformation is, in other words, a rule that applies to Phrasemarkers rather than to strings in the terminal and nonterminal in the strings that constitute a derivation and were to allow the rewriting rules to refer to these symbols.
We should now have a kind of transformational grammar, and we should have entirely Miller, 1963, § 6), though not for the transformational rules of symbols, aspects of the earlier steps of a derivation can also be carried along to later steps, just as in the case of the notation for brackets in lines of a derivation; and, to some extent, global symbols and carried along in derivations until the point of to complex symbols are, in effect, transformational rules, and a symbols to appear at any point in a derivation, rather than only in lexical categories — see note 4).
This fact, of course, has no bearing on the observation that such a theory is no longer a yet considered how the category V is analyzed into a complex symbol.
Thus suppose that we have the grammar (23)(25).
We must still give rules to determine whether a V may or may not be transitive, and so on, and must add to the lexicon appropriate entries for individual verbal formatives.
It would not do simply to add to the grammar the rule (28), analogous to The problem is that an occurrence of the category symbol V can be replaced by a complex symbol containing the feature
[+Transitive] just in case it is in the environment — NP.
Similarly, the Verb can be positively specified for the feature • • • — ; and it can be positively specified for the feature [AnimateObject] just in case it is in the environment— ••• [+Animate]; and so on, in the case of all of those lexical features that are involved in the statement of contextual restrictions.
Hence, the be introduced by rewriting rules that are restricted with respect to context, as distinct from the contextfree rules (22) that subcategorize Nouns.19 As a first approximation, we might consider rules of the We can now introduce the standard conventions for expressing generalizations in the case of contextsensitive rewriting rules such as (4), (29), (30) (cf., for example, Chomsky, 1957, Appendix; cf. § 7, Chapter 1, for discussion of the role of these and other familiar related conventions.
These allow us to restate It is immediately apparent that the rules (33) and (34), though when we observe that alongside of (34) there are many other rules of the same kind; and that alongside of (33) there are rules example, in such environments as: — Adjective [e.g., grow (old), PredicateNominal [look (like a nice person), act (like a fool)], — S [think (that he will come), believe (it to be unlikely)], where S is a variant of a sentence, — NPS [persuade (John that it is we have so far developed still does not permit us to state the actual processes at work in determining the form of sentences.
In the present case, there is a large set of rules (of which (34) mentions just four) that, in effect, assign features of the Subject and Object to the Verb, somewhat in the manner of ordinary rules of agreement in many languages; and there are also many rules (of which (33) presents just two) that impose a subclassification on the category Verb in terms of the set of frames in which this category appears at the stage of a derivation where it is to be terms of the schema for grammatical description so far developed, an inadequacy that reveals itself in the redundancy and clumsiness of the systems of rules of which (33) and (34) are samples.
Our present difficulty can be seen clearly by comparing the where F^ and F2 are certain syntactic features.
Rules such as (34) systematically select the Verb in terms of the choice of Subject and Object, whereas the rules (35) determine the subcategorization of Verbs in some essentially haphazard way in terms of choice of Subject and Object.
However, the system (34) is not, in our present terms, more highly valued than (35); in fact, the opposite would be true in this case if the familiar notational conventions are applied to evaluate these systems.
In other words, shown to be inadequate (in this case, at the level of explanatory Let us consider how a more natural and revealing expression of these processes can be developed.
Observe that the feature indicating occurrence in the environment — NP.
A more expressive notation would be simply the symbol  — NP itself.20 Generalizing, let us allow certain features to be designated in the form [X — Y], where X and Y are strings (perhaps null) of us regard Transitive Verbs as positively specified for the contextual feature [ — NP], preAdjectival Verbs such as grow, feel, as positively specified for the contextual feature [ — Adjective], and so on.
We then have a general rule of subcategorization to the effect that a Verb is positively specified with respect to the contextual feature associated with the context in which it occurs.
The notation introduced in (35) allows us to express the fact that a set of frames in which the symbol A occurs imposes a corresponding subclassification on A, with one subdivision corresponding to each listed context.
Thus in the case of Verb subclassification, we shall have, instead of (33), the rule (40), as a and so on.22 The rules (40) supplemented by the lexicon (41) will permit such expressions as John eats food, a week elapsed, John grew a beard, John grew, John grew sad, John became sad, John became president, John seems sad, John seems like a nice fellow, John looked, John looked at Bill, John looks sad, John looks like a nice fellow, John believes me, John believes that it is unlikely, John persuaded Bill that we should leave, John persuaded We see that with a slight extension of conventional notations the systematic use of complex symbols permits a fairly simple and informative statement of one of the basic processes of subclassification.
We can use the same notational device to express the kinds of assign features of the Subject and Object to the Verb.
Thus we where now [[+Abstract] Aux — ] is the feature denoted in (34) as shows in what respect a system of rules such as (34), but not (35), The rules of (40) and (42) analyze a category into a complex symbol in terms of the frame in which this category appears.
The rules differ in that in the case of (40) the frame is stated in terms of category symbols, whereas in the case of (42) the frame is stated in terms of syntactic features.
Rules such as (40), which analyze a symbol in terms of its categorial context, I shall henceforth call strict subcategorization rules.
Rules such as (42), which analyze a features of the frames in which it appears, I shall call selectional respect to both their form and function, and that consequently In the case of both the strict subcategorization rules (40) and that are not yet expressed.
Consider first the case of (40).
This set of rules imposes a categorization on the symbol V in terms of a certain set of frames in which V occurs.
It fails to express the fact that every frame in which V appears, in the VP, is relevant to the strict subcategorization of V, and the further fact that no frame which is not part of the VP is relevant to the strict subcategorization of V.
Thus the symbol VP will dominate such and so on.
Corresponding to each such string dominated by VP, there is a strict subcategorization of Verbs.
On the other hand, Verbs are not strictly subcategorized in terms of types of Subject NPs or type of Auxiliary, apparently.23 This observation suggests that at a certain point in the sequence of base (44) V > CS/ — a, where a is a string such that Va is a VP determines strict categorization of Verbs in terms of the set of We have now discussed the problem of formulating the generalizations that actually underlie the strict subcategorization rules (40), and have presented informally a device that would rules, of which (42) presents a sample.
Here too it is evident that expressed in the rules as given in this form.
Thus the rules (42) do not make use of the fact that every syntactic feature of the rules is called for so that the evaluation measure will operate correctly.
In this case, the most natural way to formulate the (45) [+V] > CS/ {^0^ 1 where a is an N, a being a variable ranging over specified features.
We interpret these schemata as abbreviating the sequence of all rules derived from (45) by replacing a by a symbol meeting the stated condition, namely dominance by N (with some ordering that is apparently inconsequential).
The rules abbreviated by the schemata (45) assert, simply, that each feature of the preceding and following Noun is assigned to the Verb and determines an appropriate selectional subclassification of it.
Thus if the rule (45) appears in the sequence of base rules after the rules (20), then each of the lexical features that was introduced by the rules of (20) would The rule schemata (44) and (45) deal with a situation in which an element (in this case, the Verb) is subcategorized in terms of the contexts in which this element appears, where these contexts all meet some syntactic condition.
In all cases, an important merely listed.
The theory of grammar would fail to express the fact that a grammar is obviously more highly valued if subcategorization is determined by a set of contexts that is syntactiis suggested by the examples just given.
A precise account of At the conclusion of § 2.3.3 we pointed out that a system of rewriting rules that makes use of complex symbols is no longer a phrase structure grammar (though it does not differ from such a grammar in weak generative capacity), but rather is more rule schemata (44) and (45) take on the character of transformational rules even more clearly.
Rules of this type are essentially A » CS/X — Y, where XA Y is analyzable as Zlt • • , Zn, where the expression X is analyzable as Yv •••, Yn means that X can be segmented into X = Xx ••• Xn in such a way that X4 is dominated by Yt, in the Phrasemarker of the derivation predicate in terms of which the theory of transformational grammar is developed (see Chomsky, 1955, 1956, and many other references).
Thus, for example, we can often restate the rules in question with the use of labeled brackets (regarding these as carried along in the course of a derivation), or by allowing complex symbols to appear at arbitrary points of a derivation, with certain features being carried over to certain of the descendants of a particular category symbol in the manner of Matthewss system referred to in note 13, or in various other Along with a lexicon, then, the base component of the grammar contains: (i) rewriting rules that typically involve branching rule schemata that involve only lexical categories, except in the rules (i) are ordinary phrase structure rules, but the rules (ii) are transformational rules of an elementary sort.
One might, in fact, suggest that even the rules (i) must be replaced, in part, by rule schemata that go beyond the range of phrase structure rules Miller, 1963, p. 298, Chomsky and Schiitzenberger, 1963, p. 133, where such operations as conjunction are discussed in terms of a framework of this sort), or by local transformations (cf. note 18).
In short, it has become clear that it was a mistake, in the first place, to suppose that the base component of a transformational grammar should be strictly limited to a system of phrase structure rules, although such a system does play a fundamental role as a subpart of the base component.
In fact, its role is that of deep structure and that therefore determine the semantic interpretation of a sentence.
The descriptive power of the base component is greatly enriched by permitting transformational rules; consequently, it is important to see what limitations can be imposed on their use — that is, to see to what extent freedom to use such devices it seems that there are indeed heavy restrictions.
Thus the strict by the symbol VP, and there are also obvious restrictions (to which we return in § 4.2) involved in the use of selectional rules.
Putting these aside for the moment, let us continue with the The symbol V is introduced by rules of the form: VP •> V •••, and it is frames dominated by VP that determine strict subcategorization of Verbs.
This suggests that we impose the following general condition on strict subcategorization rules: each such A •> CS/a — /3, where aA(3 is a cr, where, furthermore, cr is the category symbol that appears on the left in the rule cr » ••• A ••• that introduces A.
Thus (47), transformations, would be what we have called a local transformation.
Cf. note 18.
The italicized condition guarantees that of note 18.
If this condition of strict local subcategorization is adopted as a general condition on the form of grammar, then the strict subcategorization rules can simply be given in the form the rest being supplied automatically by a convention.
In other words, the only characteristic of these rules that must be explicitly indicated in the grammar is their position in the sequence of rules.
This position fixes the set of frames that determine subcategorization.
Suppose that the rule that introduces Nouns into the grammar In this case, we should expect strict subcategorization of Nouns into the categories [Det — S], [Det — ], [ — S], and [ — ] (continuing with the notational conventions for features introduced earlier).
The category [Det — S] is the category of Nouns with sentential Complements (such as the idea that he might succeed, the fact that he was guilty, the opportunity for him to leave, the habit of working hard — the latter involving a
The category [Det — ] is simply the category of Common Nouns.
The category [ — ] is the category of Proper Nouns, that is, Nouns with no Determiner (or, as in the case of The Hague, The Nile, with a fixed Determiner that may just as well be taken as part of the Noun itself, rather than as part of a freely and independently selected Determiner system).26 If this is correct, then the Proper/Common distinction is strict subcategorial, and does not fall together with the other features introduced in (20).
The category [ — S] is not realized in so obvious a way as the others.
Perhaps one should utilize this category to account it of such sentences as it strikes me that he had no choice, it surprised me that he left, it is obvious that the attempt must fail, which derive from underlying strings with NPs of the form: (^Sentence (the Sentence Complement either being separated from it by a transformation, as in the examples cited, or substituting for it by a strictly local transformation in the manner described in note 18). further consequence of accepting the general condition suggested in connection with (47).
It is well known that in VerbPrepositionalPhrase constructions one can distinguish various which may mean he chose the boat or he made his decision while on the boat.
Both kinds of phrase appear in that is, he chose the boat while on the train.
Clearly, the which, like a Time Adverbial, has no particular connection with the Verb, but in fact modifies the entire Verb Phrase or perhaps the entire sentence.
It can, in fact, be optionally preposed to the in close construction to the Verb, cannot — that is, the sentence on the train, he decided is unambiguous.
There are many other examples of the same kind (for example, he worked at the office versus he worked at the job; he laughed at ten oclock versus he laughed at the clown; he ran after dinner versus he ran after John).
Clearly, Time and Place Adverbials can occur quite freely with various types of Verb Phrase, on the that we modify slightly the first several rules of the base, replacing them by as strictly subcategorizing Verbs with respect to all contexts introduced in the second part of rule (iii) and in rule (iv).
It will follow, then, that Verbs are subcategorized with respect respect to those introduced by (5oii) — namely, the Place and Time that might, in fact, be in part more closely associated with the Auxiliary (cf. note 23) or with Sentence Adverbials which form a not with respect to Verb Phrase Complements.
That this is essentially the case is clear from the examples given.
To illustrate, once again, in connection with the four types of Adverbials listed in (52iv), we have such phrases as (53), but not (54):27 Similarly, the italicized phrases in he argued with John (about politics), he aimed (the gun) at John, he talked about Greece, he ran after John, he decided on a new course of action, and so on, are of types that induce a subcategorization of Verbs, whereas the italicized phrases in John died in England, John played Othello in England, John always runs after dinner, and so on, do not play a role in Verb subcategorization, since they are introduced by a rule (namely (52H)) the lefthand symbol of which does not directly dominate V.
Similarly, the other contexts introduced in (52m) will play a some that do not — for example: resemble, have, marry (in the sense of John married Mary, not the preacher married John and Mary, which does take Manner Adverbials freely); fit (in the sense of the suit fits me, not the tailor fitted me, which does take Manner Adverbials freely); cost, weigh (in the sense of the car weighed two tons, not John weighed the letter, which does take Manner Adverbials freely); and so on.
The Verbs that do not take Manner Adverbials freely Lees has called middle Verbs (Lees, tg6oa, p. 8), and he has also observed that do not undergo the passive transformation.
Thus we do not have John is resembled by Bill, a good book is had by John, John was married by Mary, I am fitted by the suit, ten dollars is cost by this book, two tons is weighed by this car, and so on (although of course John was married by Mary is acceptable in the sense of John was married by the preacher, and we can have I was fitted by the tailor, the letter was weighed by have as one of its realizations a dummy element signifing that we may have the rule (55) as a rewriting rule of the base and may formulate the passive transformation so as to apply to strings of the form (56), with an elementary transformation that substitutes the first NP for the dummy element passive and places the second NP in the position of the first NP: NP — Aux — V — • • • — NP — • • • — by^passive — • • • (where the leftmost ••• in (56) requires further specification — 1957).
First of all, it accounts automatically for the restriction of is, a Verb will appear in the frame (56) and thus undergo the passive transformation only if it is positively specified, in the in which case it will also take Manner Adverbials freely.
Second, with this formulation it is possible to account for the derived Phrasemarker of the passive by the rules for substitution transformations.
This makes it possible to dispense entirely with an ad hoc rule of derived constituent structure that, in fact, was pp. 7374).
Third, it is now possible to account for pseudopassives, such as the proposal was vehemently argued against, the new course of action was agreed on, John is looked up to by everyone, by a slight generalization of the ordinary passive passives.
Thus everyone looks up to John by passive meets the condition (56), with John as the second NP, and it will be converted into John is looked up to by everyone by the same elementary transformation that forms John was seen by everyone from everyone saw John.
In the earlier formulation (cf.
Chomsky, 1955, Chapter IX), it was necessary to treat pseudopassives by a new transformation.
The reason was that V of (56) had to be limited to transitive Verbs, for the ordinary passive resemble, etc.
But if passivization is determined by a Manner Adverbial, as just suggested, then V in (56) can be quite free, and can be an intransitive as well as a transitive Verb.
Thus John is looked up to and John was seen are formed by the same rule despite the fact that only in the latter case is John the DirectObject of the deep structure.
Notice, however, that the Adverbial introduced by (52ii) is not subject to the passive transformation as defined by (56), since it will follow the Adverbial by^passive.
This accounts for the fact that we can have this job is being worked at quite seriously where at this job is a VerbComplement introduced by (52m), but not the office is being worked at from UnspecifiedSubject is working at the office, where the phrase at the office is a Manner Adverbial.
Similarly, we can have the boat was decided on in the sense of he chose the boat, but not in the sense of he decided while on the boat.
Thus the passive sentence ambiguous.
Many other facts can be explained in the same way.
The fact that we are able, in this way, to account for the nonambiguity of the boat was decided on by John as contrasted with the ambiguity of John decided on the boat, along for the proposal (cf. p. 99) that strict subcategorization rules be while to trace through the argument again to see why this is so. certain categories must be internal to the VP and others must be external to it.
One of the elements that must be internal to the
VP, in accordance with this principle, is the marker for passivization, since it plays a role in strict subcategorization of the Verb. presence of the Manner Adverbial, which is internal to the VP by it follows that NPs in VPComplements are not subject to subject to this operation.
In particular, where on the boat is a chose the boat), it is subject to pseudopassivization by the passive transformation; but where on the boat is a VPComplement in John decided on the boat (meaning John decided while he was on the boat, equivalently, on the boat, John decided), it is not subject to pseudopassivization since it does not meet the condition (56).
Therefore, observing that the boat was decided on by John is unambiguous and means only that John chose the boat, we conclude that the premise of this argument — namely the assumption that strict subcategorization is limited to strictly local transformations — has empirical notions proposed in § 2.2 (cf. (11)) be slightly altered.
Thus we might perhaps define the notion Predicateof as [PredicatePhrase, S] rather than as [VP, S].
This revised formulation of the rules, incidentally, illustrates another property of the traditional functional notions.
We observed in § 2.2 that these notions are defined only for what we called major categories.
Furthermore, it seems that they are defined only for those major categories A that appear in rules of the form X » •••ABor X •* •••BA, where B is also a major category.
This seems Let us now summarize this discussion by returning to the original problem, posed in § 1, of presenting structural information of the sort illustrated in (2) of § 1 in a set of rules that are We may now consider a generative grammar with a base [+V] •* CS/aAux — (Det^) ) , where a is an N and (sincerity, [+N, +Det —, — Count, +Abstract, • • •]) Adding the rules that realize Definite as the and nonDefinite as null before a following nonCount Noun, we derive the sentence sincerity may frighten the boy of § 1, with the Phrasemarker (59).
Notice that this fragment of the base is sequential not only all information involving the relation is a, holding between strings and the categories (many of them now represented by features) to which they belong but also the hierarchic relation among these categories that is provided by the rules and the sort specified in (21) and (2iii); and, as we have observed, functional information of the sort specified in (aii) is derivable from this Phrasemarker as well.
If the analysis that we have given is correct, then it is devices of the sort just exhibited that summarized in (2), with one exception, to which we shall turn (59) is fully specified.
There are clearly other syntactic features that must be indicated, and we have given no semantic features in either (58) or (59).
In part, it is clear how these gaps can be filled, but it would be a serious mistake, in this case, to suppose that this is in general merely a question of added detail.
One final comment is necessary in connection with the lexicon (58).
Given a lexical entry (D,C), where D is a phonological feature matrix and C a complex symbol, the lexical rule (cf. p. 84) permits substitution of D for any complex symbol K that is not distinct from C.
Consequently, lexical entries must be which they may not occur.
Thus in (58), for example, boy must be specified as [—V], so as to exclude it from the position of frighten in sincerity may frighten the boy, and not only must frighten be specified as [— N], to exclude it from the position of boy in this sentence, but it must also be specified negatively for the feature [ — Adjective], so as to exclude it from the position of turn in his hair turned gray, and so on.
These negative We can deal with this matter by adopting several additional conventions governing the base component.
First of all, we may assume that a base rule that analyzes the lexical category A into one of the elements of this complex symbol (see (20), § 2.3.2). by convention, contains the feature [—A] for every lexical category A, unless it is explicitly provided with the feature [+A].
Thus in (58), the entry for boy contains [—V], [—Adjective], [—M] (cf. note g).29 Third, in the case of features introduced by the contextual features), we may adopt one of the following (i) list in the lexicon only the features corresponding to frames in which the item in question cannot appear (rather than, as in (58), those corresponding to features in which it can appear) (ii) list only the features corresponding to frames in which the item can appear, as in (58) (in case (i) or case (ii) we add the further convention that an item is specified in the opposite way for every contextual feature not mentioned in its lexical entry) (iii) adopt (i) for the strict subcategorization features and (ii) (iv) adopt (ii) for the strict subcategorization features and (i) for the selectional features.
In any case, the distinctness requirement of the lexical rule will now exclude items from certain concerning valuation of grammar.
Thus (i) is correct if the most highly valued grammar is that in which the distribution of items is least constrained, and (ii) is correct if the most highly valued grammar is that in which the distribution of items is most constrained (similarly, (iii) and (iv)).
For the time being, I have no strong examples to support one or another of these assumptions, and thus prefer to leave the question open.
We The fragment presented in § 3 illustrates the kinds of rules that apparently are to be found in the base component.
There is a fundamental distinction between the rewriting rules (57) and the lexicon (58).
The lexical rule need not be stated in the grammar since it is universal and hence part of the theory of grammar.
Its status is just like that of the principles that define
derivation in terms of a system of rewriting rules, for example.
It thus has the status of a convention determining the interpretation of the grammar, rather than the status of a rule of the grammar.
In terms of the framework of § 6, Chapter 1, we may say that the lexical rule in fact constitutes part of the general, languageindependent definition of the function / of (14W), § 6, Among the rewriting rules of the base component we can distinguish branching rules, such as (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vii), (xvi), (xvii), from subcategorization rules, such as all others of The branching rules are those rules of the form (60) in which neither A nor Z involves any complex symbols.
Thus a branching rule analyzes a category symbol A into a string of (one or more) symbols each of which is either a terminal symbol or a nonterminal category symbol.
A subcategorization rule, on the other hand, introduces syntactic features, and thus forms or extends a rules to lexical categories.
In particular, we have not permitted rules of the form (60) in which A is a complex symbol and Z a terminal or category symbol or a string of more than one symbol.
This restriction may be a bit too severe, and we must apparently weaken it slightly.
See Chapter 4, § 2.
Notice that these two sets has been applied to a certain category symbol o~ no branching rule can be applied to any of the symbols that are derived from cr.
Branching rules and subcategorization rules may be contextfree (such as all of the branching rules of (57) and (x), (xi), (xii),
(xiii), (xviii)) or contextsensitive (such as (vi), (viii), (xiv), (xv)). are, in effect, strictly local transformational rules (cf. p. 99).
These are important facts, to which we return in Chapter 3. subcategorization rules (such as (57V1) and (57viii)), which subcategorize a lexical category in terms of the frame of category symbols in which it appears, and selectional rules (such as (57XW), rules in the sequence of rules constituting the base, but that once a subcategorization rule has applied to form a complex symbol 2, no branching rule can later apply to 2 (but cf.
Chapter 4, § 2).
The same relation apparently holds between may be interspersed in the base, but once a selectional rule has applied to form the complex symbol 2, no strict subcategorization rule applies later to develop 2 further.
So, at least, it appears from the examples that I have considered.
Perhaps this should be imposed as a general, additional condition on the base.
We shall say that a selectional rule, such as (57xiv), (57XV), defines a selectional relation between two positions in a sentence — for example, in the case of (57xiv), the position of the Verb Noun.
Such selectional relations determine grammatical relations, in one of the senses of this traditional term.
We observed earlier that the notion of grammatical function defined in § 2.2 did not yet account for the assignment of the SubjectVerb relation to the pair sincerity, frighten and the VerbObject relation to frighten, boy in sincerity may frighten the boy (=(1)).
The these assertions, given the grammar (57), (58).
The same notion of grammatical relation could, in fact, have been defined in terms of the heads of major categories (cf. § 2.2), but the defininatural and avoids the problem noted on pp. 7374.
With this notion now defined, we have completed the analysis of the informal grammatical statement (2) of § 1.30 Consider now the selectional rules (57xiv), (57XV), which constrain the choice of Verb and Adjective in terms of a free choice of certain features of the Noun (in this case, the Subject and Verb by a contextfree rule, and then to use a selectional rule to which can be replaced by a lexical item such as frighten, lexically marked as allowing an Abstract Subject and an Animate Object.
We must now give a contextsensitive selectional rule to determine the choice of Subject and Object, just as in (57) we gave such a rule to determine the choice of Verb in terms of Subject These rules would assign features of the Verb to the Subject and Object, just as (57xiv) assigned features of the Subject and Object to the Verb.
For example, if the Verb is (62), the Subject Subject] is irrelevant to choice of Object Noun.
Much more serious than this, however, is the fact that a Noun must be marked in the lexicon for the feature [preXSubject] if and only if it is marked for the feature [postXObject], where X is any feature.
That is, the choice of elements for the position Subject of a Verb with Animate Subject is the same as the choice of elements for the position Object of a Verb with Animate Object.
Animate Nouns appear in both positions.
But the feature [Animate] is no longer available for Nouns, only the features [pref [+Animate]Subject] and [post+[+Animate]Object].
Consequently, a mass of perfectly ad hoc rules must be added to the grammar to assign to Nouns and the fact that X occurs in both of them cannot be referred to by a rule of the grammar (unless we complicate the mechanism further by allowing features to have a feature composition themselves).
In short, the decision to choose the complex symbol analysis of Verbs independently and to select Nouns by a selectional rule in terms of Verbs leads to a quite considerable complication of the grammar.
The problems are magnified when we bring into much the same way we can rule out the possibility of allowing We see, then, that within the framework so far developed, there is no alternative to selecting Verbs in terms of Nouns (and, by a similar argument, Adjectives in terms of Nouns), be optimal, in that it involves no more mechanism than is actually forced by the linguistic facts.
One would imagine that a similar argument can be given for any language.
If this is true, it is possible to take another significant step toward a general In § 2.2, I defined lexical category and major category, the latter being a lexical category or a category dominating a lexical categories, we label as Noun the one that is selectionally dominant in the sense that its feature composition is determined by a contextfree subcategorization rule, its features being carried over by selectional rules to other lexical categories.
Among the major categories introduced in the analysis of Sentence, we now designate as NP the one that is analyzed as • • • N • • •.A major category that directly dominates • • • NP • • • we can designate VP, and one that directly dominates VP, we can designate PredicatePhrase.
We can define V in various ways — for example, as the lexical category X that appears in a string •••XNPor •••NPX••• directly dominated by VP (assuming that there can be only one such X) or as the lexical category that may obtain its features from selectional rules involving two or more Ns (if transitivity is a category that is universally realized).
One might now go on to attempt to characterize other lexical, major, and nonmajor categories in general terms.
To the extent that we can do this, we shall have succeeded also in giving It will be obvious to the reader that this characterization is not intended as definitive in any sense.
The reason has already been indicated in note 2.
There is no problem in principle of sharpening or generalizing these definitions in one way or another, and there are many formal features of the grammar that can be brought into consideration in doing so.
The problem is merely that for the moment there is no strong empirical motivation for one or another suggestion that might be made in these directions.
This is a consequence of the fact that there are so of the range of sentences and structural descriptions (that is, so few generative grammars), even in a partial sketch.
As explicit doubt be possible to give empirical justification for various refinements and revisions of such loosely sketched proposals as these, and perhaps to give a substantive characterization to the constructed.
However, there is no reason to rule out, a priori, ultimately refer to semantic concepts of one sort or another.
Once again, as in §§ 2.12.2, it is clear that this attempt to that the base of the syntactic component does not, in itself, explicitly characterize the full range of sentences, but only a Phrasemarkers may be regarded as the elementary content elements from which the semantic interpretations of actual sentences are constructed.33 Therefore the observation that the semantically significant functional notions (grammatical relations) are directly represented in base structures, and only in these, should come as no surprise; and it is, furthermore, quite natural to suppose that formal properties of the base will provide the framework for the characterization of universal categories.
To say that formal properties of the base will provide the assume that much of the structure of the base is common to all languages.
This is a way of stating a traditional view, whose origins can again be traced back at least to the Grammaire ginirale et raisonnee (Lancelot et ah, 1660).
To the extent that relevant evidence is available today, it seems not unlikely that it is true.
Insofar as aspects of the base structure are not specific to a particular language, they need not be stated in the grammar of this language.
Instead, they are to be stated only in general linguistic theory, as part of the definition of the notion human language itself.
In traditional terms, they pertain to the form of language in general rather than to the form of particular languages, and thus presumably reflect what the mind brings to the task of language acquisition rather than what it discovers (or invents) in the course of carrying out this task.
Thus to some extent the account of the base rules suggested here may not belong to the grammar of English any more than the definition of It is commonly held that modern linguistic and anthropological investigations have conclusively refuted the doctrines of classical universal grammar, but this claim seems to me very the study of deep structure has not been its concern, it has not structures, and, in fact, the evidence that has been accumulated in modern study of language does not appear to suggest anything of this sort.
The fact that languages may differ from one another quite significantly in surface structure would hardly have come as a surprise to the scholars who developed traditional universal grammar.
Since the origins of this work in the Grammaire generate et raisonnee, it has been emphasized that the deep structures for which universality is claimed may be quite distinct from the surface structures of sentences as they actually appear.
Consequently, there is no reason to expect uniformity of surface structures, and the findings of modern linguistics are thus not Insofar as attention is restricted to surface structures, the most that can be expected is the discovery of statistical tendencies, such In connection with the selectional rule (57XW), we have now conclusively ruled out one possibility, namely that the Subject or Object may be selected in terms of an independent, or partially independent, choice of Verb.
Not quite so simple is the question of whether this rule, which I now repeat in less abbreviated form In terms of evaluation measures that have so far been proposed (see, for example, Chomsky, 1955, Chapter 3), there is no way of assigns certain features to Transitive Verbs and (66ii) to Intransitive Verbs.
On the other hand, (dji) assigns a feature of Subject selection to all Verbs, and (6711) assigns a feature of Object selection to Transitive Verbs.
If we choose (66), the lexical entry for frighten will be positively specified for the feature [[+Abstract] Aux — Det [+Animate]]; if we select (67), it will be positively specified for the two features [[+Abstract] Aux — ] and [— Det [(Animate]].
It may appear at first that this is little more than a terminological question, but, as in many such cases, this is not at all obvious.
Thus consider the following contexts: In (68i) we can have the Verb command (I neglect, for simplicity of exposition, questions of choice of Auxiliary).
In (68iii) we can also have command, but in a different though not totally unrelated sense.
In (68ii) we cannot have command, but we can have, for example, baffle, which can also appear in (68i) but not (68iii).
If we select the alternative (67), the Verb command will be positively marked for the features [[+Animate] Aux — ], [ — Det [+Animate]], [[+Abstract] Aux — ], and [ — Det [+Abstract]].
That is, it will be marked in such a way as to permit it to have either an Animate or an Abstract Noun as Subject or between Subject and Object illustrated by the deviance of (68ii), when command appears in this context.
If we select the alternative (66), command will be positively marked for the features Thus command would be excluded from the context (66ii), as required.
It is for such reasons that I selected the alternative (66) in the grammatical sketch.
It should be noted, however, that the grounds for this decision are very weak, since a crucial question — namely, how to enter lexical items with a range of distinct but related syntactic and semantic features — is far from settled.
I have so far not been able to find stronger examples.
It seems at first as though a certain redundancy results from the decision to select (66) over (67), in the case of Verbs for which choice of Subject and Object is independent.
However, the same number of features must be indicated in the lexicon, even in this case.
With the choice of (66), the features seem more complicated, in some sense, but this is a misinterpretation of — Det [+Abstract], for example, is a single symbol designating Clearly, this comment does not exhaust the question, by any means.
For some further related discussion, see Chapters 3 and 4. and subcategorization rules and between contextfree and contextsensitive rules.
The contextsensitive subcategorization rules whereas the contextfree subcategorization rules introduce inherent features.
One might propose, alternatively, that the subcategorization rules be eliminated from the system of rewriting rules entirely and be assigned, in effect, to the lexicon.
In fact, Suppose, then, that the base is divided into two parts, a consists solely of branching rules, which are possibly all contextfree (see Chapter 3).
In particular, the branching rules of (57) would constitute the categorial component of the base of this fragment of English grammar.
The primary role of the categorial that function in the deep structures of the language.
It may well be that to a large extent the form of the categorial component component of the base in the following way.
First of all, the features.
These rules select certain frames in which a symbol lexical entry may be substituted in these positions if its contextual features match those of the symbol for which it is substituted.
Obviously, the contextual features must appear in reformulation of the lexical rule, that is, the rule that introduces lexical items into derivations (cf. p. 84).
Instead of formulating this as a contextfree rule that operates by matching of complex symbols, we can convert it to a contextsensitive rule by conventions of the following sort.
Suppose that we have a lexical entry (D, C) where D is a phonological feature matrix and C is a complex symbol containing the feature [+X — Y], We stipulated previously that the lexical rule permits D to replace the symbol Q of the preterminal string <pQi]j provided that Q is not distinct from C.
Suppose that we now require, in addition, that this occurrence of Q actually appear in the frame X — Y.
That is, we require that <pQi|/ equal <pi<psQ$iijl2, where <p2 is dominated by X and t^ by Y in the Phrasemarker of <pQi|».
This convention can be formulated precisely in terms of the notion Analyzability on which the theory of transformations is based.
We the grammar and rely on the formulation of lexical features, together with the principle just stated, to achieve their effect. become conditions on the kinds of contextual features that may for an item of the category A must involve frames that, together with A, form the single constituent B that immediately dominates A; and the selectional features must involve the lexical categories that are the heads of grammatically related phrases, in the sense We now have no subcategorization rules in the categorial component of the base.
A preterminal string is generated by the branching rules of the categorial component.
Lexical entries substitute for the lexical categories of a preterminal string by the the sense in which our utilization of complex symbols was a device for introducing transformational rules into the base component.
In fact, suppose that (for uniformity of specification of transformational rules) we add the convention that in the categorial component, there is a rule A •» A for each lexical category A, where A is a fixed dummy symbol.
The rules of the categorial component will now generate Phrasemarkers of strings consisting of various occurrences of A (marking the positions of is of the form (D, C), where D is a phonological matrix and C a features and contextual features.
We can restate this system of features C directly as the structure index / for a certain substitution transformation.
This transformation substitutes (D, C) (now regarded as a complex terminal symbol — see note 15) for a certain occurrence of A in the Phrasemarker K if K meets the condition /, which is a Boolean condition in terms of Analyzability in the usual sense of transformational grammar.
Where strict subcategorization is involved, the substitution transformation is, furthermore, strictly local in the sense of note 18.
Thus the categorial component may very well be a contextfree constituent structure grammar (simple phrase structure grammar) with a reduced terminal vocabulary (that is, with all lexical items mapped into the single symbol A).
The lexicon consists of by these transformational rules of the lexicon.
The function of the categorial component is to define the system of grammatical relations and to determine the ordering of elements in deep This way of developing the base component is not quite somewhat more restrictive in certain respects.
In both formulations, the contextual features (structure indices of substitution transformations) that may appear in the lexicon are limited by previously discussed.
But in the earlier formulation, with subcategorization rules given as rewriting rules, there is a further restriction.
The ordering of the rewriting rule A •* CS places an may be used.
Similarly, the issue discussed in § 4.2 regarding examples (66)(68) does not arise in the new formulation.
Because of the greater flexibility that it allows, certain Verbs can be restricted in terms of Subject and Object selection, some in terms of Subject selection, and some in terms of Object selection. permitted by the approach of this subsection is ever needed.
If so, this must be the preferable formulation of the theory of the base.
If not, then the other formulation, in terms of a lexical rule based on the distinctness condition, is to be preferred.
We shall We have defined the categorial component as the system of rewriting rules of the base — that is, the system of base rules exclusive of the lexicon and the subcategorization rules that we, for the present, regard as belonging to the lexicon.
The rules of the categorial component carry out two quite separate functions: they define the system of grammatical relations, and they determine the ordering of elements in deep structures.
At least the first of these functions appears to be carried out in a very general and perhaps universal way by these rules.
The transformational rules map deep structures into surface structures, perhaps reordering elements in various ways in the course of this It has been suggested several times that these two functions of the categorial component be more sharply separated, and that structure to be found in Curry (1961) and Saumjan and Soboleva (1963).34 They propose, in essence, that in place of such rules as rules (70), where the element on the right is a set rather than In (70), no order is assigned to the elements on the righthand side of the rule; thus {NP, VP} = {VP, NP}, although NP^VP ^ VP^NP.
The rules (70) can be used to define grammatical relations in exactly the way indicated for the rules (69).
The rules (70), since they not only define an abstract system of grammatical relations but also assign an abstract underlying order to the elements.
The Phrasemarker generated by such rules as (69) will be representable as a treediagram with labeled nodes and labeled lines; the Phrasemarker generated by such rules as (70) will be representable as a treediagram with labeled nodes Proponents of setsystems such as (70) have argued that such (69), and can lead to a study of grammatical relations that is so far as grammatical relations are concerned, is a myth.
Thus the grammatical relations defined by (70) are neither more nor in fact, the systems of grammatical relations defined in the two cases are identical.
A priori, there is no way of determining which theory is correct; it is an entirely empirical question, and the evidence presently available is overwhelmingly in favor of concatenationsystems over setsystems, for the theory of the categorial component.
In fact, no proponent of a setsystem has given any indication of how the abstract underlying unordered structures the problem of giving empirical support to this theory has not be a setsystem entails that in a set of syntactically related structures with a single network of grammatical relations (for example, for us to please John is difficult, it is difficult for us to please John, to please John is difficult for us, or John is difficult for us to please), each member is directly related to the organization — that is, no order of derivation—within the set of structures.
But, in fact, whenever an attempt to account for been found that there are strong reasons to assign an internal been found that different sets in a single language lead to the same decision as to the abstract underlying order of elements.
Hence, it seems that a setsystem such as (70) must be supplemented by two sets of rules.
The first set will assign an intrinsic order to the elements of the underlying unordered Phrasemarkers (that is, it will label the lines of the treediagrams representing these structures).
The second set of rules will be surface structures in the familiar way.
The first set of rules simply structures.
There is no evidence at all to suggest that either of these steps can be omitted in the case of natural languages.
Consequently, there is no reason to consider the setsystem, for the mentioned as relevant to this issue, but, so far as I can see, it has no bearing on it at all.
Suppose that for some language each permutation of the words of each sentence were to give a grammatical sentence that, in fact, is a paraphrase of the original.
In this case, the setsystem would be much superior for the categorial component of the grammar of this language.
No grammatical transformations would be needed, and the rule for simple.
But there is no known language that remotely resembles order are quite severe, and therefore rules of realization of and important one, and much too little attention has been given to it.
First of all, it should be emphasized that grammatical transformations do not seem to be an appropriate device for expressing the full range of possibilities for stylistic inversion.
It than languages that are poor in inflection, for obvious reasons.
Second, even richly inflected languages do not seem to tolerate reordering when it leads to ambiguity.
Thus in a German sentence such as Die Mutter sieht die Tochter, in which the seems that the interpretation will invariably be that Die Mutter is the Subject (unless it has contrastive Stress, in which case it may be taken to be the Subject or the Object).
The same seems to be true in other languages as diverse as Russian (cf.
Peshkovskii, 1956, p. 42) and Mohawk.
In the latter, the Verb contains affixes designating the Subject and Object, but where the reference is ambiguous, the initial NP is taken to be the Subject, under normal intonation (I am indebted to Paul Postal for this information).
If this is universal, it suggests the generalization that some sense to be defined) is tolerated up to ambiguity — that is, up to the point where a structure is produced that might have special case of this, then, it will follow that inflected languages Something of this sort seems to be true, and it is not statable in In general, the rules of stylistic reordering are very different deeply embedded in the grammatical system.35 It might, in fact, be argued that the former are not so much rules of grammar as rules of performance (cf. §§ 1, 2, of Chapter 1).
In any event, though this is surely an interesting phenomenon, it is one that has no apparent bearing, for the moment, on the theory of LET US adopt, tentatively, the theory of the base component sketched in § 4.3 of Chapter 2, and continue to use the fragment of § 3, Chapter 2, appropriately modified to exclude subcategorization rules from the categorial component of the base, The base will now generate base Phrasemarkers.
In § 1, Chapter 1, we defined the basis of a sentence as the sequence of base Phrasemarkers that underlies it.
The basis of a sentence is different choice of Auxiliary, would be the basis for the sentence would be the basis for the sentence the man was fired, were we to modify it by deleting S from the Determiner associated with man. (In this case, the passive transformation is followed by the deletion of unspecified agent.) As it stands, however, to form the basis for some sentence, the base Phrasemarker (1) must be will fill the position of S in (1) and thus serve as a relative clause qualifying man.
Similarly, (2) alone cannot serve as a basis for a We interpret this as follows: First, apply the Passive transformation TP to the base Phrasemarker (3); embed the result in the base Phrasemarker (2), in place of S, by a generalized (doublebase) substitution transformation TE, giving a Phrasemarker for the man persuaded John of A John nom be examined by a specialist; to this apply first TD, which deletes the repeated NP John, and then Tt0, which replaces of A nom by to, giving a Phrasemarker for the man persuaded John to be examined by a specialist; next embed this in the position of S in (1), by TB; to this apply the relative transformation TR, and replaces the repeated phrase the man by who, giving a Phrasemarker for A fired the man who persuaded John to be examined by a specialist by passive; to this Phrasemarker apply I have left out of this description quite a few transformations that are necessary to give the correct form of (4), as well as other details, but these are, by and large, well known, and introduction The diagram (5) is an informal representation of what we may call a Transformationmarker.
It represents the transformational structure of the utterance (5) very much in the way a string.
In fact, a Transformationmarker may be formally represented as a set of strings in an alphabet consisting of base Phrasemarker may be formally represented as a set of strings in The deep structure of an utterance is given completely by its structure of the sentence is the derived Phrasemarker given as the output of the operations represented in the Transformationmarker.
The basis of the sentence is the sequence of base Phrasemarkers that constitute the terminal points of the treediagram represented as in (5), the branching points correspond to generalized transformations that embed a constituent sentence (the lower branch) in a designated position in a matrix sentence (the A theoretical apparatus of this sort, in its essentials, is what has appeared in the last ten years.
However, in the course of this First, it has been shown that many of the optional singulary transformations of Chomsky (1955, 1957, 1962) must be reformulated as obligatory transformations, whose applicability to a string is determined by presence or absence of a certain marker in the string.
This was pointed out by Lees (1960a) for the negation transformation, and by Klima (personal communication) for the question transformation, at about the same time.
In fact, it is also true for the passive transformation, as noted in § 2.3.4 of Chapter 2.
Katz and Postal (1964) have extended these Phrasemarkers in a fixed way).3 It follows, then, that transformations cannot introduce meaningbearing elements (nor can they delete lexical items unrecoverably, by the condition mentioned in note 1).
Generalizing these remarks to embedding embedded in a matrix sentence 2 must replace a dummy symbol of 2. (In the foregoing discussion, adopting this suggestion, we have used S as the dummy symbol — this assumption is also Katz and Postal point out that the principle just stated greatly interpretation will now be independent of all aspects of the showing that in a large variety of cases, where this general principle has not been met in syntactic description, the description was in fact incorrect on internal syntactic grounds.
The permits a great deal of latitude so far as ordering of transformations is concerned.
Thus the grammar, in this view, must contain rules generating the possible Transformationmarkers by stating conditions that these objects must meet for wellformedness (what Lees, 1960a, calls traffic rules).4 These rules may state the ordering of transformations relative to one another, and may designate certain transformations as obligatory, or obligatory relative to certain contexts, by requiring that they appear in some of the possibilities permitted by this general theory have particular, there are no known cases of ordering among generalized embedding transformations although such ordering is permitted by the theory of Transformationmarkers.
Furthermore, there are no really convincing cases of singulary transformations that must apply to a matrix sentence before a sentence transform is embedded in it, though this too is a possibility, according to the theory.5 On the other hand, there are many constituent sentence before it is embedded or that must apply to a matrix sentence after embedding of a constituent structure in it.
Thus the diagram (5) is typical of the kind of structure following restrictions on ordering of transformations.
The singulary transformations are linearly ordered (perhaps only partially ordered).
They may apply to a constituent structure before it is embedded, or to a matrix structure, and the constituent structure embedded in it, after this constituent structure is embedded.
There is no reason for imposing an extrinsic order on the the notions generalized transformation and Transformationmarker altogether.7 In the rewriting rules of the base (in fact, in its categorial component) the string #S# is introduced in the symbol S.
That is, wherever a base Phrasemarker contains a position in which a sentence transform is to be introduced, we fill this position with the string #S#, which initiates derivations.
We now allow the rules of the base to apply cyclically, preserving their linear order.
Thus, for example, after having generated (1), with #S# in place of S, they reapply to the new occurrence of #S# in the terminal line of the derivation represented by (1).
From this occurrence of #S# the rules of the base can generate the derivation represented by (2), with #S# in place of the occurrence of S in (2).
From the latter occurrence of #S#, the same base rules can reapply to form the derivation represented by (3).
In this way, the base rules will generate the generalized Phrasemarker formed from (1), (2), (3) by replacing S in (1) by We have thus revised the theory of the base by allowing #S# to appear on the right in certain branching rules, where previously the dummy symbol S had appeared, and by allowing the rules to reapply (preserving their order) to these newly introduced occurrences of #S#.
A generalized Phrasemarker formed in this way contains all of the base Phrasemarkers that constitute the basis of a sentence, but it contains more information than a basis in the old sense since it also indicates explicitly how these base Phrasemarkers are embedded in one another.
That is, the generalized Phrasemarker contains all of the information contained in the basis, as well as the information provided by the In addition to the rules of the base, so modified, the grammar it applies to (3), in the generalized Phrasemarker formed by embedding (3) in (2) and the result in (1), as described earlier.) Having applied to all such base Phrasemarkers, the sequence of rules reapplies to a configuration dominated by S in which these base Phrasemarkers are embedded (to (2), in the same example), and so on, until finally the sequence of rules applies to the configuration dominated by the initial symbol S of the entire in the case of (i)(3), the effect of this convention is precisely before they are embedded, and to matrix sentences after embedding has taken place.
The embedding itself is now provided by the branching rules of the base rather than by generalized transformations.
We have, in effect, converted the specific properties The grammar now consists of a base and a linear sequence of singulary transformations.
These apply in the manner just described.
The ordering possibilities that are permitted by the use are now excluded in principle.
The notion of Transformationmarker disappears, as does the notion of generalized that contain just the information contained in the basis and the earlier (p. 132), it is precisely this information that should be a generalized Phrasemarker, in the sense just defined, to be the Thus the syntactic component consists of a base that generates deep structures and a transformational part that maps them into surface structures.
The deep structure of a sentence is submitted surface structure enters the phonological component and undergoes phonetic interpretation.
The final effect of a grammar, then, is to relate a semantic interpretation to a phonetic representation — that is, to state how a sentence is interpreted.
This relation is The branching rules of the base (that is, its categorial component) define grammatical functions and grammatical relations and determine an abstract underlying order (cf. § 4.4, Chapter 2); lexical items that are inserted in specified positions in base structures generated by the base component, we are, in effect, only on its lexical items and the grammatical functions and relations represented in the underlying structures in which they appear.8 This is the basic idea that has motivated the theory of transformational grammar since its inception (cf. note 33, Chapter 2).
Its first relatively clear formulation is in Katz and Fodor (1963), and an improved version is given in Katz and Postal (1964), in terms of the modification of syntactic theory proposed there and briefly discussed earlier.
The formulation just suggested sharpens this idea still further.
In fact, it permits a further with them, need no longer be considered at all.
This formulation seems to be a natural extension and summary of the developments of the past few years that have just been summarized.
Notice that in this view one major function of the transformational rules is to convert an abstract deep structure that expresses the content of a sentence into a fairly concrete surface structure that indicates its form.10 Some possible reasons for such an suggested in Miller and Chomsky (1963, § 2.2).
It is interesting to note, in this connection, that the grammars of the artificial Looking more closely at the recursive property of the grammar, we have now suggested the following modification of transformational theory.
In the earlier version of the theory, the recursive property was assigned to the transformational component, in particular, to the generalized transformations and the property is a feature of the base component, in particular, of the rules that introduce the initial symbol S in designated positions in strings of category symbols.
There are, apparently, no other It is worth mentioning that with this formulation of the theory of transformational grammar, we have returned to a conception of linguistic structure that marked the origins of modern syntactic theory, namely that presented in the Grammaire generate et raisonnee.12 the notion deep structure.
When the base rules generate a Phrasemarker from an occurrence of S that is embedded in an the context in which this occurrence of S appears.
For example, (with (3) embedded in (2) and the result embedded in (1)), we M formed from (1), K, and (3), where AT is a Phrasemarker differing from (2) only in that man in (2) is replaced by boy in K.
But now, at the stage of derivation at which the relative clause transformation (TR of (5)) is applied to K with (3) embedded within it, we shall have not the string (6) but rather (7): (6) A fired the man (# the man persuaded John to be examined (7) A fired the man (# the boy persuaded John to be examined The string (6) (with its Phrasemarker) is of the form that permits the relative clause transformation to apply, replacing the man by who, since the condition of identity of the two Nouns is met and we thus have a recoverable deletion (cf. note 1).
But in the case of (7), the transformation will block.
Thus the phrase the boy cannot be deleted from (7) because of the general is, the identity condition of the transformation is not satisfied.13 This is precisely what we want, for obviously the generalized Phrasemarker formed from (1), K, (3) does not provide the semantic interpretation of (4), as it would if application of the relative clause transformation were permitted in this case.
In fact, although generated by the base rules, is not the deep structure We can make this observation precise, in this case, by defining the relative clause transformation in such a way that it deletes the boundary symbol # when it applies.
Thus if its application is blocked, this symbol will remain in the string.
We can then were blocked.
The same (or similar) formal devices can be used Putting aside questions of formalization, we can see that not all generalized Phrasemarkers generated by the base will underlie actual sentences and thus qualify as deep structures.
What, then, is the test that determines whether a generalized Phrasemarker is the deep structure of some sentence.
The answer is test, and there is, in general, no simpler test.
A generalized S, with the surface structure Ma, just in case the transformational rules generate Ma from MD.
The surface structure Ms of S is well formed just in case S contains no symbols indicating the blocking The notion deep structure itself is derivative from this.
The transformational rules act as a filter that permits only certain component is not an entirely new feature specific to the version fact, it was also true of the earlier version, though this fact was never discussed in exposition.
Thus a sequence of base Phrasemarkers might have been selected that could not serve as the basis of any sentence; furthermore, any system of rules for generating Transformationmarkers would certainly permit certain structures that do not qualify as Transformationmarkers because of inconsistencies and blocks arising in the course of carrying out the instructions that they represent.
In the present version this filtering function is simply brought out more clearly.
In § 4.3 of Chapter 2 we suggested: (a) that the distributional restrictions of lexical items be determined by contextual features listed in lexical entries, and (b) that these contextual features be regarded as defining certain substitution transformations.
Thus strict subcategorial and selectional restrictions of with these items.
We have now observed that the transformational rules must also carry the burden of determining the Phrasemarkers can apparently be contextfree, with all distributional restrictions, whether of base Phrasemarkers or lexical Such a description of the form of the syntactic component may seem strange if one considers the generative rules as a model for the actual construction of a sentence by a speaker.
Thus it seems absurd to suppose that the speaker first forms a generalized Phrasemarker by base rules and then tests it for wellformedness by applying transformational rules to see if it gives, finally, a to the deeper absurdity of regarding the system of generative rules as a pointbypoint model for the actual construction of a sentence by a speaker.
Consider the simpler case of a phrase or some small part of English that might be described in these terms).
It would clearly be absurd to suppose that the speaker of such a language, in formulating an utterance, first selects the major categories, then the categories into which these are analyzed, and so forth, finally, at the end of the process, selecting the words or symbols that he is going to use (deciding what he is going to talk about).
To think of a generative grammar in these terms is to take it to be a model of performance rather than One can study models of performance that incorporate generative grammars, and some results have been achieved in such studies.14 But a generative grammar as it stands is no more a model of the speaker than it is a model of the hearer.
Rather, as has been repeatedly emphasized, it can be regarded only as conditions that must be met for a structure to qualify as the deep structure expressing the semantic content of some wellformed sentence.
Given a grammar containing a base component vary in exhaustiveness and efficiency, and in the extent to which they can be adapted to the problems of producing or understanding speech.
One such constructive procedure is to run through the base rules (observing order) so as to form a generalized Phrasemarker M, and then through the transformational rules (observing order) so as to form a surface structure M from M.
If M is well formed, then M was a deep structure; otherwise, it was not.
All deep structures can be enumerated in this way, just as they can all be enumerated in many other ways, given the grammar.
As noted earlier, the grammar defines the relation the deep structure M underlies the wellformed surface structure M of the sentence S and, derivatively, it defines the notions M is a deep structure, M is a wellformed surface structure, S is a wellformed sentence, and many others (such as S is structurally ambiguous, 5 and S are paraphrases, S is a deviant sentence formed by violating rule R or condition C).
The grammar does not, in itself, provide any sensible procedure for finding the deep structure of a given sentence, or for producing a given sentence, just as it provides no sensible procedure for finding a paraphrase to a given sentence.
It merely defines these tasks in a precise way.
A performance model must certainly incorporate a grammar; it is not to be confused with a grammar.
Once this point is clear, the fact that transformations act as a kind of filter will occasion no surprise or uneasiness.
To summarize, we have now suggested that the form of grammar may be as follows.
A grammar contains a syntactic component, a semantic component, and a phonological component.
The latter two are purely interpretive; they play no part in the recursive generation of sentence structures.
The syntactic component consists of a base and a transformational component.
The base, in turn, consists of a categorial subcomponent and a enters the semantic component and receives a semantic interpretation; it is mapped by the transformational rules into a surface structure, which is then given a phonetic interpretation by the semantic interpretations to signals, this association being mediated by the recursive rules of the syntactic component.
The categorial subcomponent of the base consists of a sequence of contextfree rewriting rules.
The function of these rules is, in essence, to define a certain system of grammatical relations that of the transformational rules.
To a large extent, the rules of the base may be universal, and thus not, strictly speaking, part of particular grammars; or it may be that, although free in part, the choice of base rules is constrained by a universal condition category symbols appearing in base rules are selected from a fixed universal alphabet; in fact, the choice of symbol may be the symbol plays in the system of base rules.
The infinite generative capacity of the grammar arises from a particular formal property of these categorial rules, namely that they may introduce the initial symbol S into a line of a derivation.
In this way, the rewriting rules can, in effect, insert base Phrasemarkers into The lexicon consists of an unordered set of lexical entries and certain redundancy rules.
Each lexical entry is a set of features (but see note 15 of Chapter 2).
Some of these are phonological features, drawn from a particular universal set of phonological features in a lexical entry can be extracted and represented as a phonological matrix that bears the relation is a to each of the of the features are semantic features.
These, too, are presumably drawn from a universal alphabet, but little is known about this today, and nothing has been said about it here.
We call a feature semantic if it is not mentioned in any syntactic rule, thus begging the question of whether semantics is involved in syntax.15 The redundancy rules of the lexicon add and specify features wherever this can be predicted by general rule.
Thus the lexical entries constitute the full set of irregularities of the by applying the categorial rules in the specified order, beginning with S, reapplying them to each new occurrence of S introduced in the course of the derivation.
In this way, we derive a preterminal string, which becomes a generalized Phrasemarker when lexical entries are inserted in accordance with the transformational rules specified by the contextual features that belong to these lexical entries.
The base of the syntactic component by a structure index, which is a Boolean condition on Analyzability, and a sequence of elementary transformations.
The notion Analyzable is determined in terms of the is a relation, which, in turn, is defined by the rewriting rules of the base and syntactic features as if they were categories.
In fact, transformations must also be designed so that they can specify and add syntactic features, but we shall not go into this modification of the theory of transformational grammar here (see Chapter 4, § 2).
Given a generalized Phrasemarker, we construct a transformational derivation by applying the sequence of transformational rules sequentially, from the bottom up — that is, applying the sequence of rules to a given configuration only if we have already applied it to all base Phrasemarkers embedded in this in this way a wellformed surface structure.
In this and only this case, the generalized Phrasemarker to which the transformations were originally applied constitutes a deep structure, namely the deep structure of the sentence S, which is the terminal string the semantic content of S, whereas the surface structure of S our concern here.
Insofar as details of their structure have been worked out, they seem to function in parallel ways.
The phonological component consists of a sequence of rules that apply to a representing it.
That is, these rules apply in a cycle, first to the they are parts (a constituent of a Phrasemarker being a substring of its terminal string dominated by a single category symbol), then to the constituents of which these are parts, and so Miller, 1963.) In this way a phonetic representation of the entire sentence is formed on the basis of the intrinsic abstract phonoIn a somewhat similar way, the projection rules of the each constituent, on the basis of the readings assigned to its formatives) and the categories and grammatical relations represented in the deep structure. (See Katz and Fodor, 1963; Katz and Postal, 1964; and other papers by Katz listed in the bibliography.) To the extent that grammatical categories and relations can be described in languageindependent terms, one may hope to find universal projection rules, which need not, therefore, be stated as part of a specific grammar.
Throughout this discussion, we have simply been presupposing the theory of grammatical transformations as presented in the references cited, but it is perhaps worth mentioning that this theory, too, can apparently be simplified in various ways.
First, it appears that permutations can be eliminated from the set of be provided by permutations may not be necessary in addition it seems that the structural analyses that determine the domain on deletion, as mentioned in note 13.
If so, this places a severe discuss it briefly here and then return to the question in Chapter 4, § 2.2.
We are proposing the following convention to guarantee only a dummy element, or a formative explicitly mentioned in the structure index (for example, you in imperatives), or the designated representative of a category (for example, the whquestion transformations that delete Noun Phrases are in fact limited to indefinite Pronouns — cf.
Chomsky, 1964, § 2.2), or an element that is otherwise represented in the sentence in a fixed position.
To clarify the latter point further, let us define an erasure transformation as one that substitutes a term X of its proper analysis for a term Y of its proper analysis (leaving X intact), and then deletes this new occurrence of X which replaced Y.
In the example of relativization discussed earlier (pp. the man — [#wh— the man — had been fired#] returned to work operation that substitutes the first term X of the proper analysis for the third term Y, erasing the latter17 in the process.
Avoiding general theory of transformations, we may say briefly that the erasure operation uses the term X to delete Y in such a case.
We say, then, that an erasure operation can use the term X to delete Y just in case X and Y are identical.
We shall investigate the exact nature of the required relation between X and Y somewhat more fully in Chapter 4, pp.
IjjiAs an additional illustration, consider the reflexivization operation (see Lees and Klima, 1963, for a detailed discussion).
It has frequently been observed that in a sentence such as J°hn hurt John or the boy hurt the boy, the two phonetically Various attempts have been made to build an account of this into The availability of lexical features suggests a new approach that each occurrence of a referential item is assigned a marker, say, an integer, as a feature.18 The reflexivization rule can be formulated as an erasure operation that uses one Noun Phrase to delete another.
As in the case of relativization (cf. note 17), the erasure leaves a residue, in particular, the feature [±Human], and it introduces the new phonetic element self.
Thus when applied to I hurt I, the first Noun Phrase is used to delete the second, finally giving, I hurt myself.
But by the recoverability condition on rule) will apply only when the integers assigned to the two items are the same.
The semantic component will then interpret two referential items as having the same reference just in case they are strictly identical — in particular, in case they have been assigned the same integer in the deep structure.
This gives the right answer in many cases, but there are interesting problems that arise when the referential items are plural, and of Notice, incidentally, that the reflexivization rule does not always apply (though pronominalization does) even when the two have I kept it near me alongside of I aimed it at myself, and so on.
The difference is that in the first, but not the second, the repeated Noun is in a SentenceComplement to the Verb.
Thus I kept it near me has a deep structure of the form I — kept — it — # S #, where S dominates it is near me.
But I aimed it at myself has a deep structure of the form I — aimed — it — at me (there is no underlying sentence it is at me).
The reflexivization rule does not apply to a repeated N dominated by an occurrence of S that does not dominate the English is, apparently, a consequence of a more general condition this case, self) can be introduced into a configuration dominated by S once the cycle of transformational rules has already completed its application to this configuration (though items can still be extracted from this constituent of a larger matrix structure, in the next cycle of transformational rules).
There are a few examples that seem to conflict with this analysis (such as I pushed it away from me, I drew it toward me), for reasons that I do not understand, but it covers a large number of convincing cases, and, in the distinction it makes between superficially analogous cases that differ only in that one but not the it provides an interesting confirmation of the theory of transformational grammar.
Returning to the main theme, we can apparently define a that is a Boolean condition on Analyzability and a sequence of erasures) and that the limitations on their application can be given by general conventions of the sort just mentioned.
If this is correct, then the formal properties of the theory of transformations become fairly clear and reasonably simple, and it may be possible to undertake abstract study of them of a sort that has IT is quite apparent that current theories of syntax and for any language, so that no satisfactory answers can be given for the title of this section can, for the present, be at best a source for speculation.
Nevertheless, some of the topics of the preceding chapters relate to the question of the proper balance between syntax and semantics in a way that deserves at least some further use.
Each such contextual feature is associated with a certain rule that limits lexical entries containing this feature to certain contexts.1 We can, in each case, construct a deviant sentence by breaking the rule.
Thus in § 3 of Chapter 2, Verbs are strictly preSentence, etc.
In these cases, violation of the rules will give On the other hand, failure to observe a selectional rule will give (cf. § 2.3.1 of Chapter 2).
Clearly, strings such as (1) that break strict subcategorization rules and strings such as (2) that break selectional rules are deviant.
It is necessary to impose an interpretation on them somehow — this being a task that varies in difficulty or challenge from case to case — whereas there is no question of imposing an interpretation in the case of such rather different from that in (1).
Sentences that break selectional personification — cf.
Bloomfield, 1963) or allusively in one way or another, if an appropriate context of greater or less complexity is supplied.
That is, these sentences are apparently proceed in quite a different way if forced to assign an interpretation to sentences that break strict subcategorization rules, These examples are, I think, typical of a fairly wide class of these distinctions on some formal grounds, and a grammar of the type just described seems to make them in some measure, at (3) from the sentences of (1) and (2), which are not directly generated by the system of grammatical rules.
It further separates rules, from sentences such as (2), which are generated when selectional rules are relaxed.
Thus it takes several steps toward the development of a significant theory of degree of gramma ticalness.2 less acceptable and are more difficult to interpret than those same time, it is important to bear in mind that not all rules as do selectional rules involving these features.8 Thus both of the (4) (i) the book who you read was a best seller [Human], but are totally unacceptable — although of course an interpretation can easily, and no doubt uniformly, be imposed on them.
Both in degree of acceptability and manner of interpretation, they differ completely from sentences that result from a Thus no matter how selectional rules are treated, there is no doubt that such features as [Human] play a role in purely syntactic rules (since surely the examples of (4) are ruled out on Similarly, consider the selectional feature [[(Abstract] • • • — • • • [+Animate]] assigned to such Verbs as frighten, amuse, charm, ••• .
This feature is involved in rules that are as inviolable as those that give the book which you read was a best seller and what you found was my book, while excluding (4).
Thus items that are positively specified with respect to this feature can appear in the position of pure Adjectives, so that we have such These sentences, like those of (4), are immediately and perhaps ungrammatical, in the intuitive sense that we are now attempting to explicate, than the examples of violation of selectional rules contextual feature is also involved in rules that cannot be violated Examples such as (4) and (5) therefore support two important observations.
First, it is clear that features such as [Human] and [[(Abstract] • • • — • • • [(Animate]] play a role in the functioning of the syntactic component, no matter how narrowly syntax is conceived, as long as it is agreed that (4) and (5) are (2) is not attributable to the fact that these sentences violate rules involving lowlevel features, but rather to the fact that the rules that they violate are selectional rules.
Second, it is clear from such examples as (4) and (5) that the notion grammaticalness cannot be related to interpretability (ease, uniqueness, or uniformity of interpretation), in any simple way, at least.
There are sentences such as (4) and (5) that are uniquely, uniformly, and immediately interpretable, no doubt, although they that may pose great difficulties for interpretation, and may be generally, it is clear that the intuitive notion of grammatical wellformedness is by no means a simple one and that an adequate explication of it will involve theoretical constructs of a highly abstract nature, just as it is clear that various diverse factors The attempts described in the references of note 2 to give a precise definition to at least one dimension of degree of grammaticalness are much more plausible if limited to the question of deviation from selectional rules than if extended to the full range this suggestion, we might conclude that the only function of the selectional rules is to impose a hierarchy of deviation from Observe that the rules of the grammar impose a partial ordering in terms of dominance among the features that constitute a complex symbol in a Phrasemarker.
For example, referring again to the sample Phrasemarker (59) of Chapter 2 and the formative frighten, we have a complex symbol consisting of the features The rules of the grammar impose the dominance order [+V], (59).
In terms of this order, we can define the degree of deviation of a string that results from substituting a lexical item in the greater the higher in the dominance hierarchy is the feature corresponding to the rule that is relaxed.
In the example given, then, deviance would be greatest if the item substituted for frighten is a nonVerb, less great if it is a Verb but a nonTransitive Verb, and still less great if it is a Transitive Verb that does not take an Abstract Subject.
Thus we should have the following This seems to give a natural explication for at least one sense of the term deviance.
In this connection, compare the suggestions of the references of note 2, which consider size of At the end of § 4.1 of Chapter 2, it was pointed out that features introduced by selectional rules; and in the same section it was further noted that all lexical features are dominated by serious than deviation from selectional rules involving lowerlevel features.
These various observations combine to make the definition of degree of deviance just proposed a rather natural selectional rules noted earlier is generally valid, we might go on to superimpose on the scale of deviance a split into perhaps three general types, namely the types that result from: (i) violation of lexical category (such as (6i)); (ii) conflict with a strict subcategorization feature (such as (6ii) and (1)); and (iii) conflict with a selectional feature (such as (6iii) and (2)).
There are, course, there are also many other types (such as (4), (5)).B This is not surprising, since there are rules of many kinds that can be Selectional rules play a rather marginal role in the grammar, although the features that they deal with may be involved in many purely syntactic processes (cf. (4), (5)).
One might propose, therefore, that selectional rules be dropped from the syntax and that their function be taken over by the semantic component.
Such a change would do little violence to the structure of grammar as described earlier.
Of course, the features that are utilized and introduced by selectional rules would still appear in lexical entries for strings.
That is, boy would be specified as f+Human] Object, etc., in the lexical entries for these items.
Furthermore, if we continue to call a feature of the lexical entry a syntactic feature when it is involved in a strictly syntactic rule, then these features of the lexical entry will be syntactic rather than semantic features (cf. the discussion of (4), (5)).
Nevertheless, in accordance with this proposal, the grammar will directly generate even such sentences as (2), though not, of course, (1), as syntactically well formed.
The syntactic component of the grammar would not, in other words, impose a hierarchy of degree of would now have to be taken over by the semantic component.
Let us continue to suppose that the semantic component is an interpretive device based on projection rules of the type discussed must now be adapted to detect and interpret conflicts in feature definition of degree of deviance, can be carried over with little change.
The same is true of the comments regarding NounVerb and NounAdjective selectional dominance.
With slight In § 4.3 of Chapter 2, we discussed two alternative proposals for dealing with contextual features.
The first was to introduce them by rewriting rules and to have lexical items introduced (as in Chapter 2, § 3).
The second was to regard the contextual features of the lexicon as defining certain substitution transformations that insert lexical items.
As noted there, this is not selectional rules, in particular: (i) Do they belong in the syntactic or the semantic component? (ii) Should they be rewriting rules introducing complex symbols or substitution transformations.
Without attempting any exhaustive investigation of these rewriting rules, in accordance with § 3 of Chapter 2.
Notice that the items that they relate.
The rule (57*iv) of Chapter 2 is characteristic of selectional rules in this respect, with its reference to the irrelevant items Aux and Det; it is atypical only in the simplicity of these elements.
That this may be more than a purely notational matter is illustrated by (57XV) of Chapter 2, which assigns features of the Subject to a modifying Adjective of the In the case of (7), the Adjective would be assigned the feature [[+Human] Aux^fce— ] by rule (57XV) of Chapter 2, whereas in the case of (8) it would be assigned the feature [[+Human] Aux [+V] — ], or something of this sort.6 These features have nothing in common, in our terms, though they actually identify the same set of lexical items.
This is as serious a deficiency as the one noted in the case of a grammar that specifically distinguishes Animate Subject from Animate Object, etc. (see pp. 114115).
We may remedy it and, at the same time, eliminate the reference to the following convention for these rules.
Suppose that we have where [a] and [jg] are specified features or are null (but either one or the other is nonnull).7 We take (9) to be applicable to where X = [a, • • • ], Y = [fi, • • • ]» W 7* W^a, •••]W2(or is null) and V ¥= Pi[j3, ••• ]VZ (or is null).
The result of applying (9) to where B is the complex symbol containing the features of A (or [+^4], if A is a category symbol) in addition to each contextual feature [+<p — #], where X = [<p, •••] and Y = [\p, •••]. (The reader will observe that except for the condition on W, V, the notion of applicability and the conventions for complex symbols are as before, though stated somewhat differently.) What this means is that the rule (9) assigns to A all contextual features [+<p — \p], where [<p] is a lexical feature of the nearest complex symbol containing [a] to the left of A, and [i//] is a lexical feature of the nearest complex symbol containing [B] to the right of A.
Thus, in particular, we should now give the rules (157x1V) and These rules would now have the effect of assigning to frighten sad the feature [+[+Human] —] in the case of both (7) and (8).
In this way we can avoid mention of irrelevant intervening symbols in the statement of contexts and, more importantly, can avoid the deficiency of dualfeature assignment noted in the case of (7) In this case, it is necessary only to state the condition on W, V of (10).
This condition, however, is not statable directly in the form of a Boolean structure index for a transformation.
This fact, though of no great importance, might be taken as suggesting that have some bearing on the form of selectional rules and their placement in the grammar.10 Consider such a typical case of This is a deviant sentence, formed by relaxing the restriction of in which this restriction can be violated with no consequent (15) (i) it is nonsense to speak of (there is no such activity as) (ii) sincerity is not the sort of thing that can be frightened (14) is deviant (as in the case of the examples of (2)) and that the examples of (15) are not.
There are various ways to approach
Suppose that the selectional rules are included in the syntax.
Then (14) and (15) are only derivatively generated by the grammar (in the sense of note 2); they are generated with Phrasemarkers indicating that they depart in a particular respect from deviance from the intuitive point of view, this intuitive notion a property determined by the joint operation of both the of the semantic component and the lexical entries for such words as nonsense and speak must be designed in such a way that, the incongruity is removed by the readings assigned to constituents dominating it, and consequently the sentences (15) (but not to me not at all an unnatural or intolerable consequence.
Surely it is not surprising to find that an intuitive concept such as deviance can be explicated only in terms of theoretical constructs of various sorts, which have in themselves no direct and conclusion, one might cite the fact that even strict subcategoriza(16) (i) it is nonsense to speak of (there is no such activity as) (ii) elapsing a book is not an activity that can be performed Here, too, one might plausibly maintain that base strings that deviate significantly from grammaticalness are nevertheless constituents of sentences that receive nondeviant interpretations, by virtue of the semantic properties of certain lexical items and notion of deviance, one can cite cases of perfectly grammatical Thus it seems to me that examples such as (15) do not present from the syntactic component and assigning their function to the taken, then (14) and (15) will be directly generated by the syntactic rules, and at least in such cases as these the relation of closer.
This might be cited as a slight consideration in favor of the decision to eliminate the selectional rules from the syntactic component, and to modify the theory of the semantic component in some way so as to allow it to accommodate these phenomena. function of selectional rules to the semantic component.
Alternatively, one might raise the question whether the functions of the semantic component as described earlier should not be taken over, in toto, by the generative syntactic rules.
More specifically, we may ask whether the cycle of interpretive rules that assign some of the syntactic rules, so that the dLtinction between the two components is, in effect, obliterated.
This notion, which is by no means to be ruled out a priori, is explored by Bever and Rosenbaum (forthcoming), who show that if it is adopted, the that the interrelation of semantic and syntactic rules is by no means a settled issue, and that there is quite a range of possibilities that deserve serious exploration.
The approach I have adopted in Chapter 2, § 3, is a conservative compromise between the attempt to incorporate the semantic rules strictly within the component so that it takes over the function of the selectional a much more intensive study of semantic interpretive rules than it has yet been possible to undertake.
The work of the last few years, I believe, has laid the groundwork for empirical investigation of this sort.
There is a general theoretical framework parts it is possible to formulate certain reasonably clear questions, and it is also fairly clear what kind of empirical evidence would be relevant to deciding them.
Alternative positions can be formulated, but for the present any one that is adopted must be extremely tentative.
In general, one should not expect to be able to delimit a large and complex domain before it has been thoroughly explored.
A (if there is one) is not a prerequisite for theoretical and descriptive study of syntactic and semantic rules.
On the contrary, the problem of delimitation will clearly remain open until these fields are much better understood than they are today.
Exactly the same can be said about the boundary separating semantic systems from systems of knowledge and belief.
That these seem to interpenetrate in obscure ways has long been noted.
One can advance of a deep analysis of systems of semantic rules, on the one hand, and systems of belief, on the other.
Short of this, one
It is not surprising that nothing conclusive results from this.
One major qualification must be added to this discussion of the relation of syntax to semantics.
I have described the semantic component as a system of rules that assign readings to constituents of Phrasemarkers — a system that has no intrinsic structure beyond this.
But such a description is hardly sufficient.
In particular, there is little doubt that the system of dictionary definitions is not as atomistic as implied by this account. open to investigation.
First, it is important to determine the — in traditional terms, the system of possible concepts.
The very sort of universal phonetic theory.
It is surely our ignorance of possible the widely held belief that there is little or no a priori Furthermore, quite apart from the question of universal constraints, it seems obvious that in any given linguistic system lexical entries enter into intrinsic semantic relations of a much more systematic sort than is suggested by what has been said so far.
We might use the term field properties to refer to these descriptive semantic theory.12 Thus, for example, consider Adjectives that are mutually exclusive in some referential domain, for example, color words.
Such antonymy sets (cf.
Katz, 19646) provide a simple example of a field property that cannot be described naturally in terms of separate lexical entries, though it obviously plays a role in semantic interpretation.
Or consider the have a relation, discussed in Bever and Rosenbaum (forthcoming).
We have of entirely different constructions, as in the finger has an arm attached to it, the arm has a man on it, etc.).
These examples, of fact.
Thus there is no grammatical objection to the ant has a kidney, where the kidney has an ant is not false or impossible but senseless, with the irrelevant exception just noted.
In this case, we have a hierarchy of terms with systematic relations that, once again, cannot in any natural way be described within the sort can easily be found, and, in fact, they suggest that part of the semantic component of a grammar must be a characterization of field properties that is outside the lexicon.
This matter is crucial but has been relatively unexplored within any general framework, though there have been several valuable studies of certain of its aspects. (See note 12.) Suppose, furthermore, that an attempt is made to relate deviance in the intuitive sense to such examples as (i8iiii) from direct generation (cf. note 1).
The consequences of such a decision are not easy to determine.
Once again, we can do no more here than indicate problems and stress the fact that there are many unanswered questions of principle that might very well affect the formulation of even those parts of the theory of grammar that seem reasonably well Finally, it is important to be aware of the many other problems that face a theory of semantic interpretation of the kind referred to in the preceding discussion.
It is clear, as Katz and Fodor have emphasized, that the meaning of a sentence is based on the meaning of its elementary parts and the manner of their combination.
It is also clear that the manner of combination structure are, in many cases, just those that determine the meaning of the sentence.
Cf., for example, Chapter i, § 4, and Chapter 2, § 2.2.
However, there are cases that suggest the need for an even more abstract notion of grammatical function and grammatical relation than any that has been developed so far, in any (19) (i) John strikes me as pompous — I regard John as (ii) I liked the play — the play pleased me (iii) John bought the book from Bill — Bill sold the book to (iv) John struck Bill — Bill received a blow at the hands Clearly, there is a meaning relation, approaching a variety of paraphrase, in these cases.
It is not expressible in transformational terms, as is possible, for example, in these cases: (20) (i) John is easy for us to please — it is easy for us to please (ii) it was yesterday that he came — he came yesterday In the case of (20), the deep structures of the paired sentences of the sort we are considering here, so that the transformational seem to be true in the case of (19), however.
For example, in the case of (191), although the deep structures would show that pompous modifies John in both sentences of the pair, they would not express the relations of the two Nouns to the Verb ones.
Thus in some sense the relation of John to strike is the same as that of John to regard, and the relation of strike to me is the same as that of regard to I.
We have no mechanism for expressing this fact, hence of accounting for the meaning relation, in terms of lexical features or grammatical subject) and deep structure (such as logical subject), there is suggest themselves, but the general problem seems to me nontrivial.
Many related problems have been raised in the extensive discussion of the distinction between the grammatical Subject and 1924; Wilson, 1926).
To mention just one, Cook Wilson maintains (1926, pp. 119 f.) that in the statement glass is elastic, if the matter of inquiry was elasticity and the question was what substances possessed the property of elasticity, glass... would no longer be subject, and the kind of stress which fell upon elastic when glass was the subject, would now be transferred to glass.  Thus in the statement glass is elastic,  glass, which has the stress, is the only word which refers to the supposed new fact in the nature of elasticity, that it is found in glass... [and therefore]... glass would have to be the predicate... .
Thus the same form of words should be analyzed differently according as the words are the answer to one question or another, and, in general, the subject and predicate are not necessarily words in the sentence, nor even something denoted by words in the sentence.
Whatever the force of such observations may be, it seems that they lie beyond the scope of any existing theory of language point out that the syntactic and semantic structure of natural languages evidently offers many mysteries, both of fact and of principle, and that any attempt to delimit the boundaries of The lexicon was described earlier simply as a set of lexical entries, each consisting of a distinctive feature matrix D and a complex symbol C, the latter being a set of features of various morphological or transformational processes apply to strings containing the items in question, features that exempt items from certain phonological rules, and so on).14 We have just seen that this account is oversimplified in the case of semantic features, further structure being necessary in the lexicon to account for field properties.
Furthermore, in Chapter 2, § 3, we pointed out somewhat further, let us, for concreteness, make a specific choice at each point where, in the discussion, we listed alternative let us assume that the proper method for inserting lexical items is by a general rule that inserts the lexical entry (D,C) in a position • • • Q • • • in a Phrasemarker (Q being a complex symbol developed by rewriting rules), where C is not distinct from Q in the technical sense of feature theory.
Thus we tentatively accept the method of § 3 of Chapter 2, rather than that suggested in Chapter 2, § 4.3.
Furthermore, let us make the empirical assumption that a grammar is more highly valued if the lexical entries and many positively specified selectional features.
Thus we tentatively accept alternative (iv) of p. ill.18 These choices do affect (ii) if the lexical entry (D,C) is not explicitly provided with feature [<p — \fj] (where a = + in the case of a strict subcategorization feature and a — — in the case of a
We also pointed out (in Chapter 2, § 3) that a convention analogous to (21 ii) can be established in the case of features corresponding to lexical categories. lexical entry for frighten (cf. (58) of Chapter 2) simply as: (22) (frighten, [+V, + — NP, [+N] — [Animate], •••]) [+ Animate]], [+[+N] — [+Human]], ••• .
Thus frighten will be specified (by (22) plus conventions) as a Verb, but not a Noun, Adjective, or Modal; as insertable in the context sincerity —John in the case where these are hierarchic rather than crossclassifying.
Let us say that the sequence of specified features ([otiFi], •> [ttn^n]) («i = + or —) is a hierarchic sequence with respect to the grammar G if [a^J is the only specified feature directly dominating [on+i/^+i], for each i < n, in G.
Thus, for example, with respect to the illustrative grammar (57) of Chapter 2 we have the hierarchic sequences Where such relationships obtain, we can utilize them to simplify (24) suppose that ([ai^J, ••• , [a,,/^]) is a maximal hierarchic sequence with respect to the grammar G, and that (D,C) is a lexical entry of G, where C contains [a„Fn].
Then C is extended automatically to C containing C along with all of the specified features [a(Ft], for each i, 1 ^ i < n.
Using this convention, we can simplify the lexical entry in (58) Let us say that the feature [aF] is lexically determined in the grammar G if there is a hierarchic sequence ([+K], • • • , [aF]) with respect to G, where K is a lexical category (a = + or —).
This is to say that if (D,C) is a lexical entry and C contains [aF], then (D,C) is necessarily a member of the lexical category K, with respect to this entry, and it is unnecessary (by virtue of convention (24)) to list [+K] in C.
In the sample grammar (57), (58) of § 3, Chapter 2, each lexical item contains lexically determined features.
Hence, it is unnecessary, in the lexicon of (58), to designate the lexical category for any item.
If every lexical entry the features [+C] and [— C], where C is a lexical category, need We have thus far considered only universal notational conventions underlying lexical representation.
However, there are every Verb in English that can occur with a DirectObject and a following Manner Adverbial can occur as well with just a DirectObject, though not conversely.21 The strict subcategorization rules of the grammatical sketch of § 3, Chapter 2, introduced the features [ — NP] and [ — NP^Manner] for Verbs, among others.
In accordance with the observation just made, we see that if a lexical item is specified in the lexicon as [1 conversely.
For example, read will be specified positively for both [ — NP] and negatively for [ — NP^Manner], since we can have resembled his father, but not J°hn resembled his father carefully (with great enthusiasm), etc.
Here again we have a not expressed in the grammar.
Clearly, what is needed is the to be interpreted in the following manner: if (D,C) is a lexical entry with distinctive feature matrix D and complex symbol C contains each specified feature [aF] of C, where F ¥= [ — NP], and Actually, the rule (26) can be further generalized.
It is also true of Intransitive Verbs that if they can take a Manner Adverbial, then they can occur without one.
What is needed is a convention permitting a variable over strings to appear in the rule generalizing (26), thus, in effect, allowing us to use part of the internal structure of the notations for lexical features.
Using <p as a string variable, we can give the rule in this form: This is to be interpreted as follows: first, select any constant string as tp; second, interpret the result in the manner described in connection with (26).
It might also be expedient to develop the obvious convention that allows (27) to be stated as a contextsensitive rule, or to allow a condition on <p to be added, where this is well defined in terms of base rules.
Let us suppose that the rule (27) applies before the conventions (21), (24).
Then such words as walk, hit will be entered in the (28) (i) (walk, [+ — Manner, • • • ]) By the rule (27) followed by the convention (21), these will be Thus walk can appear with or without a Manner Adverbial, but with no DirectObject, and hit can appear with or without a Rules such as (27), (28) are closely analogous to the phonological rules that Halle has called morpheme structure rules (Halle, 1959a, 1959ft), and that I have been referring to here These rules are designed to deal with the fact that certain Thus in an initial sequence #CC in English, if the second C is a true consonant (that is, not a liquid or a glide), the first must be [s]; if the second consonant is a liquid, the first must be an these facts are precisely of the form (26) and are interpreted in the same way, except that the features in question are phonological rather than syntactic, and, consequently, the generalization to (27) has no analogue.
We shall refer to the analogous syntactic all lexical entries, and therefore make it unnecessary to provide
Observe that a distinction must be made between the conventions (21), (24) and the syntactic redundancy rules (26), (27). from the lexicon.
The former are universal, and therefore need no specific statement in the grammar.
They are part of the procedure for interpreting grammars (the function / of (i2iv)(i4iv), Chapter 1, § 6).
The latter, on the other hand, are particular to a given language, and therefore must be given in the grammar.22 I have tried to emphasize this by calling the former rules give a fuller specification to D, and the syntactic redundancy rules give a fuller specification to C.
To this extent, the two difference between them, so far as the role that they play is concerned.
To see this, it is necessary to consider an aspect of the been fully appreciated.
The fact that there are rules for predicting has long been known, and there are many descriptive studies that give charts or rules of one sort or another to specify the set and so on.
Halles achievement was not merely to reiterate the fact that such constraints exist but to present a principled basis for selection of one set of rules rather than another to determine them.
He showed that a very general and independently motivated evaluation procedure for phonology (namely, minimization of feature specification) seems to provide such a basis.
That is, redundancy rules that defines the notion phonologically admissible in a way that, in many crucial cases, conforms to the known facts.23 He thus was able to propose an explanation for the facts of phonological admissibility, in place of a mere description — in other words, to give a general, languageindependent definition of the notions accidental gap (such as, in English, /blik/) and systematic gap (such as, in English, /bnik/), in place of an ad hoc chart or list.
The real function of the phonological redundancy rules is to determine the class of phonologically admissible (though perhaps nonoccurring) sequences in a principled way.
To the extent that they succeed in proposes, as well as the system of constraints on phonological rules that this procedure presupposes.
But there is no really convincing analogue to the notion of phonological admissibility in the case of the syntactic redundancy rules.
Consequently, it is an open question whether these have the significance of the This observation suggests that we seek an analogue to the distinction between accidental and systematic gaps, on the syntactic level.
In fact, from a purely formal point of view, the syntactic redundancy rules do make a distinction between possible, precisely as the phonological redundancy rules do.
In both cases, entries (possibility with respect to a particular language, that is, But in general not all of the possibilities will be actually realized in the lexicon.
What must be shown is that this formal tripartite distinction of occurring, possible but nonoccurring, and impossible has the significance in the syntactic case that it clearly does in the phonological case.
Thus what must be shown is that the possible but nonoccurring lexical entries have the status of accidental semantic gaps in the sense that they correspond to lexical items that the language does not provide for specifically but could in principle incorporate with no alteration of the general semantic system within which it functions.
I have no The study of syntactic redundancy rules is a large topic in should like to consider briefly some of the problems that arise in the attempt to deal with morphological processes within a framework of the sort that has been outlined earlier.
It is useful to compare two ways of dealing with questions of inflectional morphology, namely the traditional method of paradigms and the descriptivist method of morphemic analysis.
Since English is too poor in inflection to illustrate this difference, we shall turn to German for examples.
In a traditional grammar, a particular occurrence of a Noun would be described in terms of its place in a system of paradigms defined by certain inflectional declensional type.
Each of these categories constitutes an independent dimension of the paradigm, and each word has a Thus the word Briider in the phrase der Briider would be in terms of syntactic features.
Regarding each of the dimensions of the system of paradigms as a multivalued feature, with the specifications being not + and — but, let us say, integers conventionally associated with the traditional designations,28 we can represent the Phrasemarker of the sentence • • • der Briider • • • as occurrence of Briider, there will be a feature matrix indicating that this formative is assigned to the categories [1 Gender], [2 Number], [2 Case], and [1 DC] (as well as to many others represented in (30) simply by • • •).
Notice that the specified features [1 Gender] and [1 DC] are inherent to this formative (that is, they are part of the complex symbol C of the lexical entry (Bruder, C)) and that [2 Number] and [2 Case] are introduced by grammatical rules.
Presumably, the specified feature [2 Number] is introduced by a contextfree rule of the base applying to Nouns,27 and specified feature [2 Case] is introduced by a rule that does not belong to the base subcomponent of the syntax at all but rather to its transformational part (cf. note 35, Chapter 2).
If so, then of these features only [2 Number] will be a feature of the preterminal symbol for which Bruder is substituted by the lexical rule, and all but [2 Case] will appear in the that the specification [1 DC] might be introduced by a redundancy rule that, in this case, takes into account both phonological and other lexical features.
A rule of the (interpretive) Bruder.
This rule will assert that a Vowel is fronted in a [1 DC]. (A separate rule that is quite general would specify that /(V)n/ is suffixed if, furthermore, it belongs to the category The system of paradigms is simply described as a system of features, one (or perhaps some hierarchic configuration) corresponding to each of the dimensions that define the system of matrix of the lexical entry, giving, finally, a phonetic matrix. example, if declensional type depends on Gender), or where they are partially determined by other aspects of a formative, redundancy rules of the kind discussed earlier will apply. is rather different from the traditional approach that we have just restated in our terms.
In place of the traditional categories Bruder in (30) would perhaps be represented in the manner of where each of these elements is regarded as a single morpheme, DC± being a kind of class marker.28 Rules would then be given Respresentations such as (31) are clumsy for a grammar based for this.
For one thing, many of these morphemes are not phonetically realized and must therefore be regarded, in particular contexts, as zero elements.
In each such case a specific in question is phonetically null.
But this extensive set of rules is must be provided for the paradigmatic analysis (30) and for the morphemic analysis (31).
In the case of (31), we first apply a rule stating that the Vowel is fronted in the context:—DC^ ••• Plural •••, where the item in question is a Noun.
In the case of (30), we have the corresponding rule that the Vowel is fronted when the item in question has the features [DC 1] and [2 Number].
But in the case of the morphemic analysis we now have the additional rules stating that in such contexts as (31), all four analysis (30), we simply give no rule at all expressing the fact that certain features are phonetically unrealized, just as we give no rule expressing the fact that [+N], or, for that matter, NP, is systems, as well as the fact that (as in the example) the effect of the inflectional categories may be partially or even totally internal, representations to which they apply are in the form (31).
However, suppletion and internal modification cause no special morphemes in many of the grammatical rules.
For example, in the case of (31), the rule for fronting of the Vowel must refer to the morpheme Masculine, and this is the usual situation in the case elements, not being part of the terminal string, need not be referred to at all in the rules to which they are not relevant.
Finally, notice that the order of morphemes is often quite arbitrary, whereas this arbitrariness is avoided in the paradigmatic treatment, the features being unordered.
I know of no compensating advantage for the modern descriptivist reanalysis of traditional paradigmatic formulations in terms of morpheme sequences.
This seems, therefore, to be an of features or sequential morphemic analysis is available, whichever permits the optimal and most general statement of some aspect of the syntactic or phonological system.
It seems that in inflectional systems, the paradigmatic analysis has many advantages and is to be preferred, though there may be cases where some compromise should be made.30 It is difficult to say anything more definite, since there have been so few attempts to give way that would have some bearing on the theoretical issues If we assume now that the paradigmatic solution is the correct one, it follows that we must allow the transformational component to contain rules that alter and expand the matrix of (or features) of Case must in general be specified by rules that effect. (See note 35 of Chapter 2.) Similarly, rules of agreement connection, Postal, 1964a, pp. 43L), and these rules add to Phrasemarkers specified features that enter into particular formatives, dominating their phonological matrices.
In the case of (30), for to the Article all of the feature specifications for [Gender], [Number], and [Case] of the Noun it modifies.
Thus we must have a rule that might be given in the form: This rule is interpreted as asserting that in a string analyzable as (X, Article, Y, N, Z), where the second plus third plus fourth elements constitute an NP, the second element is to be assigned to the categories [a Gender], [/3 Number], and [y Case] if the fourth element is of these categories, a, /?, and y being variables that range over integers.
This rule thus asserts that the Article agrees with its Noun in Gender, Number, and Case.
In particular, rule (32) assigns to the formative definite32 in (30) the features [1 Gender], [2 Number], [2 Case].
This formative, so categorized, would be converted to /der/ by rules of the phonology.
The rule (32) is a transformational rule of the usual kind except that it introduces specified features instead of only nonlexical formatives.
Thus the features play a role which is intermediate between that of formatives and that of true categories with respect to the operation of transformational rules, as is quite natural.
There is no particular difficulty in extending the theory of transformations to allow for the formulation of for traditional rules of agreement.
Regarding features as constituent elements of formatives, these transformational rules Formally, rules of agreement such as (32) are quite analogous to the rules of assimilation of the phonological component.
For example, in English, as in many other languages, nasals are neutralized before stops, so that the words limp, lint, link, send, in lexical entries, where /N/ = [fnasal] and the other symbols The nasal assimilates to the following consonant with respect to the features of gravity and compactness, so that we have the rule interpreted in the manner of rule (32).33 Thus (33) asserts that the features [a grave] and [/3 compact] are added to a [+ nasal] that precedes an [a grave], \fi compact] consonant, where a, f3 range over {+, —}.
It asserts, in other words, that the nasal is /m/ before labials, /n/ before dentals, and /rj/ before velars (where the voiced velar then drops in certain positions, giving /sirj#/, etc. — I have not given the full statement of required In the case of rule (32), the features added are, apparently, the only features associated with the nonlexical item definite (but cf. matrix of features — for example, the rule assigning features of a Noun to a modifying Adjective.
The latter, being a lexical item, will have an independent feature matrix of its own, which is expanded by the agreement rule.
The Adjective, in this case, is rule, and its features will include its inherent features (those given in its lexical entry) and those associated with the complex symbol It seems, then, that the traditional approach to the description of inflectional systems can be formalized quite readily this appears to be the most natural way to deal with inflectional derivational morphology, I should like to mention a few additional problems that arise when inflectional features are considered in further detail.
We have been regarding a lexical item as a set of phonological, semantic, and syntactic features.
When inserted into a Phrasemarker, a lexical item may acquire other features beyond those inherent to it in the lexicon.
Thus if we adopt the method of lexical insertion described in § 3 of Chapter 2, then contextual features may be added to the lexical entry beyond those that it already contains; and, quite apart from this, such features as [a Number] are inherent to the Phrasemarker rather than the lexical item, as we have just observed, and become part of the formative only after it is inserted into a Phrasemarker. (since case often depends on aspects of surface rather than deep structure — but see note 35, Chapter 2), and certain features that are inherent to Nouns (such as Gender) are assigned to Verbs and Adjectives only by transformations.
We have been assuming that these various operations simply extend the set of We have mentioned in several places (Chapter 3, notes 1 and 13, and pp. i44f.) that deletions must be recoverable, and have suggested that this condition can be formalized by the following an erasure transformation can use a term X of its proper analysis to erase a term Y of the proper analysis only if X and Y are identical.
In the case of lexical items, identity might be taken
In some cases this decision has just the right consequences. discussed previously (p. 145).
Just as the generalized Phrasemarker for the string I saw the [# the man was clever #] boy is not the deep structure underlying any wellformed surface structure and hence does not provide the semantic interpretation for any sentence (cf. pp. 137138), so the generalized Phrasemarker for I saw the [# the boys were clever #] boy does not underlie a sentence.
This is so because the element boys (containing the feature [+Plural]) is not identical with the element boy (containing the feature [—Plural]) just as the element man is not identical
But matters do not always work out quite this smoothly.
In this case, the sentence is formed from the underlying deep tures constituting the lexical formatives of (35) are not given explicitly, but, rather, indicated by • • • .
To derive (34) from (35) that of Bill is clever.
Next, they reapply to the full configuration (35), which has, at this point (omitting various refinements), Jonn is more than [# Bill is clever #] clever formulated as an erasure operation that uses the Adjective of the embedded sentence.34 Thus it applies to a string of this form: NP —is —— • •• # NP is — Adjective # — Adjective (where • • • — • • • is asas, morethan, etc.), deleting 5 and #.
Finally, it permutes 4 and 6 (technically, it places 4 to the right of 6,
A final option is to delete the repeated copula, giving (34).
But recall that the deletion of the Adjective in the fifth position of (37) by the comparative transformation is possible only of the final copula in (38) requires identity of the two copulas.
In the case of (34), derived from (35), this causes no difficulty.
But consider the example (39), or the perfectly analogous French In the case of (39), deletion of the Adjective is straightforward, but our deletion conventions should prevent the deletion of the copula, since it has the feature [—Plural] in the embedded in the case of (40), the deletion of the Adjective of the embedded sentence should be blocked, since it differs from the Adjective of These observations suggest that it may not be correct to regard a formative simply as a set of features, some inherent and some added by transformation and as a consequence of insertion into a Phrasemarker.
In particular, it seems from such examples as these that the features added to a formative by agreement transformations are not part of the formative in the same sense as those which are inherent to it or as those which it assumes as it enters a Phrasemarker.
Thus in the case of the relative transformation, plurality of the Noun (which is a feature that the Noun assumes as it enters a Phrasemarker) is a feature that must be considered in determining whether it is identical to another Noun, as we have just seen.
However, in the case of Adjectives and the copula (also Verbs, which take part in similar rules) the inflectional features that are added by agreement transformations are apparently not considered in determining whether the item in question is strictly identical with some other item.35 Some further support for this conclusion is given by such (41) (i) John is a more clever man than Bill (ii) The Golden Notebook is as intricate a novel as Tristram It is clear that the deep structures for these three sentences must
Tristram, Shandy is a novel, Bill is a lawyer, respectively.
Thus (4liii) implies that Bill is a lawyer; similarly, one cannot replace Bill by Mary in (4ii).36 Sentences (4ii) and (41 ii) pose no problems.
But consider (41 iii).
However the transformational rules are actually formulated, it is clear that we are deleting successful and a lawyer as Predicates of Bill in the underlying structure.
But the deletion of a lawyer, in particular, is and the string with which it is compared is not a lawyer but I know several [# S #] lawyers.
Here, then, is a case where for the purposes of a deletion operation, as contrasted with the case of relativization, discussed earlier, where a distinction in the feature of plurality was sufficient to block deletion.
The crucial difference apparently is that in this case, the Noun Phrase in question is in Predicate position and therefore receives its number not inherently (as in the example discussed in connection Thus we cannot have They are a lawyer, Bill is several lawyers, etc., and such facts as these show that PredicateNominals must be neutral with regard to number.
Hence, the conflict in number between the italicized Noun Phrases of I know several lawyers and Bill is a lawyer is on a par with the (cf. (40)).
In both cases, the conflicting features are introduced These examples suggest two conclusions.
First, features introduced by transformation into lexical formatives are not to be considered in determining when deletion is permitted; a formative, in other words, is to be regarded as a pair of sets of features, one member of the pair consisting of features that are inherent to the lexical entry or the position of lexical insertion, the second member of the pair consisting of features added by is not identity but rather nondistinctness in the sense of distinctive feature theory (cf.
Chapter 2, § 2.3.2).
Thus consider once again the case of I know several lawyers — Bill is a lawyer.
The PredicateNominal of the latter is not singular, in the base structure; rather, it is unspecified with respect to number exactly as the nasal is unspecified with respect to point of articulation in the lexical representations of the formatives king, find, lamp, etc.
Hence, it is not identical with the corresponding nominal element of I know several lawyers; it is, rather, nondistinct from it, and the example suggests that this is sufficient to permit Notice that this analysis of a formative as a pair of sets of features need not actually be described or mentioned in any way in the rules of the grammar, since it is, apparently, determined by a general convention regarding the form of grammar.
In other words, we are tentatively proposing it for consideration as see note 2 of Chapter 2).
If this proposal is a correct one, then the analysis of formatives that we have suggested is a general only apparent alternative to the proposal just advanced is a revision of the general conditions suggested earlier on the order feasible, I do not know; but in any event, the proposal just discussed seems clearly preferable.
Summarizing, we seem to be led to the conclusion that nondistinctness rather than strict identity is what is involved in deletion, and that only those features of a formative that are inherent either to its lexical entry or to the position in the sentence where it is inserted are to be considered in determining nondistinctness.
Formally, we can say that a formative must be regarded as a pair of sets of features, one member consisting of the inherent features of the lexical entry or the sentence position, the other member consisting of the noninherent features operations, then, is this: a term X of the proper analysis can be used to erase a term Y of the proper analysis just in case the inherent part of the formative X is not distinct from the inherent part of the formative Y.
But notice that this is an entirely natural decision to reach.
The original intuition motivating this condition was that deletions should, in some sense, be recoverable; and that are determined by the context, hence that are recoverable even if deleted.
Similarly, it is natural to base the operation on nondistinctness rather than identity, because the features unspecified in underlying structures (such as number, in predicate rules, and are, in fact, simply a reflection of context.
Thus they are recoverable in the sense that the context that determined them is still present in the string after deletion of the item in Consider now one last set of questions relating to the comparalexical insertion proposed in § 3 of Chapter 2 and based on nondistinctness, rather than that proposed in § 4.3 of Chapter 2.
In [+[[Animate]—]) added to it by selectional rules of the base component (in this case, (57XV) of Chapter 2, now revised as (13) of this chapter).
But we clearly must allow such sentences as John is heavier than this rock; and in this case, heavy will have the feature [postAnimate] in the matrix sentence and the feature [postInanimate] in the embedded sentence of the Phrasemarker corresponding to (35) (this Phrasemarker will be identical with (35) except that each occurrence of clever in (35) will be replaced by heavy; and Bill, with the features [(Animate], •••, is replaced by the rock, with the features [—Animate], •••, associated with rock).
Hence, the two occurrences of heavy that are compared when we attempt to apply the comparative feature [postAnimate] and the other the feature [postInanimate].
As matters now stand, this difference of feature composition does not make the two items distinct from one another, in the technical sense of feature theory (that is, it is not the case that one of them is marked [+F] and the other [—F], for some feature [F].
Furthermore, it would be natural to regard these contextual features of the Adjective as noninherent, in the sense of There is, however, one class of examples that suggests that in certain cases a difference in the composition of two formatives with respect to such features as [postAnimate] should suffice to (42) (i) John is as sad as the book he read yesterday (ii) he exploits his employees more than the opportunity to Clearly, these are deviant and must be marked as such in a differ in selectional features from the items with which they are compared.
Thus sad is [postAnimate] in the matrix sentence of possibly this might be regarded as the factor that blocks the these cases, would be to assume that two homonymous lexical entries are involved, in each of the examples of (42).39 In introducing examples of this sort, however, we touch on problems of homonymity and range of meaning that are cloaked in such obscurity, for the moment, that no conclusions at all can be any sort of generative (that is, explicit) grammar than do inflectional systems.
This results from the fact that they are typically examples briefly, without, however, arriving at any very satisfactory way of dealing with the problems that arise. transformations of the sort that form the sentences their destruction of the property..., their refusal to participate... , etc.
Clearly, the words destruction, refusal, etc., will not be entered in the lexicon as such.
Rather, destroy and refuse will be entered in the lexicon with a feature specification that determines the phonetic form they will assume (by later phonological rules) when they appear in nominalized sentences.
A details are omitted,41 and where Flt •••, Fm, Gu ••, Gn stand for specified features.
It is not at all clear that destruction or refusal should be regarded as Nouns in their destruction of the property... , their refusal to come... (although refusal happens to be a Noun in their refusal surprised me, which derives in the nominalized PredicatePhrase as a whole might be said to occupy the Noun position.
In any event, phonological rules will refuse becomes refusal, and so on.42 To have the proper effect, these rules must, of course, take account of inherent features associated with items in lexical entries, namely the features that determine which form of nom these items take.
In such cases as the syntactic generative rules as well as the rules of semantic Notice, incidentally, that in the light of these remarks we must revise the description of the example (1) of Chapter 2 (^sincerity may frighten John), which served as a basis for surely not be entered into the lexicon, though sincere would.
Sincerity is formed by a transformation, and is a defective Predicate in just the same way as refusal is a defective Predicate in their refusal surprised me or the refusal surprised me.
That is to say, there is a transformational rule that operates come), can be regarded as a Noun.
The phrase sincerity appears as a full NP, in a manner which we shall not describe in an Unspecified Subject and the matrix sentence in which it is embedded has a nonDefinite Article.
Details aside, it is clear that, contrary to what we assumed earlier, sincerity is not introduced in (1) of Chapter 2 by the lexical rule, so that actually even this very simple sentence is the result of a transformational as those that are involved in the formation of such words as that matter, such words as frighten, in the example (1) of Chapter 2).
In these cases, there are no rules of any generality that produce the derived items, as there are in the case of sincerity, destruction, and so on.
Hence, it seems that these items must be entered in the lexicon directly.
This, however, is a very unfortunate conclusion, since it is clear that from the point of view of both the semantic and the phonological interpretation it is Their meaning is clearly to some extent predictable (or at least that they contain, and it is easy to show that internal structure must be assigned to these items if the phonological rules are to Miller, 1963; and, for a detailed statement, Halle and Chomsky, This dilemma is typical of a wide class of examples with varying degrees of productivity, and it is not at all clear how it is to be resolved, or, in fact, whether there is any nonad hoc solution that can be achieved at all.43 Perhaps one must regard the gaps as accidental, at least in some such cases, and incorporate in the well as actual cases.
Alternatively, it may be necessary to extend the theory of the lexicon to permit some internal computation, in place of simple application of the general lexical rule in the these items being entered into strings by means of the general these now being inserted in strings formed by prior insertion in preterminal strings of items selected from (44).
There may be several layers of such extension of base derivations within the However, the rule that replaces categories such as Stem4 by items of (45) must be formulated with some care.
There are
Thus Stemj can be replaced by graph, scope, phone in the context tele —, but not by scope or phone in the context phono —.
The same is true in the other cases.
More seriously, these extensions of base derivations within the lexicon must in general depend also on the feature composition of the item being analyzed.
Thus Stem3 can be rewritten fright in the context — en only when the features Hv H2, • • • of (44m) indicate that it is a pure transitive, takes only Animate Object, etc.
In other words, provision must be made for the fact that frighten is not a Verb of the same type as redden or soften, and this can only be done by taking into account the feature composition of the only partially specified lexical entries of (44) as well as the feature composition of the items of (45) that substitute for the categories appearing in the entries of (44).
Precisely how such rules should be formulated is not at all clear to me.
It may be possible to determine the relying on a reapplication of the lexical rule to insert the items appropriately.
Alternatively, it may be better to allow the lexicon to contain contextsensitive rewriting rules to effect these course preferable, since it does not affect the structure of the lexicon.
The lexicon would, under this alternative, be simply a list of entries, and the lexical rule (now inapplicable) would be the only rule involving lexical entries.
However, I do not know whether this approach will prove feasible when it is attempted for extending base derivations, we shall have a complex symbol above the level of lexical categories, with the substantial enrichment of linguistic theory and corresponding reduction in its of complex symbols to lexical categories implies that no complex that within a word, branching must be permitted in a configuration dominated by a complex symbol.44 In the light of such examples, we may have to relax the requirement (pp. 112113) that branching is not tolerated within the dominance scope of a complex symbol.
This restriction seems to hold only above the level of the word.
With this modification, we still retain the earlier restriction of complex symbols to examples.
In the case of such words as frighten, one might seek afraid, this in turn deriving from the abstract structure it makes S where S dominates John is afraid.
Adjectives would then have to be divided in the lexicon into two classes depending on whether or not they undergo this transformation.
Thus, afraid, red, soft would be in one category; whereas happy, green, tender would be in the other.
Conceivably, we might go on to analyze such words as wizen, chasten as based on a similar analysis, with the underlying Adjective designated lexically as one that must undergo this transformational process (in the case of chasten, the underlying form would have to be lexically distinguished from the homonymous Adjective that belongs to the in question).
Such an analysis could be extended to many other forms — for example, such Verbs as enrage, clarify.
It might even be extended to account for such words as drop, grow, discussed in note 15 of Chapter 2, where it was observed that the Intransitive occurrences cannot be derived from underlying Transitives. of he dropped the ball, he grows corn, etc., from an underlying structure of the form he caused S, where S is the structure underlying the ball drops, corn grows, and so on.
A number of syntactic arguments might be given in favor of a general There is no doubt that items must be specified lexically in terms of the operations that apply to them; this is particularly clear from a consideration of phonological rules, but is no less true of syntactic processes.
Much of lexical structure is, in fact, simply a classification induced by the system of phonological and syntactic rules.
Postal has suggested, furthermore, that there should be a general analysis of lexical items with respect to each rule R, into those which must, those which may, and those which cannot be subject to R, and has investigated some of the consequences of with the problems that arise when the structure of a lexicon is lacking beyond the word level as well.
Consider, for example, such phrases as take for granted, which abound in English.
From a semantic and distributional point of view, this phrase seems to be a single lexical item, and it therefore must be entered in the lexicon as such, with its unique set of syntactic and semantic features.
On the other hand, its behavior with respect to Once again, then, we have a lexical item with a rich internal structure.
In such a phrase as take offense at the problem is more acute.
Again, distributional as well as semantic considerations suggest that this is a lexical item, but certain transformations apply to this phrase as if offense were a normal Noun Phrase (cf.
I didnt think that any offense would be taken at of related problems.
To some extent, the Particle is a fairly free Adverbial element, as in I brought the book (in, out, up, (such as look up, bring off, look over).
In all cases, however, the syntactic structure is apparently the same, with respect see no way, for the present, to give a thoroughly satisfactory bring in (the book), and so on, are of course not to be confused § 2.3.4.
There we noted that certain Verbs were in close construetion with certain Adverbials (for example, decide on the boat, in the sense of choose the boat), and that these Verb^Adverbial constructions are very different from others (such as decide (while) on the boat) that involve a much looser association of Verb and Adverbial.
In these close constructions, the choice of Particle is often narrowly or even uniquely constrained by the choice of Verb (for example, argue with X about Y).
We must therefore indicate in the lexical entry for such words as decide, argue, that they take certain particles and not others, as, in fact, is commonly done in dictionaries.
This information can be presented in various ways.
One possibility is to develop the Adverbial freely and to assign a contextual feature to the Verb (for example, to decide, the contextual feature [ — on^NP], to argue, the feature [ — with^NP^about^NP]).
If either of the methods of lexical insertion described in Chapter 2, § 4.3 is used, the Verbs in question will now be inserted only in the permitted structure required for further rules.
A second possibility is to develop the Adverbial freely but to give the lexical entry as a sequence of formatives, much as in the case of telescope, take for granted, and so on.
Thus we would have the entries decide # on, then, will be an erasure transformation that will use the freely Particles of the lexical entries.
Under this alternative, we rely lexical insertion takes place.
Still a third possibility would be to enter the lexical items in the manner just proposed, and to derive the Adverbials with a dummy element in the Prepositionposition, then distributing the Particles of the lexical entry by The same choices, incidentally, are also available in Verb^Particle constructions.
In this case, however, the Phrasemarker that I see little basis for choosing among these alternatives at the moment; until sharper criteria are discovered, these can only be Obviously, this discussion by no means exhausts the complexity or variety of topics that, so far, resist systematic and revealing grammatical description.
It is possible that we are approaching here the fringe of marginal cases, to be expected in a system as complex as a natural language, where significant systematization is just not possible.
Still, it is much too early to draw this conclusion with any confidence and, even if it is eventually justified, we still must face the problem of extracting whatever subregularities exist in this domain.
In any event, the questions we have touched on here have not yet been illuminated in any serious way by approaching them within the framework of any explicit grammatical theory.
For the present, one can these limitations are intrinsic, or whether a deeper analysis can succeed in unraveling some of these difficulties, remains an open 1.
To accept traditional mentalism, in this way, is not to accept Bloomfields dichotomy of mentalism versus mechanism.
Mentalistic linguistics is simply theoretical linguistics that uses performance as data (along with other data, for example, the data the latter being taken as the primary object of its investigation.
The mentalist, in this traditional sense, need make no assumptions about the possible physiological basis for the mental reality that he studies.
In particular, he need not deny that there is such a basis.
One would guess, rather, that it is the mentalistic studies that will ultimately be of greatest value for the investigation of In fact, the issue of mentalism versus antimentalism in linguistics apparently has to do only with goals and interests, and not with questions of truth or falsity, sense or nonsense.
At least three issues are involved in this rather idle controversy: (a) dualism — are the medium?; (b) behaviorism — do the data of performance exhaust the domain of interest to the linguist, or is he also concerned with other facts, in particular those pertaining to the deeper systems use of introspective data in the attempt to ascertain the properties of these underlying systems.
It is the dualistic position against is not an arguable matter.
It is simply an expression of lack of interest in theory and explanation.
This is clear, for example, in elements.
For Twaddell, the enterprise has no point because all that interests him is the behavior itself, which is already available for the student of language, though in less concentrated form. itself in the proposal to limit the term theory to summary of data (as in Twaddells paper, or, to take a more recent example, in Dixon, 1963, although the discussion of theories in the latter is sufficiently vague as to allow other interpretations of what he may have in mind).
Perhaps this loss of interest in theory, in the usual sense, was fostered by certain ideas (e.g., strict operationalism philosophy of science, but rejected forthwith, in the early nineteenthirties.
In any event, question (b) poses no substantive issue.
Question (c) arises only if one rejects the behaviorist limitations of (b).
To maintain, on grounds of methodological purity, himself) should be disregarded is, for the present, to condemn the study of language to utter sterility.
It is difficult to imagine what possible reason might be given for this.
We return to this This has been denied recently by several European linguists (e.g., Dixon, 1963; Uhlenbeck, 1963, 1964).
They offer no reasons for their skepticism concerning traditional grammar, however.
Whatever evidence is available today seems to me to show that by and large the traditional views are basically correct, so far as they go, example, consider Uhlenbecks proposal that the constituent analysis of the man saw the boy is [the man saw] [the boy], a proposal which presumably also implies that in the sentences [the man put] [it into the box], [the man aimed] [it at John], [the man persuaded] [Bill that it was unlikely], etc., the constituents are as indicated.
There are many considerations relevant to the determination of constituent structure (cf. note 7); to my knowledge, this proposal, for which the only argument offered is that it is the result of a pure linguistic analysis.
Cf.
Uhlenbeck (1964), and the discussion there.
As to Dixons objections to traditional grammars, since he offers neither any alternative nor any argument (beyond the correct but irrelevant observation that they have been
long condemned by professional linguists), there is nothing further to discuss, in this case.
Furthermore, it seems to me that speech perception is also best studied in this framework.
See, for example, Halle and Stevens Tests that seem to determine a useful notion of this sort have been described in various places — for example, Miller and Isard (1963). 5.
These characterizations are equally vague, and the concepts involved are equally obscure.
The notion likely to be produced or that there is some clear meaning to the notion probability of a sentence or probability of a sentence type.
Actually, the latter notions are objective and antecedently clear only if probability is based on an estimate of relative frequency and if sentence type (Furthermore, if the notion is to be at all significant, these classes likely and acceptable as grammatical ones.) But in this case, though probability of a sentence (type) is clear and well defined, it is an utterly useless notion, since almost all highly acceptable indistinguishable from zero and will belong to sentence types with more likely, in any objective sense of this word, than the others.
This remains true if we consider, not likelihood, but likelihood relative to a given situation, as long as situations are specified in terms of observable physical properties and are not mentalistic constructs.
It is noteworthy that linguists who talk of hardheaded objective study of use of sentences in real situations, when they actually come to citing examples, invariably describe the situations in completely mentalistic terms.
Cf., e.g., Dixon (1963, p. 101), where, in the only illustrative example in the book, a sentence is described as gaining its meaning from the situation British Culture.
To describe British culture as a situation is, in the first place, a category mistake; furthermore, to regard it as a pattern abstracted from observed behavior, and hence objectively describable in purely physical terms, betrays a complete misunderstanding of what might be expected from anthropological 6.
That it may be true is suggested by several (for the moment, quite (1963, p. 286) the following example is cited: anyone who feels that if so many more students whom we havent actually admitted are sitting in on the course than ones we have that the room had to be changed, then probably auditors will have to be excluded, is likely to agree that the curriculum needs revision.
This contains of felicitous style, it seems fairly comprehensible, and not extremely low on the scale of acceptability.
In comparison, selfembedding of degree two or three seems to disturb acceptability much more severely.
The matter is worth studying, since a positive result 7.
It has sometimes been claimed that the traditional coordinated structures are necessarily rightrecursive (Yngve, i960) or leftrecursive (Harman, 1963, p. 613, rule 3i).
These conclusions seem to me equally unacceptable.
Thus to assume (with Harman) that the phrase a tall, young, handsome, intelligent man has the no more justifiable than to assume that it has the structure [tall [young [handsome [intelligent man]]]].
In fact, there is no grammatical motivation for any internal structure, and, as I have just noted, the assumption that there is no structure is also supported [young man]] or, perhaps [YOUNG [intelligent man]], with contrastive stress on young), but the issue is rather whether it is The same is true if we consider the very different type of AdjectiveNoun construction that we find in such phrases as all the of these various kinds of modification relations, see Oman, 1964).
Here, too, neither the structure [[young, old] and middleaged] nor Similarly, it is surely impossible to assume, with Yngve, that in the phrase John, Mary, and their two children the structure is [John] [[Mary] [and their two children]], so that John is coordinated with Mary and their two children, the latter being analyzed into the coordinated items Mary and their two children.
This is entirely counter to the sense.
Notice, again, that conjunction can have this structure (e.g., John, as well as Mary and her child), but surely it is false to claim that it must have this In these cases all known syntactic, semantic, phonetic, and perceptual considerations converge in support of the traditional view branching).
Notice also that this is the weakest assumption.
The burden of proof rests on one who claims additional structure beyond this.
There are various ways of justifying assignment of constituent structure.
For example, in such a phrase as all (none) of the blue, green, red, and (or) yellow pennants, if one wanted to argue that blue, green, red is a constituent (i.e., that the structure is leftbranching), or that green, red, and (or) yellow is a have to show that these analyses are required for some grammatical there are perceptual grounds for the analysis, or something of this sort.
All of these claims are patently false in this case, and the be assigned to old and middleaged in young, old, and middleaged voters or to green, red, or yellow in none of the blue, green, red, or yellow pennants or to Mary and their two children in John, Mary, and their two children; the phonetic rules explicitly preclude such constituent analysis; there are no grammatical rules that require these analyses; there are no perceptual or other arguments to support them.
It seems difficult, then, to see any grounds for objecting to the traditional analysis and Yngve (i960, and several other papers) has proposed a different theory to account for certain observations such as those of (4).
Beyond the obvious condition of finiteness of memory, his theory assumes also that order of generation is identical with order of production — that the speaker and hearer produce sentences from toptobottom (they first decide on the major structures, then the substructures of these, etc., leaving to the very end of the process the choice of lexical items).
Under this highly restrictive additional as well as nesting and selfembedding, contribute to depth in it would be necessary to show (a) that it has some initial plausibility, and (6) that leftbranching and multiplebranching in fact contribute to unacceptability exactly as do nesting and selfembedding.
As to (a), I see no plausibility at all to the assumption that the speaker must uniformly select sentence type, then determine subcategories, etc., finally, at the last stage, deciding what he is going to talk about; or that the hearer should invariably make to (b), the hypothesis is supported by no evidence at all.
The and hence are irrelevant to the hypothesis, since the unacceptability in this case follows from the assumption of finiteness alone note 7) are the most acceptable (rather than the least acceptable, sense.
It also fails to explain why examples of type (41V), such as namely, that some transformations can be used to decrease nesting, hence to reduce the perceptual load.
This suggests an interesting rules.
Some additional weight to this argument is given by the discussion of performance models involving transformational grammars in Miller and Chomsky (1963, Part 2). g.
It is astonishing to find that even this truism has recently been challenged.
See Dixon (1963).
However, it seems that when Dixon denies that a language has infinitely many sentences, he is using the term infinite in some special and rather obscure sense.
Thus on the same page (p. 83) on which he objects to the assertion that there are an infinite number of sentences in a language he states that we are clearly unable to say that there is any definite number, N, such that no sentence contains more than N clauses (that is, he states that the language is infinite).
Either this is a blatant selfcontradiction, or else he has some new sense of die word infinite in mind.
For further discussion of his remarks in this connection, see Chomsky (in press). 10.
Aside from terminology, I follow here the exposition in Katz and Postal (1964).
In particular, I shall assume throughout that the semantic component is essentially as they describe it and that the 11.
I assume throughout that the syntactic component contains a lexicon, and that each lexical item is specified in the lexicon in terms of its intrinsic semantic features, whatever these may be.
I 12.
In place of die terms deep structure and surface structure, one of a sentence and outer form of a sentence.
However, though it seems to me that deep structure and surface structure, in the sense in which these terms will be used here, do correspond quite closely to Humboldtian inner form and outer form, respectively (as used of a sentence), I have adopted the more neutral in modern philosophy in something roughly like the sense here Oberflachengrammatik, 1953, p. 168); Hockett uses similar terminology in his discussion of the inadequacy of taxonomic linguistics (Hockett, 1958, Chapter 29).
Postal has used the terms underlying structure and superficial structure (Postal, 19646) for the The distinction between deep and surface structure, in the sense in which these terms are used here, is drawn quite clearly in the pp. 1516; forthcoming) for some discussion and references.
In philosophical discussion, it is often introduced in an attempt to show analogies, the surface structure of certain expressions being mistakenly considered to be semantically interpretable by means appropriate only to other, superficially similar sentences.
Thus Thomas Reid (1785) holds a common source of philosophical error in all languages, there are phrases which have a distinct meaning; while at the same time, there may be something in the structure of them that disagrees with the analogy of grammar or with the principles of philosophy... .
Thus, we speak of feeling pain as if pain was something distinct from the feeling of it.
We speak of pain coming and going, and removing from one place to another.
Such phrases are meant by those who use them in a sense that is neither obscure nor false.
But the philosopher puts them into his alembic, reduces them to their first principles, draws out of them a sense that was never meant, and so imagines that he has discovered an error of the vulgar [pp. 167168].
More generally, he criticizes the theory of ideas as based on a deviation from the popular meaning, in which to have an idea of anything signifies nothing more than to think of it (p. 105).
But philosophers take an idea to be the object that the mind contemplates (p. 105); to have an idea, then, is to possess in the mind such an image, picture, or representation as the immediate object of thought.
It follows that there are two objects of thought: the idea, which is in the mind, and the thing represented by it.
From this conclusion follow the absurdities, as Reid regards them, of the traditional theory of ideas.
One of the sources of these absurdities is the failure of the philosopher to attend to the distinction between the operations of the mind and the objects of these operations... although this distinction be familiar to the vulgar, and found in the structure of all languages... (p. no).
Notice that these two senses of having an idea are distinguished by Descartes in the Preface to the Meditations (1641, p. 138).
Marsais, in a work published posthumously in 1769, in the following passage (pp. 179180): Ainsi, comme nous avons dit jai un livre, jai un diamant, jai une montre, nous disons par imitation, jai la fievre, jai envie, jai peur, jai un doute, jai pitie, jai une idee, etc.
Mais livre, diamant, montre sont autant de noms dobjects rebels qui existent sante, fievre, peur, doute, envie, ne sont que des termes mitaphysiques qui ne d^signent que des manieres detres considered Dans cet exemple, jai une montre, jai est une expression qui doit etre prise dans le sens propre: mais dans jai une idee, jai nest dit que par une imitation.
Cest une expression empruntee.
Jai une idee, cestadire, je pense, je concois de telle ou telle maniere.
Jai envie, cestadire, je desire; jai la volonte, r^els, et encore moins des etres sensibles que Ton puisse unir In more recent years, it has been widely held that the aims of philosophy should, in fact, be strictly limited to the detection of These descriptions are not fully accurate.
In fact, the sentential complement in (10) should, more properly, be regarded as embedded in a PrepositionalPhrase (cf.
Chapter 3); and, as Peter should be regarded as embedded in the NounPhrase Object of (10) and (11) is incorrect, and there are other modifications relating to the marking of the passive transformation, to which we It seems clear that many children acquire first or second languages quite successfully even though no special care is taken to teach them and no special attention is given to their progress.
It also seems apparent that much of the actual speech observed consists of fragments and deviant expressions of a variety of sorts.
Thus it seems that a child must have the ability to invent a generative to sentences even though the primary linguistic data that he uses as a basis for this act of theory construction may, from the point of view of the theory he constructs, be deficient in various respects.
In general, diere is an important element of truth in the traditional view that die pains which everyone finds in conversation... is not to comprehend what anodier thinketh, but to extricate his thought from the signs or words which often agree not with it (Cordemoy, 1667), and the problem this poses for For example, Russell (1940, p. 33: from a logical point of view, a proper name may be assigned to any continuous portion of spacetime), if we interpret his notion of logically proper name Russell is stating what is, no doubt, a psychological truth.
Interpreted otherwise, he is giving an unmotivated definition of proper name.
There is no logical necessity for names or other object words to meet any condition of spatiotemporal contiguity or to have other Gestalt qualities, and it is a nontrivial fact that they apparently do, insofar as the designated objects are of the type that can actually be perceived (for example, it is not true of United States — similarly, it need not be true of somewhat more there are no logical grounds for the apparent nonexistence in natural languages of words such as LIMB, similar to limb except that it designates die single object consisting of a dogs four legs, so that its LIMB is brown (like its head is brown) would mean that die object consisting of the four legs is brown.
Similarly, there is no a priori reason why a natural language could not contain a word HERD, like the collective herd except that it denotes a single scattered object with cows as parts, so that a cow lost a leg implies the HERD lost a leg, etc.
Thus for Aristotle (De Anima, 4036), the essence of a house is assigned in such a formula as a shelter against destruction by wind, rain, and heat,  though the physicist would describe it By a reasonable procedure I mean one that does not involve extralinguistic information — that is, one that does not incorporate an encyclopedia.
See BarHillel (i960) for discussion.
The possibility of a reasonable procedure for translation between arbitrary fact, although there is much reason to believe that languages are to a significant extent cast in the same mold, there is little reason to suppose that reasonable procedures of translation are in general Actually, a set of structural descriptions should be assigned by / to each st (and each structural description must be assigned to exactly one st), given Gjt one for each way of interpreting the sentence st with respect to G,.
Thus an unambiguous sentence should effective — that there is an algorithm for enumerating sentences, obvious) for determining the values of / and m in all cases.
Obviously, to construct an actual theory of language learning, it would be necessary to face several other very serious questions involving, for example, the gradual development of an appropriate knowledge and the deepening of the analysis of language structure that may continue long after the basic form of tire language has been mastered.
What I am describing is an idealization in which only the moment of acquisition of the correct grammar is considered.
Introduction of these additional considerations might affect the general discussion in many ways.
For example, in some limited but nevertheless real way, the preconditions (i)(v) themselves might possibly be developed on the basis of deeper innate structure, in ways that depend in part on primary linguistic data and the order and manner in which they are presented.
Furthermore, it might very well be true that a series of successively in form by earlier steps of language acquisition) are applied to the data at successive stages of language acquisition.
There are, a It is instructive to see how modern structural linguistics has attempted to meet these conditions.
It assumes that the technique for discovering the correct hypothesis (grammar) must be based on items in the corpus (which constitutes the primary linguistic data, formation the exact relevance of which to the problem at hand has never been clarified).
To compensate for this extremely strong demand on the procedure of grammar discovery, it was necessary to sacrifice descriptive adequacy, over a wide range of cases.
In development of constructive, stepbystep procedures of classification and segmentation.
For discussion, see Lees (1957), Chomsky (1964)This point has some historical interest.
In fact, as has generally been noted by commentators, Lockes attempt to refute the doctrine of innate ideas is largely vitiated by his failure to observe the distinction we have just been discussing, although this was clear to Descartes (and was later reemphasized by Leibniz, in See note 19.
An actual acquisition model must have a strategy for finding hypotheses.
Suppose, for example, that the strategy is to consider only grammars that have better than a certain value (in terms of the evaluation measure (v)), at each stage in the process of language learning.
What is required of a significant linguistic theory, then, is that given primary linguistic data D, the class of grammars compatible with D be sufficiently scattered, in terms of value, so that the intersection of the class of grammars compatible with D and the class of grammars which are highly valued be Failure of attempts to justify an explanatory theory may be interpreted in various ways, of course.
It may indicate that the theory is wrong, or that its consequences were incorrectly determined — in particular, that the grammar tested for descriptive adequacy was not the most highly valued one.
Since any reasonable evaluation measure must be a systematic measure, and since is not to be discounted.
In short, justification of linguistic theory does not avoid the problems faced by justification of any substantive and nontrivial empirical hypothesis.
Actually, it is not clear that Quines position should be taken as in any real sense an empiricist one.
Thus he goes on to propose that in the innate quality space a red ball might be less distant from a green ball than from a red kerchief, so that we have not innate analysis of this into distance in various respects.
On the basis of these few comments, one might interpret him as proposing that such concepts as ball are innate ideas, hence as adopting an extreme form of nativism; at least, it is difficult to see wherein the cited proposal differs from this.
In further support of such an Unfortunately, what are intended as empiricist views have generally been formulated in such an indefinite way that it is next to impossible to interpret them with any certainty, or to analyze or evaluate them.
An extreme example, perhaps, is Skinners account of how language is learned and used (Skinner, 1957).
There seem to be only two coherent interpretations that one can give to this account.
If we interpret the terms stimulus, reinforcement, conditioning, etc., which appear in it, as having the account is so grossly and obviously counter to fact that discussion is quite beside the point.
Alternatively, we may interpret these terms used in experimental psychology, in which case what is of the poverty of the terminological apparatus available for paraphrase of the traditional mentalistic notions.
What is particularly puzzling, then, is the insistent claim that this paraphrase is somehow scientific in a way in which traditional mentalism is not. many contemporary behaviorists use this term in such a loose way that reference to reinforcement adds nothing to the account of acquisition of knowledge that they propose.
For example, Quine suggests (i960, pp. 8283) that some basic predilection for conformity may take the place of ulterior values, and that societys reinforcement of the response may consist in no more than corroborative usage, whose resemblance to the childs effort is the sole reward.
As Quine correctly notes, this again is congenial enough to Skinners scheme, for he does not enumerate the rewards (this being one of the contributory factors to the near vacuity of Skinners scheme).
What this proposal comes to is that the only function of reinforcement may be to provide the child of reinforcement theory will be that learning of language cannot proceed in the absence of data.
Actually, Skinners concept of reinforcement is apparently still weaker than this, for he on the responding organism; it is sufficient that it be hoped for or imagined (for a collection of examples bearing on this matter,
These mechanisms, as is now known, need not be at all elementary.
Cf., for example, Lettvin et al. (1959), Hubel and Wiesel (1962), peripheral processing in the receptor system or in lower cortical centers may provide a complex analysis of stimuli that, furthermore, seems to be rather specific to the animals lifespace and well correlated with behavior patterns.
Thus it seems that not even peripheral processing can be described within the unstructured and atomistic framework that has been presupposed in I depart here from the Langley translation, which renders this passage inaccurately.
The French original is as follows:... je demeure daccord que nous apprenons les id^es et les verities inn£es, soit en prenant garde a leur source, soit en les verifiant tout ce quon apprend nest pas inne.
Les verit^s des nombres sont en nous, et on ne laisse pas de les apprendre, soit en les tirant de qui fait voir quelles sont innees) soit en les £prouvant dans les
Cf.
Chomsky (1964) for additional discussion and quotations illustrating Humboldts views on these questions.
That this is a fair interpretation of taxonomic linguistics is not at all clear.
For one thing, structural linguistics has rarely been concerned with the creative aspect of language use, which was a dominant theme in rationalistic linguistic theory.
It has, in odier of new, previously unheard sentences — that is, to the normal use of language.
Thus the suggestion that the various theories of immediate constituent analysis might be interpreted as generative, phrase structure grammars (as in Chomsky, 1956, 1962a, or Postal, 1964a) certainly goes beyond what is explicitly stated by linguists who have developed these theories, and very likely beyond their intentions as well.
Hence, the central problem of descriptive adequacy is not really raised within structural linguistics.
Secondly, many neoBloomfieldian linguists, accepting limiting the task of grammatical description, at least in theory, to organization of the primary linguistic data.
Others have held that a grammar should at least describe the habits or dispositions of the speaker, though the sense in which language use might be regarded as a matter of habit or disposition has never been satisfactorily clarified.
To be more precise, there is no clear sense of the term habit or disposition in accordance with which it would be correct to describe language as a habit In general, it is not clear that most behaviorist tendencies should be regarded as varieties of empiricism at all, since, as mental processes or faculties (that is, in the problems of descriptive or explanatory adequacy).
This is the only respect in which a comparison of such alternatives is relevant, apart from their relative success in accounting for the given facts of language acquisition.
But this consideration apparently offers no information that has any bearing on the choice In general, it is important to bear in mind that an extremely about the mind is that it contains the schema for transformational associations or for carrying out certain kinds of inductive or systems that can be used to support these hypotheses.
Similarly, there is no justification for the common assumption that there is an asymmetry between rationalist and empiricist views in that the former somehow beg the question, not showing how the precisely the same question.
For the moment, there is no better have been developed, as innate structure, in a species, than there is of how the rationalist schema may arise through evolutionary processes or other determinants of the structure of organisms.
Nor does comparison with species other than man help die empiricist argument.
On the contrary, every known species has highly specialized cognitive capacities.
It is important to observe that comparative psychology has not characteristically proceeded on may be fully functional only during a critical period of mental stages (see note 19) have critical periods.
See Lenneberg (forthcoming) for an important and informative review of data bearing on this question.
Many other aspects of the problem of biologically given constraints on the nature of human language are discussed Notice that we do not, of course, imply that the functions of language acquisition are carried out by entirely separate components of the abstract mind or the physical brain, just as when 1959, 1964), it is not implied that these are distinct and separate components of the full perceptual system.
In fact, it is an important problem for psychology to determine to what extent other language use, and to attempt, in this way, to develop a richer and 33.
It is a curious fact that empiricism is commonly regarded as somehow a scientific philosophy.
Actually, the empiricist approach to acquisition of knowledge has a certain dogmatic and aprioristic character that is largely lacking in its rationalist counterpart.
In begins its investigation with the stipulation that certain arbitrarily selected dataprocessing mechanisms (e.g., principles of the languageacquisition device.
It then investigates the application of these procedures to data, without, however, attempting to show that the result of this application corresponds to grammars A nondogmatic alternative to empiricism would begin by observing that in studying language acquisition, what we are given is and the grammar that is the resulting product, and the problem we face is that of determining the structure of the device that mediates this inputoutput relation (the same is true of the more general problem of which language acquisition is a special case).
There are no grounds for any specific assumptions, empiricist or otherwise, about the internal structure of this device.
Continuing with no preconceptions, we would naturally turn to the study which we then must attribute to the structure of the device (or, if this can be shown, to uniformities in the input, this alternative rarely being a serious one in the cases that are of interest).
This, in effect, has been the rationalist approach, and it is difficult to see what alternative there can be to it if dogmatic presuppositions 34.
That is, a theory that meets conditions (i)(iv) of p. 31.
I shall theory under discussion attempts to meet at least Uiese conditions.
There has, during the past few years, been a fair amount of investigation into the formal properties of very simple theories of grammar.
For the most part, it has been restricted to weak generative capacity, though there are a few results involving strong generative capacity as well (in particular, those referred to in § 2).
The latter is, obviously, by far the more interesting notion, but it is much more difficult to study.
For surveys of this work, see See Postal (19626, 1964a, 1964c).
Neither the theory of contextfree grammar nor the theory of finitestate grammar is an artifact and each has in fact been proposed by linguists as a comprehensive theory of language.
In fact, as Postal shows (1964a), almost every recent years, insofar as it is clear, falls within the framework of contextfree grammar.
As we shall see later, a special form of This possibility cannot be ruled out a priori, but, in fact, it seems definitely not to be the case.
In particular, it seems that, when any such grammar must meet formal conditions that restrict it to the enumeration of recursive sets.
Cf. the conditions on base rules; also note 1, Chapter 3, and further discussion in Chapter 3 and Chapter 4, § 2.2, of conditions on deletion transformations. 1.
In detail, there is some room for discussion about bodi terminology and substance throughout (2), and, particularly in the case However, I think that the central facts are clear enough, and there has, in fact, been overwhelming accord about most of them.
For present purposes, I shall raise no further question (except of detail) about the adequacy of these observations, taking them simply as facts to be accounted for by a grammatical theory. 2.
A theory of language must state the principles interrelating its Noun Phrase, Subject) and ultimately must relate this system of concepts to potential empirical phenomena (to primary elsewhere, it seems to me that all significant structural notions will have to be characterized in terms of the previously defined assumed, in general, that the notion grammar must be developed and explained in terms of previously defined notions such as phoneme, and morpheme).
That is, I am assuming that the basic notion to be defined is G is a most highly valued grammar of the language of which primary linguistic data D constitutes a sample, where I) is represented in terms of primitive notions of the language are, then, the elements that play a specified role in the derivations and representations determined by G.
If so, partial for evaluating a theory of the form of language.
For the present, What is important is that such assumptions be supported by new or improved generative grammars will have bearing on their correctness, as the depth and range of linguistic study increases.
We must, in short, accept Humboldts conclusion, expressed in a letter of 182a to Schlegel (Leitzmann, 1908, p. 84): dass jede Gewinn bringt, wenn sie so durchgefiihrt wird, als lage in ihr allein der ganze Zweck, und wenn man jede, noch so rohe Study of a wide range of languages is only one of the ways to evaluate the hypothesis that some formal condition is a linguistic universal.
Paradoxical as this may seem at first glance, considerations internal to a single language may provide significant support for the conclusion that some formal property should be attributed not to the theory of the particular language in question (its grammar) but rather to the general linguistic dieory on which the particular grammar is based.
Study of descriptive or explanatory adequacy may lead to such a conclusion; furthermore, due difficulty or impossibility of formulating certain conditions within the framework, of an otherwise wellsupported theory of grammar provides some evidence that these are, in reality, rather than aspects of the particular language, to be expressed within the system of grammatical rules itself.
Several cases of dds In general, it should be expected that only descriptions concerned with deep structure will have serious import for proposals few, any such proposals are hazardous, but are clearly no less interesting or important for being hazardous.
A weak though sufficient condition is given in Chomsky (1955,
Chapter 6).
A stronger but rather wellmotivated condition is proposed by Postal (1964a).
Some aspects of this question are discussed in Chomsky and Miller (1963, § 4); Chomsky (1963, § 3).
For some discussion, see the references cited on p. 16, and many others.
These demonstrations of the inadequacies of phrase structure grammar have not been challenged, although some confusions have been introduced by terminological equivocations.
The most extreme example of this can be found in Harman (1963), grammar are repeated, with approval, in an article with the results simply from the authors redefinition of the term phrase structure to refer to a system far richer than that to which the in the rather ample literature on this subject (in particular, to a system in which in place of category symbols, in the sense of phrase structure grammar, we have pairs (a, qp), where a is a category symbol and q> is a set of indices used to code transformations, contextual restrictions, etc.).
That is, Harman in effect restates the arguments against phrase structure grammar as arguments against limiting the term phrase structure grammar to the particular systems that have previously been defined as phrase touch on the substantive issue as to the adequacy of the taxonomic theory of grammar for which phrase structure grammar (in the usual sense) is a model.
The essential adequacy of phrase structure grammar as a model for taxonomic grammatical theory (with the possible but irrelevant exception of problems involving discontinuous constituents — see Chomsky, 1957, Postal, 1964a) is demonstrated quite convincingly by Postal, and is not challenged by Harman, or anyone else, to my knowledge.
The only issue that Harman raises, in this connection, is whether the term phrase whether the term should be used in some far richer sense as well, to the casual reader, quite erroneously, that there is some issue about the linguistic adequacy of the theory of phrase structure A further source of possible confusion, in connection with this paper, is that there is a way of interpreting the grammar presented there as a phrase structure grammar, namely by regarding each complex element (a, cp) as a single, unanalyzable category symbol.
Under this interpretation, what we have here is a new proposal as to the proper evaluation procedure for a phrase is invariably incorrect.
For example, in John saw Bill, did Tom see you?, the three elements John, Bill, Tom would belong to three alternatives: we may interpret the paper as proposing a new or we may interpret it as proposing that the term phrase structure grammar be used in some entirely new sense, in which case it has no bearing on the issue of the adequacy of phrase structure grammar.
For some further discussion see Chomsky (in press), where 5.
This assumption is made explicitly in Chomsky (1955), in the discussion of the base of a transformational grammar (Chapter 7), and, to my knowledge, in all subsequent empirical studies of A, § z).
Formal properties of sequential grammars have been studied by Ginsburg and Rice (1962) and Shamir (1961), these furthermore, intrinsic (in the sense of note 6, Chapter 3), rather 6.
As noted earlier, there are rather different conventions, and some if we were to change the rules of (5), and, correspondingly, the Phrasemarker (3), to provide a binary analysis of the major category S into sincerity (NP) and may frighten the boy (VP), then the latter would be the Predicateof the sentence in the sense denned in (11).
See the final paragraph of § 2.3.4 f°r an 7.
Let us assume, furthermore, that Y, Z are unique, in this case — in other words, that there is only one occurrence of B in X.
The definition can be generalized to accommodate the case where this condition is violated, but it seems to me reasonable to impose this condition of uniqueness on the system of base rules. 8.
Notice that accurate definitions require a precise specification of of principle, and throughout the informal discussion here I shall simply avoid these questions.
Precise definitions for most of the notions that will be used here, taking occurrences into account, 9.
One might question whether M should be regarded as a lexical category, or whether, alternatively, the rules M * may, can, • • • should not be included in the set (5I).
The significance of this distinction will be discussed later.
This is by no means merely a terminological issue.
Thus, for example, we might hope to establish general conventions involving the distinction between lexical that may be relevant, I mention just two considerations.
The general rule for conjunction seems to be roughly this: if XZY and XZY are two strings such that for some category A, Z is an A and Z is an A, then we may form the string X^Z^and^Z^Y, where Z^and^Z is an A (see Chomsky 1957, § 5.2, and for a much more farreaching study, Gleitman, 1961).
But, clearly, A must be a category of a special type; in fact, we come much closer to characterizing the actual range of possibilities if we limit A to major categories.
By this criterion, M should be a lexical category.
Miller, 1963).
These rules assign stress in a fixed way in strings belonging to certain categories.
By and large, the categories in question seem to be the major categories, in the sense just described.
In particular, elements of nonlexical formative categories (e.g., Articles) are unstressed.
By this criterion, one might want M to be a nonlexical category, though even here the situation is unclear; cf. the wellknown contrast of maymay, as in John may try (it is permitted) and John may try (it is possible). 10.
Some have argued that the distinction in question has nothing to do with rules of English, but only with statistics of usage.
What seem to be insuperable difficulties for any such analysis have been raised and frequently reiterated, and I see no point in considering this possibility any further as long as proponents of this most implausible view make no attempt to deal with these objections. 11.
For some discussion of a possible syntactic basis for such subcategorization, with a small amount of supporting evidence, see (1961) and Miller and Chomsky (1963).
A critique of these and other discussions is given in Katz (1964a).
I think that Katzs major criticisms are correct, but that they can perhaps be met by narrowing the scope of the proposals to just what is being indices on category symbols were used to express agreement (and, in general, what Harris, 1951, calls long components) but not subcategorization and selectional restrictions.
These devices become unnecessary once grammatical transformations are introduced.
See, in this connection, the discussion in Postal (1964a). 13.
Matthews devised a technique of indexing category symbols to meet the difficulties that he found, and he later incorporated this technique as one of the main devices of the COMIT programming system that he developed with the collaboration of V.
Yngve.
Anderson, and P.
Schachter, and they have suggested a somewhat 1962; Schachter, 1962).
E.
Bach has also dealt with this question, in a somewhat different way (Bach, 1964).
The method that I shall elaborate later incorporates various features of these proposals, but differs from them in certain respects.
The problem of remedying this defect in phrase structure grammar is clearly very much open, and deserves much further study.
Although this defect was pointed out quite early, there was no attempt to deal with it in most of the published work of the last several years. 14.
Thus [s] is an abbreviation for the set of features [+ consonantal, — vocalic, — voiced, +continuant, + strident, — grave] and [m] for the set of features [+ consonantal, — vocalic, + nasal, + voiced, + grave].
Rule (18) applies to any segment specified as [+ continuant] (hence to [s]) in a context which is specified as — [+ voiced] (hence to the context [ — m]), converting the segment to which it applies to a voiced segment with, otherwise, the same features as before (hence converting [s] to [z] = [+ consonantal, — vocalic,
I shall henceforth use the convention, customary on the phonological level, of enclosing sets of features by square brackets. 15.
But notice that a phonological matrix can be regarded simply as a set of specified phonological features, if we index each specified feature by an integer indicating the column it occupies in the bee can be regarded as consisting of the features [+ consonantal^ — vocaliq, — continuant^, • • • , — consonantal2, + vocalic2, — grave2, • • •].
A lexical entry can now be regarded simply as a set of features, some phonological, some syntactic.
Of course, a lexical entry must also contain a definition, in a complete grammar, and it can be plausibly argued (see Katz and Fodor, 1963) that this too consists simply of a set of features. (Actually the KatzFodor definitions are not simply sets, but it does not seem that the further structure they impose plays any role in their theory.) We might, then, take a lexical entry to be simply a set However, largely for ease of exposition, we shall not follow this course but shall, rather, regard a lexical entry as a matrixcomplex symbol pair, as in the text.
If we regard a lexical entry as a set of features, then items that are similar in sound, meaning, or syntactic function will not be related to one another in the lexicon.
For example, the Intransitive grow of the boy grew or corn grows, and the Transitive grow of he grows corn would have to constitute holds between them, since there is apparently no way to derive the Intransitive structures from the Transitive ones, as can be done in the case of the window broke, someone broke the window.
Cf. p. 189.
The same would be true of drop in the price dropped, he dropped the ball, he dropped that silly pretense; or of command in the example discussed on p. 119, and such relationships can be expressed by taking a lexical entry to be a Boolean function of features.
Although it is likely that such a modification of the theory of lexical structure is necessary, it raises many problems of fact and principle to which I have no answer, and I therefore continue the exposition without developing it.
Recall Bloomfields characterization of a lexicon as the list of basic irregularities of a language (1933, p. 274).
The same point is made by Sweet (1913, p. 31), who holds that grammar deals with die general facts of language, lexicology with the special More generally, the phonological redundancy rules, which determine such features as voicing of vowels or unrounding of high front vowels in English, can be supplemented by analogous syntactic and semantic redundancy rules.
Furthermore, redundancy rules may relate features of these various types.
For example, if the traditional view that syntactic categorization is in part deit can be expressed by a redundancy rule determining syntatic features in terms of semantic ones.
We shall return to the question Notice, incidentally, that the rules (20) (and, in fact, all rules be regarded as redundancy rules rather than as rules of the base.
Such a decision would have various consequences, to which we By a local transformation (with respect to A) I mean one that affects only a substring dominated by the single category symbol A.
Thus all rules of the transformational cycle in phonology are local, in this sense.
There is some reason to suspect that it might the rewriting rules of the base.
Thus Adverbial Phrases consisting the choice of these elements, and these restrictions could be stated by local transformations to the effect that Preposition and Noun can be rewritten in certain restricted ways when dominated by In fact, one might consider a new extension of the theory of symbol), alongside of the fairly widely studied extension of contextfree grammar to contextsensitive grammars that permit rules The example of the preceding paragraph involves a transformation that is local with respect to a category A (A, in this case, a string into a position dominated by the lexical category B which is immediately dominated by A.
Let us call such a transformation strictly local.
The only motivation for this highly special definition is that many of the examples of local transformations that come to mind meet this restrictive condition as well (for example, quite I persuaded John of my seriousness from an underlying form I persuaded John of N S, where S dominates the string underlying I am serious and the transformation substitutes a transform of this string for the dummy symbol occupying the position of the lexical category N, which is immediately dominated by the category symbol NP with respect to which the transformation is Notice that an important question is begged when we assume that selectional restrictions on SubjectVerbObject are given completely by rules determining die subcategorization of Verbs in 20.
This decision, as several of the others, will be slightly modified 21.
The status of the symbol S in this rule is unexplained at the present state of the exposition.
It will indicate the position of a transform of a sentence, as the theory of the syntactic component 22.
Observe that in (36) such an expression as  — /lAe^PredicateNominal is a single symbol, standing for a particular syntactic The careful reader will notice that as these rules are formulated, lexical items can be inserted in the wrong position by the lexical rule.
We shall return to this question in § 3, avoiding it now only so as not to overburden the exposition.
Actually, a more 23.
An apparent exception to the last remark is the subcategorization of Verbs in terms of choice of the Progressive form be + Ing.
To maintain the suggested generalization concerning strict subcategorization, we should have to claim that such Verbs as own, (along with all other Verbs), but that the Progressive form is Verbs (this peculiarity would be marked by a feature that constitutes part of the lexical entries for these forms).
But, in fact, Uiere is good reason to assume this, as has been pointed out to me by Barbara Hall.
Thus each element of the Auxiliary has in the case of Present tense, must) cooccur with this Auxiliary with the Verbs own, understand, know, etc. (cf.
I know the answer right now, alongside of I know the answer), although such forms as I eat the apple right now, I eat the apple, are ruled out (except, in the latter case, as generic, which can, in fact, be treated as involving deletion of a dummy Adverbial). 24.
Strictly speaking, this is not the case, as we have defined syntactic feature (cf. pp. 82f.).
Actually, it is only the features involved in the set of rules of which (2o)(2i) constitute a sample that determine selectional classification.
Idiosyncratic syntactic features of particular lexical items, not introduced by such general rules as (2o)(2i) but simply listed in the lexical entries, play no role for example, of the three mentioned only the one we are using permits also the free use of variables, as in the case of schema (44).
On the other hand, the use of labeled brackets is appropriate for the formulation of the transformational rules of the phonological component.
Use of complex symbols at arbitrary nodes (as in Harman, 1963 — cf. note 4) gives a form of transformational grammar that is richer in some respects and poorer in others than the formulation in terms of Boolean conditions on Analyzability, as in most current work on generative grammar.
Cf.
Chomsky (in press) for some discussion. 26.
Proper Nouns of course can have nonrestrictive relatives (and, marginally, Adjective modifiers derived from nonrestrictive relatives— e.g., clever Hans or old Tom).
But although restrictive relatives belong to the Determiner system, there are several reasons for supposing that nonrestrictive relatives are, rather, Complements of the full NP (and in some cases, of a full sentence — e.g., I found John likable, which surprised me very much). of Southeast Asia).
This matter is discussed in the PortRoyal
Logic (Arnauld et ah, 1662), and, in more recent times, by Jespersen (1924, Chapter 8).
Notice also that Proper Nouns can also be used as Common Nouns, in restricted ways (e.g., this cannot be the England that I know and love, I once read a novel by a different John Nouns with nonrestrictive relatives by transformation; others suggest that a redundancy rule may be needed, in the lexicon, assigning certain of the features of Common Nouns to Proper 27.
Once again, this is not to deny that an interpretation can sometimes be imposed on such phrases as those of (54).
See the discussion of the problem of justification at the outset of § 2.3.1, Notice, in particular, that the relation of the Verb to the Place Adverbial in John died in England (= in England, John died) is very different from that in John stayed in England (John lived in England is, in fact, an ambiguous representative of both constructions, being interpretable as either John resided in England, analogous structurally to John stayed in or roughly as in England, John really lived or in England, John remained alive, with a Place Adverbial that is a Verb Phrase Complement introduced by (52) — cf.
John will surely die on the Continent, but he may live in England).
This difference of structure between live in England and die in England accounts for the fact (noted by Ralph Long) that England is lived in by many people is much more natural than England is died in by many people — in fact, this remark is true only when live in has the sense of reside in or inhabit.
Cf. p. 104 for 28.
There are wellknown marginal exceptions to this remark (e.g., a good time was had by all or recourse was had to a new plan), and it is also clear that the locution take Manner Adverbials freely requires considerable further analysis and clarification (see Lees, 1960a, p. 26), as does the distinction between Adverbials that qualify the Verb and those which might more properly be said to qualify the Subject. (As an example of the latter, consider the Adverbial of John married Mary with no a role more like that of the Adverbial modifier of the Subject in John, cleverly, stayed away yesterday than like that of the Adverbial modifier of the Verb in John laid his plans cleverly.
See Austin (1956) for some discussion of such cases.) Nevertheless, the essential correctness of the comments in the text does not It must be borne in mind that the general rules of a grammar are not invalidated by the existence of exceptions.
Thus one does not eliminate the rule for forming the past tense of Verbs from the grammar on the grounds that many Verbs are irregular; nor is invalidated by the fact that certain items must be listed, in the lexicon, as conflicting with this generalization, if this turns out to be the case.
In either the case of past tense or that of passivization, the generalization is invalidated (in the sense of internal justification — cf.
Chapter 1, § 4) only if a more highly valued grammar can be constructed that does not contain it.
It is for this are rarely lacking, in a system of the complexity of a natural language) is generally so unrewarding and, in itself, has so little importance for the study of the grammatical structure of the language in question, unless, of course, it leads to the discovery It is also worth noting that many of the Manner Adverbials, with great enthusiasm, with the Adverbial with great enthusiasm, is the base string John has great enthusiasm (note that with is quite generally a transform of have), with the repeated NP John deleted, as is usual (cf.
Chapter 3 and Chapter 4, § 2.2).
Similarly, Place Adverbials (at least those which are VP as Sentence transforms (so that, for example, I read the book in England derives from an underlying structure very much like the one that underlies I read the book while (I was) in England).
Adverbials are a rich and as yet relatively unexplored system, and therefore anything we say about them must be regarded as 29.
Alternatively, we may drop this condition and extend the first convention so that the complex symbol introduced in the analysis of a lexical category A contains not only the feature [+ A], but also the feature [— B] for any lexical category B other than A.
This convention entails that a word specified as belonging to two lexical categories must have two separate lexical entries, and it raises unanswered questions about the structure of the lexicon.
It would have the advantage of overcoming a defect in our notation Thus, in the grammar (55), the feature [—] designates both Proper Nouns and Intransitive Verbs. (This is why the feature [4N] had to be mentioned in rule (571V).) This might lead to difficulty if a certain lexical item were both a Noun and a Verb, since it might be nonProper as a Noun but Transitive as a Verb, or Transitive as a Verb and Proper as a Noun.
If the proposal of this note is adopted, the problem cannot arise.
Alternatively, it will be necessary to designate such features by a more complex notation indicating not only the frame in question but also the There may be some point to allowing a lexical item to appear in respect to several lexical categories, or by leaving it totally unspecified with respect to these categories) — for example, in the case of such words as proof, desire, belief.
Suppose that forms, but are permitted to enter either the Noun or Verb position.
Then the lexical insertion rule will place them in either the frame.. .
N that S... or the frame...
V that S... , in the positions of the Noun and Verb, respectively.
Hence it will not be necessary to derive the former by transformation from the latter, as is necessary, for example, in the case of... proving that S....
Under such an analysis, Johns proof that S would derive from the structure underlying John has a proof that S by the structure underlying John has a book.
One might go on to relate John has a proof that S to John proves that S (perhaps, ultimately, as John takes a walk is related to John walks), but In connection with this discussion, it is also necessary to establish a general distinctness condition regarding the idiosyncratic, (59)).
For discussion of this question, which becomes critical in case diese features relate to the phonological component, see Halle 30.
It has been maintained that these relations can be defined in terms of some notion of cooccurrence, but this seems to me dubious, for reasons presented in various places (e.g., in BarHillel, 1954; and Chomsky, 1964).
Observe that the definitions of grammatical relation or grammatical function that have been suggested here refer only to the base of the syntax and not to surface structures of actual sentences in other than the simplest cases.
The p. 70), are those which are defined in the basis (deep structure) 31.
I give these informally, instead of using the notation developed earlier, to simplify the reading.
There is nothing essential involved in this change of notation. 32.
For example, if we were to adapt the definitions of universal categories and functions so that they apply to such sentences as in England is where I met him, which are often cited to show that phrases other than NPs can occur as Subjects, these proposals would fail completely.
This sentence, however, is obviously transformationally derived.
It would be perfectly correct to say that in England is the Subject of in England is where I met him, to the derived Phrasemarker (the surface structure).
In the basis, however, in England is an Adverbial of Place, associated with the VP meet him in the PredicatePhrase met him in England, and the sentence is interpreted in accordance with the grammatical relations defined in this underlying deep structure. as Subjectof is not an entirely straightforward matter.
Thus in base structures, there is apparently never more than a single occurrence of a category such as NP in any structure immediately dominated by a single category (cf. note 7), and our definitions of these notions relied on this fact.
But this is not true of surface structures.
In the sentence this book I really enjoyed, both this book and I are NPs immediately dominated by S.
Apparently, then, order is significant in determining the grammatical seems to play no role in the determination of grammatical relations in deep structures.
Consequently, somewhat different definitions are needed for the surface notions.
It might be suggested that TopicComment is the basic grammatical relation of surface structure corresponding (roughly) to Thus we might define the Topicof the Sentence as the leftmost NP immediately dominated by S in the surface structure, and the Commentof die Sentence as the rest of the string.
Often, of course, Topic and Subject will coincide, but not in the examples me by Paul Kiparsky.
One might refine it in various ways, for example, by defining the Topicof the Sentence as the leftmost NP that is immediately dominated by S in the surface structure and that is, furthermore, a major category (cf. p. 74 — this will make John the Topic in the cleft sentence it was John who I saw).
Other elaborations also come to mind, but I shall not go This very fruitful and important insight is as old as syntactic theory itself; it is developed quite clearly in the Grammaire generate et raisonnee of PortRoyal (cf.
Chomsky, 1964, § 1.0; forthcoming, for discussion).
What is, in essence, the same idea was reintroduced into modern linguistics by Harris, though he has not discussed it in quite these terms (cf.
Harris, 1952, 1954, 1957)For further discussion of this notion, within the framework of transformational generative grammar, see Chomsky (1957), and for on this assumption, see Katz and Fodor (1963) and Katz and Postal Currys proposals are so sketchy that it is impossible to extract from them more than a general point of view.
The position of Saumjan and Soboleva is much more explicitly worked out, but it is defective in crucial respects.
Cf.
Hall (1965), for an analysis of adopts a similar position, but the published references to this theory (e.g., Gleason, 1964) are much too vague for any conclusion Notice, for example, that Case is usually determined by the position of the Noun in surface structure rather than in deep strucdo not affect Case.
Even in English, poor as it is in inflection, this can be observed.
For example, the Pronoun in the sentences he was struck by a bullet, he is easy to please, he frightens easily is, in each case, the logical Object, that is, the DirectObject of structures.
Nevertheless, the form is he rather than him.
But stylistic inversion of the type we have just been discussing gives such forms as him I really like, him I would definitely try not 1.
Some details irrelevant to the problem under discussion are omitted in these examples.
We here regard each lexical item as standing for a complex of features, namely those that constitute its lexical entry in addition to those entered by redundancy rules.
The use of the dummy symbol A has been extended here to the case of various unspecified elements that will be deleted by obligatory transformations.
There is, in fact, good reason to require For discussion of this very important question, see Chomsky, 1964, § 2.2.
We shall return to it at the end of this chapter and in The formative nom in (3) is one of several that might be assigned to the Tense^Modal position of the Auxiliary, and that 2.
The details of this, both for Transformationmarkers and Phrasemarkers, are worked out in Chomsky (1955), within the following of levels of representation.
Each level L is a system based on a set of primes (minimal elements — i.e., an alphabet); the operation of concatenation, which forms strings of primes of arbitrary finite length (the terms and notions all being borrowed from the theory of concatenation algebras — cf. e.g., Rosenbloom, 1950); various relations; a designated class of strings (or sets of strings) of primes L is the next lower level (thus levels are arranged in a hierarchy).
In particular, on the level P of phrase structure and the level T of transformations we have Pmarkers and Tmarkers in the sense just described informally.
A hierarchy of linguistic levels framework in this way.
For details, see Chomsky (1955).
For a For discussion of negation, see Klima (1964), Katz (19646).
The formation of questions and imperatives and the semantic interpretation of the question and imperative markers are discussed in Katz and Postal (1964).
In Hockett (1961) the proposal is made that the passive transformation be conditional on a marker in the underlying form, but no supporting argument is given for what, in the context of that paper, is no more than a notational obligatory, relative to choice of an optional marker in the underlying string, is independent of the principle that we have just cited, since the passive marker, as distinct from the question, negation, and imperative markers, has no independent semantic interpretation.
Furthermore, we have noted in § 4.4 of Chapter 2 that there are good reasons to distinguish such transformations as passive from purely stylistic inversion operations.
These observations suggest that we attempt to formulate a more general condition of which the principle just cited is itself a consequence, namely that transformation than we have been able to provide here, however. that we are considering here, see Fillmore (1963) and Fraser In connection with ordering of rules, it is necessary to distinguish extrinsic order, imposed by the explicit ordering of rules, from intrinsic order, which is simply a consequence of how rules are formulated.
Thus if the rule Rx introduces the symbol A and R2 analyzes A, there is an intrinsic order relating Rl and R2, but not necessarily any extrinsic order.
Similarly, if a certain transformation T1 applies to a certain structure that is formed only by application of T2, there is an intrinsic order Tv T2Taxonomic ordinarily required both.
For some discussion of this matter, see certain problems concerning these, but I believe that they can be rule schemata (in the sense of Chomsky and Miller, 1963, p. 298; Chomsky and Schiitzenberger, 1963, p. 133) introducing coordinated elements that are dien modified, rearranged, and appropriately interrelated by singulary transformations.
If the suggestion of note 9, Chapter 2, is workable, then such rule schemata need not be stated in the grammar at all.
Rather, by a general convention we can associate such a schema with each major category.
This approach to coordination relies heavily on the filtering effect of transformations, discussed later.
Thus wherever we have coordination, some category is coordinated n times in the matrix sentence, and n occurrences of matched sentences are independently generated by the base rules. the set of category symbols.
We could go on, at this point, to define Complement as a functional notion (to be more precise, as a cover term for several functional notions), in the manner of As it stands, this claim seems to me somewhat too strong, though it is true in one important sense of semantic interpretation.
For example, it seems clear that the order of quantifiers in surface for many speakers — in particular, for me — the sentences everyone in the room knows at least two languages and at least two languages are known by everyone in the room are not synonymous.
Still, we might maintain that in such examples both interpretations are latent (as would be indicated by the identity of the deep structures of the two sentences in all respects relevant to semantic interpretation), and that the reason for the opposing interpretations is an extraneous factor — an overriding consideration involving order of quantifiers in surface structures — that structures.
In support of this view, it may be pointed out that other sentences that derive from these (e.g., there are two languages that everyone in the room knows) may switch interpretations, indicating that these interpretations must have been latent all along.
There are other examples that suggest something similar.
For example, Grice has suggested that the temporal order implied in conjunction may be regarded as a feature of discourse rather than as part of the meaning of and, and Jakobson has between temporal order in surface structure and order of importance, etc.
Also relevant in this connection is the notion of references to remarks in the PortRoyal Logic on the effect of express restrictions on distribution for lexical items and for sentence structures.
Formally speaking, what we are suggesting is this.
Suppose that the symbol A immediately dominates XBY (where B is a symbol) in the Phrasemarker K; that is, A » XBY was one of the categorial rules used in generating this Phrasemarker.
Then (A,B) constitutes a branch of K.
Furthermore, if this occurrence of B immediately dominates ZCW (where C is a symbol), so that (B,C) is a branch, then (A,B,C) is a branch, etc.
Suppose now that (Av • • • , An) is a branch of the generalized Phrasemarker K formed by base rules, and that Ax = An.
Then it must be that for some i, 1 $S i ^ n, Ai = S.
In other words, the only way to form new deep structures is to insert elementary propositions — is by no means a logically necessary feature of phrase structure Notice that the schemata that underlie coordination (cf. note 7) also provide infinite generative capacity, but here too the true recursive property can apparently be limited to the schema S » S#S# • • • #S, hence to rules introducing propositions. phenomena (e.g., the source of such expressions as very, very very Adjective and some more significant ones (e.g., the possibility the status of which in general is unclear).
For some discussion of Cf. pp. 117118.
For some discussion, see Chomsky (1964, § 1.0, stated in the grammar, since it is a general condition on the functioning of grammars.
This is important, since (as was pointed out by Lees, 1960a), the condition is not really identity of strings but rather total identity of structures, in all cases in which identity structures in terms of Analyzability it is necessary to use quantifiers; in fact, this may be the only case in which quantifiers must appear in the structural analyses that define transformations.
Extracting the identity condition from grammars, we are therefore able to formulate the structural analyses that define transformations strictly as Boolean conditions on Analyzability, thus greatly 14.
For discussion see Miller and Chomsky (1963); Schlesinger (1964);
Miller and Isard (1964); and the r&ume in Chapter i, § 2. 15.
See § 2.3.1 of Chapter 2, and § 1 of Chapter 4.
A serious discussion of this question, as well as the question of dependency of syntax on semantics, awaits a development of the theory of universal semantics, that is, an account of the nature of semantic representation.
Although various positions about these questions have been stated with great confidence and authority, the only serious work that I know of on the relation of these domains is that of Katz, Fodor, and Postal (see bibliography; for discussion of other claims that have been made, see Chomsky, 1957, and many other publications).
For the moment, I see no reason to modify the view, expressed in Chomsky (1957) and elsewhere, that although, obviously, linguistic theory (that is, obviously the theory of syntax should be languages will support semantic interpretation), there is, at present, no way to show that semantic considerations play a role in the choice of the syntactic or phonological component of a grammar or that semantic features (in any significant sense of this term) play a role in the functioning of the syntactic or phonological rules.
Thus no serious proposal has been advanced to show how for such systems or provide some of the primary linguistic data on the basis of which they are selected.
See Chapter 1, § 6, and Chapter 4, § 1, for some additional related discussion. 16.
Some of the details of this modification are worked out in Fraser (forthcoming).
The extent to which the complexity of the theory of derived constituent structure depends on the presence of permutations is quite clear, for example, from the analysis of these 17.
Notice that in this case the third term of the proper analysis is not strictly deleted.
Rather, this term is deleted except for the (giving who, which, or that) by later rules.
This is often true of 18.
A natural notational decision would be to restrict the integers one
1.
Whether the rule is a rewriting rule or a substitution transformation — cf.
Chapter 2, § 4.3 — does not concern us here; for convenience of exposition, we shall assume the latter. 2.
To avoid what has been a persistent misunderstanding, it must be emphasized again that grammaticalness is being used here as a Quite the contrary is true, as has repeatedly been stressed and see Chomsky (1961) and many other references.
The question as purely terminological, having to do with nothing more than the must assign to each string a structural description that indicates the manner of its deviation from strict wellformedness (if any).
A natural terminological decision would be to say that the grammar directly generates the language consisting of just the sentences that do not deviate at all (such as (3)), with their structural descriptions.
The grammar derivatively generates all other strings (such as (1) and (2)), with their structural descriptions.
These structural descriptions will indicate the manner and degree of deviance of the derivatively generated sentences.
The principles that determine how interpretations can be imposed on deviant sentences may be universal (as suggested in Chomsky, 1955, 1961; Miller and Chomsky, 1963; and again here) or specific to a given language (as suggested in Katz, 1964a).
This is a substantive issue, but many of the other questions that have been debated concerning these notions seem to me quite empty, having to do only with terminological decisions. 3.
Recall that selectional rules, as illustrated earlier, are rules that basis of the intrinsic syntactic features of the Nouns that appear in various positions.
But not all of the rules referring to intrinsic syntactic features of Nouns are selectional rules; in particular, the rules violated in the formation of (4) involve such features but are 4.
Many of the Verbs of the category [+[+ Abstract] • • • — • • • [(Animate]] do not have Adjectival forms with ing, but these seem invariably to have other affixes as variants of ing (bothersome 5.
These examples do not begin to exhaust the range of possibilities that must be considered in a full study of interpretation of deviant sentences.
For one thing, they do not illustrate the use of orderinversion as a stylistic device (cf.
Chapter 2, § 4.4, for some discussion).
The discussion of deviation from grammaticalness that has been carried on here offers no insight into this phenomenon.
For example, consider the following line: Me up at does/out of the This poses not the slightest difficulty or ambiguity of interpretation, and it would surely be quite beside the point to try to assign it a degree of deviation in terms of the number or kind of rules Notice that the formulation given previously left an ambiguity in the latter case, which is resolved only by the convention that we We are, in effect, assuming the convention e = [e, • • •], where e is the null element.
Notice that features are unordered in a complex symbol.
As elsewhere in this discussion, I make no attempt here to present an absolutely precise account or to give these
Thus X is null if [a] is null; Y is null if [(}] is null.
This difficulty would, in fact, not arise if we were to give a somewhat different analysis of postVerbal Adjectives in English, deriving them from underlying strings with SentenceComplements to the Verbs.
In some cases, this is surely correct (e.g., John seems sad from an underlying structure containing the base string John is sad, which becomes John seems to be sad, and then John seems sad by further transformations — similarly, in the case of become this analysis is well motivated, in particular, because it and it may be correct to extend it to many or all such cases.
For some other proposals for derivation of certain of these forms, see It is worth noting that a condition like that imposed on W and V in the discussion of the schema (9) is probably necessary in the I am indebted to Thomas Bever and Peter Rosenbaum for many In many or all such cases, some notion of generic seems to be involved critically (I owe this observation to Barbara Hall).
One might therefore try to show that part of the semantic effect of generic is to cancel semantic conflicts of certain sorts.
Notice, incidentally, that the deep structure of each of the sentences of (15) will contain a string with sincerity as the DirectObject of the Interest in these questions can be traced to Humboldt (1836); for place a linguistic item in a context of somehow related items, such as Luria and Vinogradova (1959), and much current work in 13.
Although the sentences of (igi) are nearparaphrases, still it is by no means true that a cooccurrence relation of the sort that has been discussed by Harris (1957), Hiz (1961), and others holds between them.
Thus pompous can be replaced quite naturally by  (I owe this observation to J.
Katz).
It is clear, then, that the close meaning relation between regard and strike (involving, in particular, inversion of the SubjectVerbObject relations) examples must be borne in mind if any attempt is made to give some substance to the widely voiced (but, for the moment, totally I have been assuming, in discussing (191) that the Subjectof strikes in the deep structure is John, but it should be noted that this is not at all obvious.
One alternative would be to take the underlying structure to be iC S — strikes me, where it^~S is an NP and S dominates the structure underlying John is pompous. it strikes me that John is pompous, and a further optional transformation would give John strikes me as pompous.
The lexical item strike of (191) would then have very different strict subcategorization features from the phonetically identical item of it struck me blind, while both would differ in strict subcategorization from strike in he struck me, he struck an outlandish pose, etc. (cf. note 15, Chapter 2).
If this analysis can be justified on syntactic grounds, then the deep structures will be somewhat more text.
As several people have observed, there are other relevant example, such sentences as John strikes me as pompous, his the sentences I regard John as pompous, it struck me blind, In connection with (1 giii), Harris has suggested (1952, pp. 2425) that it may be possible to express the meaning relation on distributional grounds, but his suggestions as to how this might be possible have not yet been developed to the point where their Notice that the problems mentioned here admit of no merely facts relating to (19) in terms of such new notions as semantic 14.
As pointed out in note 15, Chapter 2, a distinctivefeature matrix is simply a way of representing a set of abstract phonological features, so that a lexical entry (a formative) may be regarded simply as a set of features, with further structure denned on them
15.
With respect to selectional features, alternative (iv) is well motivated.
See note 20.
To say that a feature is positively (negatively) specified is to say that it is marked + (respectively, —).
Notice that these or any analogous conventions make a distinction amounting to the marked/ 16.
Such examples as sincerity frightens can be found, of course, but only as (rather mannered) transforms of sincerity frightens UnspecifiedObject, and so on.
The possibilities for this are, in fact, quite limited — for example, no one would interpret his sincerity was frightening as ambiguous.
Notice that words of the category of frighten do appear quite naturally as Intransitives in surface structures, as in John frightens easily (this in fact is much more general — cf. the book reads easily, etc.).
But this is irrelevant here.
In such a case, the grammatical Subject is the logical Object — that is, the Direct Object of the deep structure UnspecifiedSubject frightens John easily.
The often obligatory Adverbial of Manner, in these cases, suggests that one might seek
17.
The latter would be interpretable only as a deviant sentence. 18.
One might question the factual correctness of this, particularly in die case of {[—Count], [± Abstract]}.
I have been assuming that the features {[— Count], [+ Abstract]} characterize the true Abstract Nouns such as virtue, justice, while the features {[— Count], [— Abstract]} characterize the Mass Nouns such as water, dirt.
But there is a subdivision of Inanimate Count Nouns that seems to correspond to this, namely the distinction into [+ Concrete], such as table, mountain, and [— Concrete], such as problem, effort.
If it turns out that the features [± Concrete] and [+ Abstract] (as subfeatures of [— Animate] and [— Count], respectively) should be rather than hierarchic with respect to [+ Count].
This question is not easy to resolve without much more empirical study, however.
The desirability of such a convention was pointed out by Paul Notice that if we were explicitly to list positively specified rather this convention would have to be extended to selectional features as well.
Thus we should not want to have to list both the features Subject for run, for example.
Such a convention would, in effect, treat a selectional feature as itself being a kind of complex As always, there are a few exceptions that require separate statement.
Recall that we have presented some reasons for regarding the phrase by^passive (where passive is a dummy terminal symbol, replaceable, in fact, by the universal dummy symbol A) as a Manner Adverbial.
A Verb that can appear only in the passive would therefore be an exception to this rule (e.g., he is said to be a rather decent fellow, or, perhaps, such forms as he was shorn of The phonological redundancy rules are also subject to certain universal constraints, and there is no doubt that, for all features, these constraints go well beyond what has been illustrated here.
As these are formulated, they will also play the role of general conventions (i.e., aspects of the general definition of human language) that can be relied on to reduce the specificity of particular See Halle (1959a, 19596), 1961, 1962a, 1964.
Cf. also the discussion §§ 6, 7, and in the references given there.
Notice that Halles definition of the notion phonologically admissible (i.e., accidental versus systematic gap) suggests what in Chapter 1 was though there are, no doubt, also substantive constraints to be discovered here.
As possible examples of accidental gaps we might point to the the transitive grow, so that he Xs dogs is parallel in meaning to he grows corn (raise appears to cover both senses); or the absence of a word that bears to plants the relation that corpse bears to animals (this example was suggested by T.
G.
Bever). 25.
Thus we can regard the category of case in German as a fourvalued, gender as a threevalued, and number as a twovalued dimension, and we can consider all Nouns as being arrayed in a this is not the optimal analysis, and furdier structure must be imposed along these dimensions.
It is also possible to try to give are important matters and have been the subject of much study that, however, goes well beyond the scope of diis discussion.
I 26.
Simply for expository purposes, let us take the integers in the order of conventional presentations, so diat [1 Gender] is Masculine, [2 Number] is Plural, [2 Case] is Genitive, and Bruder is assigned to Class 1 along the dimension of declensional class.
Notice that we have assumed all along that features are binary — that they simply partition their domain of applicability into two disjoint classes.
There was no logical necessity for this.
In phonology, it seems clear that the distinctive features are, in fact, best regarded as binary in their phonological function (cf., e.g., Halle, 1957), though obviously not always in their phonetic function.
Thus in the case of the feature Stress, we can easily find five or more degrees that must be marked in English, and other phonetic features would also have to be regarded as multivalued in a detailed grammar.
It has been maintained (cf.
Jakobson, 1936) that such dimensions as Case should also be analyzed into a hierarchy of binary features (like phonological distinctive features), but we shall not consider this question here. 27.
That is, the categorial rule that develops Nouns will not be N » A (cf. p. 122), but rather N » [A, a Number] (a = + or — for English or German, though it may have more values or a different organization of values — cf. note 25 — for other systems). type the latter might be omitted, since its only function is to permit some generality to be introduced into the morphophonemic rules and since these grammars are, in fact, designed in such a way as to exclude the possibility of all but the most elementary general 29.
This defect of morphemic analysis of inflectional systems, which is quite serious, in practice, was pointed out to me by Morris Thus an alternative to the analysis presented in (30) would be to regard a lexical item such as Bruder as consisting of a Stem followed by an Ending, and to regard the Ending as belonging to the 31.
In the last few years, there has been very intensive and fruitful study of the transformational cycle of Russian and Latvian phonology (for references, see Chomsky, 1964, note 6, p. 14).
The rules that constitute this system apply to Phrasemarkers, and consequently their formulation depends very heavily on answers to the questions being considered here.
There has, so far, been no serious investigation of how a transformational cycle applies to a feature system and to Phrasemarkers such as (30).
When this is clarified, it will be possible to bring phonological evidence to bear on the inflectional systems.
For the moment, the empirical evidence suggests that the ordering of the transformational cycle in phonology course certain rules may be restricted in application in terms of syntactic features).
This is, furthermore, the most natural assumption, if we regard the features as actually constituting the terminal 32.
This formative might, in fact, be regarded as consisting of the feature [+ Definite], hence as a degenerate complex symbol that is expanded by the rule into the full complex symbol [+ Definite, a Gender, |3 Number, y Case].
See note 38 for some support for 33.
Variables over feature specifications were used in Chomsky, Halle, and Lukoff (1956) and Halle and Chomsky (i960), in developing the transformational stress cycle.
The idea of using them to deal with assimilation is due to Halle (1962b).
T.
G.
Bever has pointed out that the same device can be applied to a description of various kinds of alternations that involve feature shift (e.g., Ablaut).
Cf. 34.
See Lees (1961) and Smith (1961).
When the two Adjectives are paired in a rather special way that is for the present poorly understood, the transformation is not blocked even when they are distinct.
Thus we have such forms as this is taller than that is wide. 35.
Notice that the distinction that is emerging in this discussion is It is interesting to note that the correctness of such examples as (40) has been questioned.
In one of the earliest descriptive such a fa(on de parler cannot be considered either absolument mauvaise or fort bonne, and suggests that it be avoided when masculine and feminine forms of the Adjective differ.
Thus, a man speaking to a woman should not say je suis plus beau que vous, paraphrase je suis plus beau que vous netes belle, although it would be perfectly all right for him to say je suis plus riche que 36.
This fact, pointed out to me by Brandon Quails, raises various difficulties for the analysis of comparatives.
In particular, if such sentences as (4iiii) are regarded as derived from I know several inversion following deletion of who are, as seems quite plausible, we must somehow account for such facts as the following: the impossibility of I know a more clever man than Mary or I have never seen a heavier book than this rock, although the presumed sources of these (namely, I know a man (who is) more clever than Mary and I have never seen a book (which is) heavier than this rock) are perfectly all right; the fact that the sentence I have never read a more intricate poem than Tristram Shandy implies that the latter is a poem, whereas the sentence I have never read a poem (which is) more intricate than Tristram Shandy, which, in this view, is taken to be its source, does not Again, as throughout this discussion, I should like to emphasize that there is no particular difficulty in formulating an ad hoc system of transformational rules that will have the desired properties.
The problem, rather, is to provide some explanation for such 37.
The deletion of the pluralized nonDefinite Article is automatic, of the general condition on recoverability of deletions.
As has frequently been observed, the identity condition for relativization involves only the Noun, and not the Determiner of the deleted Noun Phrase.
Thus from I have a [# the friend is from England #] friend we can form, by relativization, I have a friend (who is) from England in the usual way.
The deleted Noun Phrase is the friend, and the problem is the deletion of the Article, which differs from the Article that is used to erase it by the relative transformation.
The embedded sentence could not be a friend is from England, in which case the problem would not arise, since definiteness of the Article is automatic in this position.
But the fact that definiteness is obligatory suggests that in the underlying Phrasemarker the Article be left unspecified for definiteness, this being added by a redundancy rule (in this case, an obligatory transformation).
If this is the correct analysis, then by the principle just established, deletion of the Article will be permissible, since in its underlying form it is nondistinct from the Article of the Noun Note that this decision requires a feature analysis for Articles, Notice that although sad, for example, need not be marked in the lexicon for postAnimateness (if we decide that what is involved here is not a matter of homonymity), it may very well be assigned contextual features corresponding to various subfeatures of [— Animate], so as to characterize as deviant such sentences as the pencil is sad, which cannot receive an interpretation analogous to that of the book was sad.
This matter has no relevance to the point at issue, though it raises nontrivial problems of a different sort.
We oversimplify somewhat.
Thus the constituent base Phrasemarker, in this case, might contain a certain nominalization morpheme in place of the preAspect part of the Auxiliary. (1960a, pp. 64f.), Chomsky (1964, pp. 47f.), and Katz and Postal Here, too, we might raise the question whether the nominalization element should be represented as a morpheme nom or as one of the features Fv • • •, Fm— in this case, a feature added by the A detailed study of one system of essentially this sort, namely formation of compound nouns, is presented in Lees (1960a, Chapter 4, and appendices).
See now also Zimmer (1964).
Cf. also note 30.
Perhaps it will be possible to rephrase this convention as part of a general definition of the notion word.
That is, one might try to state a general rule determining placement of within the scope of complex symbols.
This possibility was suggested by some observations of Paul Postals, and should be further A related class of problems is examined briefly by Harris (1957, various articles (e.g., Bolinger, 1961), has listed many examples of indicate areas where all presently known theories of language have failed to provide any substantial insight, and they can be extended in many ways, with little difficulty.
Bolinger suggests that Aristotle.
De Anima.
Translated by J.
A.
Smith.
In R.
McKeon (ed.),
The Basic Works of Aristotle.
New York: Random House, 1941.
Arnauld, A., and P.
Nicole (1662).
La Logique, ou Iart de penser.
Austin, J.
L. (1956).
A plea for excuses.
Proceedings of the Aristotelian Society.
Reprinted in J.
O.
Urmson and G.
J.
Warnock (eds.),
(ig6o).
The present status of automatic translation of languages.
In F.
L.
Alt (ed.), Advances in Computers, Vol.
I, pp. gi163.
New York: Academic Press.
A.
Kasher, and E.
Shamir (1963).
Measures of Syntactic Complexity.
Report for U.S.
Office of Naval Research, Information Systems Branch.
Jerusalem.
Bever, T.
G. (1963).
The eo Ablaut in Old English.
Quarterly , and T.
Langendoen (1963).
The reciprocating cycle of the
IndoEuropean eo Ablaut.
Quarterly Progress Report, No. 69, Research Laboratory of Electronics, M.I.T., pp. 202203.
Bloch, B. (1950).
Studies in colloquial Japanese IV: Phonemics.
Language, 26, pp. 86125.
Reprinted in M.
Joos (ed.), Readings in Bolinger, D.
L. (1961).
Syntactic blends and other matters.
Language, Breland, K., and M.
Breland (1961).
The misbehavior of organisms.
Chomsky, N. (1951).
Morphophonemics of Modern Hebrew.
Unpublished Masters thesis, University of Pennsylvania.
(1955).
The Logical Structure of Linguistic Theory.
Mimeographed, M.I.T.
Library, Cambridge, Mass.
Transactions on Information Theory, Vol.
IT2, pp. 113124.
Reprinted, with corrections, in R.
D.
Luce, R.
Bush, and E.
Galanter (19590).
On certain formal properties of grammars.
Information and Control, 2, pp. 137167.
Reprinted in R.
D.
Luce, R.
Bush,
(19596).
Review of Skinner (1957).
Language, 35, pp. 2658.
Reprinted in Fodor and Katz (1964).
Word, jy, pp. 219239.
Reprinted in part in Fodor and Katz (1964). (1962a).
A transformational approach to syntax.
In A.
A.
Hill (ed.), Proceedings of the 1958 Conference on Problems of Linguistic Analysis in English, pp. 124148.
Austin, Texas.
Reprinted in Fodor
(1963).
Formal properties of grammars.
In R.
D.
Luce, R.
Bush, and E.
Galanter (eds.), Handbook of Mathematical Psychology, Vol.
II, pp. 323418.
New York: Wiley.
& Co.
A slightly earlier version appears in Fodor and Katz (1964).
This is a revised and expanded version of a paper presented to the session The logical basis of linguistic theory, at the Ninth International Congress of Linguists, Cambridge, Mass., 1962.
It appears under the title of the session in H.
Lunt (ed.), Proceedings of the (in press).
Topics in the theory of generative grammar.
In
T.
A.
Sebeok (ed.), Current Trends in Linguistics.
Vol.
III.
Linguistic Theory.
The Hague: Mouton & Co. , M.
Halle, and F.
Lukoff (1956).
On accent and juncture in English.
In M.
Halle, H.
Lunt, and H.
MacLean (eds.), For Roman , and G.
A.
Miller (1963).
Introduction to the formal analysis of natural languages.
In R.
D.
Luce, R.
Bush, and E.
Galanter (eds.), , and M.
P.
Schiitzenberger (1963).
The algebraic theory of contextfree languages.
In P.
Braffort and D.
Hirschberg (eds.), Computer Programming and Formal Systems, pp. 119161, Studies in Curry, H.
B. (1961).
Some logical aspects of grammatical structure.
In R.
Jakobson (ed.), Structure of Language and Its Mathematical
Aspects, Proceedings of the Twelfth Symposium in Applied Mathematics, pp. 5668.
Providence, R.
I.: American Mathematical Society. works by Descartes translated by E.
S.
Haldane and G.
T.
Ross in The Philosophical Works of Descartes, Vol.
I.
New York: Dover, •955Diderot, D. (1751)Lettre sur les Sourds et Muets.
Page references are to J.
Assezat (ed.), Oeuvres Computes de Diderot, Vol.
I (1875).
Dixon, R.
W. (1963).
Linguistic Science and Logic.
The Hague: Mouton
Du Marsais, C.
Ch. (1729).
Les viritables principes de la grammaire.
On the dating of this manuscript, see Sahlin (1928), p. ix.
Fillmore, C.
J. (1963).
The position of embedding transformations in Fodor, J.
A., and J.
J.
Katz (eds.) (1964).
The Structure of Language: Readings in the Philosophy of Language.
Englewood Cliffs, N.
J.: Foot, P. (1961).
Goodness and choice.
Proceedings of the Aristotelian Fraser, B. (1963).
The position of conjoining transformations in a
Proceedings of the 1964 Magdeburg Symposium, Zeichen und System der Sprache.
Frishkopf, L.
S., and M.
H.
Goldstein (1963).
Responses to acoustic stimuli from single units in the eighth nerve of the bullfrog.
Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, 35, pp. 12191228.
Ginsburg, S., and H.
G.
Rice (1962).
Two families of languages related view.
In C.
I.
J.
M.
Stuart (ed.), Report of the Fifteenth Annual Greenberg, J.
H. (1963).
Some universals of grammar with particular reference to the order of meaningful elements.
In J.
H.
Greenberg
Gleitman, L. (1961).
Conjunction with and, Transformations and Discourse Analysis Projects, No. 40, mimeographed.
Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania.
Gross, M. (1964).
On the equivalence of models of language used in the fields of mechanical translation and information retrieval.
Information Storage and Retrieval, 2, pp. 4357.
Hall, B. (1964).
Review of Saumjan and Soboleva (1963).
Language 40, PP3974ioHalle, M. (1957).
In defense of the number two.
In E.
Pulgram (ed.), (1959a).
Questions of linguistics.
Nuovo Cimento, 13, pp. 4945>7(1959b).
The Sound Pattern of Russian.
The Hague: Mouton & (1961).
On the r°le °f tr,e simplicity in linguistic description.
In R.
Jakobson (ed.), Structure of Language and Its Mathematical Aspects, Proceedings of the Twelfth Symposium in Applied Mathematics, pp. 8994.
Providence, R.I.: American Mathematical
(1962a).
Phonology in generative grammar.
Word, 18, pp. 5472.
Reprinted in Fodor and Katz (1964). dissimilation.
Quarterly Progress Report, No. 66, Research Laboratory of Electronics, M.I.T., pp. 295296.
(964)On the bases of phonology.
In Fodor and Katz (1964).
Quarterly Progress Report, No. 58, Research Laboratory of Electronics, M.I.T., pp. 275281. , and K.
Stevens (1962).
Speech recognition: a model and a program for research.
I.R.E.
Transactions in Information Theory,
Vol.
IT8, pp. 155159.
Reprinted in Fodor and Katz (1964). rules: a defense of phrase structure.
Language, 39, pp. 597616.
Harris, Z.
S. (1951).
Methods in Structural Linguistics.
Chicago: University of Chicago Press.
(1957).
Cooccurrence and transformation in linguistic structure.
Language, 33, pp. 293340.
Held, R., and S.
J.
Freedman (1963).
Plasticity in human sensorimotor Herbert of Cherbury (1624).
De Veritate.
Translated by M.
H.
Carr£ grammatical categories.
In R.
Jakobson (ed.), Structure of Language and Its Mathematical Aspects, Proceedings of the Twelfth
Hockett, C.
F. (1958).
A Course in Modern Linguistics.
New York: Macmillan.
Hubel, D.
H., and T.
N.
Wiesel (1962).
Receptive fields, binocular interaction and functional architecture in the cats visual cortex.
Hull, C.
L. (1943).
Principles of Behavior.
New York: AppletonCenturyCrofts.
Humboldt, W. von. (1836).
Vber die Verschiedenheit des Menschlichen Sprachbaues.
Berlin.
Tesperson, O. (1924).
Philosophy of Grammar.
London: Allen 8: Unwin.
Katz, J.
J. (1964a).
Semisentences.
In Fodor and Katz (1964). • (1964(f).
Semantic theory and the meaning of good.  Journal
, and J.
A.
Fodor.
The structure of a semantic theory.
Language, jg, pp. 170210.
Reprinted in Fodor & Katz (1964).
, and J.
A.
Fodor (1964).
A reply to Dixons A trend in semantics.  Linguistics, 3, pp. 1929. and P.
Postal (1964).
An Integrated Theory of Linguistic Descriptions.
Cambridge, Mass.: M.I.T.
Press.
Klima, E.
S. (1964).
Negation in English.
In Fodor and Katz (1964).
Lancelot, C, A.
Arnauld, et al. (1660).
Grammaire generate et raisonnie.
Lees, R.
B. (1957).
Review of Chomsky (1957).
Language, 33, pp. 375407.
(19606).
A multiply ambiguous adjectival construction in English.
Language, 36, pp. 207221.
(1961).
Grammatical analysis of the English comparative construction.
Word, ry, pp. 171185. , and E.
S.
Klima (1963).
Rules for English pronominalization.
Leibniz, G.
W.
New Essays Concerning Human Understanding.
Translated by A.
G.
Langley.
LaSalle, 111.: Open Court, 1949.
Lemmon, W.
B., and G.
H.
Patterson (1964).
Depth perception in In S.
Diamond (ed.), Culture in History: Essays in Honor of Paul
Radin.
New York: Columbia University Press.
Reprinted in a revised and extended version under the title The capacity for language acquisition in Fodor and Katz (1964).
Lettvin, J.
Y., H.
R.
Maturana, W.
S.
McCuIloch, and W.
H.
Pitts (1959).
What the frogs eye tells the frogs brain.
Proceedings of Luria, A.
R., and O.
S.
Vinogradova (1959).
An objective investigation of the dynamics of semantic systems.
British Journal of Psychology,
Matthews, G.
H. (1964).
Hidatsa Syntax.
The Hague: Mouton & Co.
Matthews, P.
H. (1961).
Transformational grammar.
Archivum Linguisticum, JJ, pp. 196209.
Miller, G.
A., and N.
Chomsky (1963).
Finitary models of language users.
In R.
D.
Luce, R.
Bush, and E.
Galanter (eds.), Handbook of Mathematical Psychology, Vol.
II, Ch. 13, pp. 419492.
New York: , E.
Galanter, and K.
H.
Pribram (i960).
Plans and the Structure , and S.
Isard (1963).
Some perceptual consequences of linguistic rules.
Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior, 2, No. 3,
, and S.
Isard (1964).
Free recall of selfembedded English sentences.
Information and Control, y, pp. 292303. , and D.
A.
Norman (1964).
Research on the Use of Formal Languages in the Behavioral Sciences.
Semiannual Technical Report, Department of Defense, Advanced Research Projects Agency, JanuaryJune 1964, pp. 1011.
Cambridge: Harvard University, Center , and M.
Stein (1963).
Grammarama.
Scientific Report No.
CS2, Paul, H. (1886).
Prinzipien der Sprachgeschichte, second edition.
Translated into English by H.
A.
Strong.
London: Longmans, Green & Postal, P.
M. (1962a).
Some Syntactic Rules in Mohawk.
Unpublished description.
Quarterly Progress Report No. 64, Research Laboratory of Electronics, M.I.T., pp. 231238.
(19646).
Underlying and superficial linguistic structure.
Harvard Educational Review, 34, pp. 246266.
Quine, W.
V. (i960).
Word and Object.
Cambridge, Mass.: M.I.T.
Press,
Reichling, A. (1961).
Principles and methods of syntax: cryptanalytical formalism.
Lingua, 10, pp. 117.
Reid, T. (1785).
Essays on the Intellectual Powers of Man.
Page references are to the abridged edition by A.
D.
Woozley, 1941.
London: Rosenbloom, P. (1950).
The Elements of Mathematical Logic.
New York: Russell, B. (1940).
An Inquiry into Meaning and Truth.
London: Allen the Aristotelian Society.
Reprinted in A.
G.
N.
Flew (ed.), Logic
Sahlin, G. (1928).
Cesar Chesneau du Marsais et son rdle dans revolution de la grammaire generate.
Paris: Presses Universitaires.
Saumjan, S.
K., and P.
A.
Soboleva (1963).
Applikativnaja porohdajuscaja model i istislenie transformacij v russkom jazyke.
Moscow:
Schachter, P. (1962).
Review: R.
B.
Lees, Grammar of English nominalizations.
International Journal of American Linguistics, 28, pp. i34«45Schlesinger, I. (1964).
The Influence of Sentence Structure on the Shamir, E. (1961).
On sequential grammars.
Technical Report No. 7, Smith, C.
S. (1961).
A class of complex modifiers in English.
Language, 37, PP342365Stockwell, R., and P.
Schachter (1962).
Rules for a segment of English Sutherland, N.
S. (1959).
Stimulus analyzing mechanisms.
Mechanization of Thought Processes, Vol.
II, National Physical Laboratory Sweet, H. (1913).
Collected Papers, arranged by H.
C.
Wyld.
Oxford: Twaddell, W.
F. (1935).
On Defining the Phoneme.
Language Monograph No. 16.
Reprinted in part in M.
Joos (ed.), Reading in theory.
In H.
Lunt (ed.), Proceedings of the Ninth Congress of
Ullmann, S. (1959).
The Principles of Semantics.
Second edition.
Glasgow: Jackson, Son & Co.
Vaugelas, C.
F. de (1647).
Remarques sur la langue Francaise.
Facsimile
Wilson, J.
C. (1926).
Statement and Inference, Vol.
I.
Oxford: Clarendon Press.
Ynvge, V. (i960).
A model and a hypothesis for language structure.
Zierer, E. (1964).
Linking verbs and nonlinking verbs.
Languaje y
fiC^a^an , rc\^\ tC U$..,c. {.o1a^,*,. l;e+J, l.l Y Since the hypothesis in (5) does not provide an alternativeexplanation for the unacceptability of (i), I would rate this particular argument for the Freezing hinciple as the strongest As Stan Peters has pointed out to me, the adoption of restrictions like those suggestedin (1975).
The problem is that casescan arisein which a tentative transformationalcomponcnt may fail to include two transformations that are necessaryin the derivation of a certain schtence s from a base phrase marker 6. lf hypothesizedtransformationalrules are drawn only from the set defined by the more restricted framework, then the transformational component in the following trivial grammar is unattainableby the HamburgerWexlerprocedure: This grammar gen€ratesthe languageconsistingof the single slrlr,gdbcca.The HamburgerWexler procedure could not learn this transformational component, since the procedure requires thal only one transformational rule be added at e time.
Given the initial tentative transformational component (thc empty one), the presenlation of the datum ( g laDccdl5 , dbcco) would not lead to any change in the componeni. since there is no singlerule of the form given in (14) that would suffice to carry out the necessarypermutation ofthe termind 5.
This is not to say that obligatory rules create no seriouslearnability problems.
Given a descriptive franrework that allows botlr optional and obligatory rules without any restrictions, the most serious problem is precisely that of learning whether a given rule is obligarory or optional.
Positive evidence would be of no avail here, since ungrammaticalsentencescharacteristically provide the crucial evidencein favor of assigningobligatory status to a rule.
This is thus another area in which the possibilitiesfor greater restrictivenessdeserveto be investiSated. theory (EST), as outlined, for example.in Chomsky (1972, l975b)and references I w a n t to e xa m i n e
1 9 7 3 , l 9 1 4 , 1 9 7 5 bc. ) a n d r e l a te dw o r k ci te d i n tl r e ser e fe r e n ce s. someproposalsput forth tentatively in the work cited and in so doing to revlse I assumethat a grammaris a theory of conrpetenceand that universalgramnrar s e n t a t i o n sa n d t h e r u l e s th a t a p p l y to th e n r , a n d th e m a n n e r i n w h i ch th e scr u i e s o f t h e l a n g u a g c( a n d , i n p r i n ci p l e ,to a l l p o te n ti a l scn tcn ccs)A. str u ctu r a ld e scr i p tion of a sentcnceconsislsof a rcprcscntationof the sentcnceon eaclrlinguistic level(cf.
Chonrsky, 1955).
I assunrethat two of theselevelsare the levelsof phonetic representation(PR) and what I will call logical form (LF.1,meanitrgby the Thus a gramnrar assignsto each sentence.in particular, a pair of representations
(pr, l/),where p/ is drawn frorn PR irnd // fronr LF. principleso[ some version of the Xbar theory (for rccent discussionseeIlornstein, t 9 7 5 , S e l k i r k. 1 9 7 5 ; H a l i tsky ( 1 9 7 5 ) ; Em o n d s( 1 9 7 6 ) ; Br e sn a n ,1 9 7 6 a ;Ja cke n d o ff, forthcoming),and the latter of the generalcharacterdevelopedin Aronoff (1916)The base generatcsan inllnitc class of deep structurcs (initial phrascnrarkers).I are deternrined by interaction of lexical properties and configurationsof deep D = (Kt.... , Kr). where K1 is a basegenerated frorn Kt by a transfornration, and no obligatory transformation is applicable The derivation D must be related to PR and LF.
I will have little to say here about the relation to PR.
As for LF, I assumethat it is determinedby interpretive rules applying to Krr.
Under this assumption,it must be that thematic relationsare properly exprcssed in K though determined at Kl.
I will assumethat this is the case,in accordancewith trace theory, as outlined in the referencescited above.If so. then interpretive rules extend the derivation D, carrying Kn to a representation in LF.
Theseinterpretiverules are the rulesSIl of Chomsky (1975b,c).It is in fact misleading to call these rules of semantic interpretation, as in these references and elsewhere; they are more properly describedas rules concernedwith the syntax of LF.
Note that Kn will not be surface structure in the familiar sens€.It is more atrstract, by virtue of trace theory, and may be zubject to nontransformational rules (e.g.. scrambling).
Some crucial aspectsof PR may be determinedby the extended derivation from Kn to LF.
Thus, as noted first by Lees (1960),deletion theory that meansthat the possibilitiesof deletion are in part fixed by propertiesof representationsat LF or between K, and LF.
Cf.
Sag (forthcoming, 1976) for an Tlris outline is extremely sketchy, and the analysescited are not evenmutually cornpatiblein detail.
I presentit only so as to locate the following discussionwithin l will be concernednow with a kind of core granrnrarfor Englishconsistingof a fcw general rules and some generalconditionsgoverningthe operation of these rules.
The rules in question include two transformationalrules(l) and three interpretive rules(2): The rulesof (2) are amongthosethat Kenneth Hale has calledrules of construal (cf. llale, 1976).
An informal explanationof their meaningwill do for now.
Let us assume that there is some standard method for indexing nonterminal symbols in all nonterrninalsare indexed. in ways to be discussed.lf each otheris assignedthe lea turel+a naplr or ic t oil , t hent he s t r uc t ur e.. .
N P t... e a c h o t h e r... ( o r... e a c h other.. .
NPi...) is assignedthe appropriate reciprocal interpretation, whatever this may be (for discussion,see Fiengo and Lasnik, 1973; Dougherty, 1974).
A pronoun marked l+anaphoricto r] will be interpretedh LF as anaphoricto NP, ; for English, sefi so that English (nonemphatic) reflexive is understood as bound anaphora.A pronoun marked [anaphoric to i] will be understoodas disjoint in referenceto NPi; cf.
Chomsky (1973); Lasnik (forthcoming).
I assunrethat this rule lalls under a more gencral rule of disjoint referenceapplying (in sornewhat different ways) to all NPs.
To ntake thesevaguerentarksexplicit, it is necessary explainwhat is meant by the term anaphoric.
I assumethat there is a procedure for introducing variablesfor NPs in LF, including pronouns,and thal the notions anaphoric, nonanaphoric will be understood as determining the choice of how rules (2) are implemented,so I will not pursue the mailer, asfarasl can see, caseof problems concerningthe semanticsof plurality.
I will assumethat the rules I assumethat the rules( l) and (2) meet the following conditions: cycle; the subjacencycondition is a property of cyclic rules,i.e.,part of the
I u n d e r s t a n dt h e n o ti o n o f th e cycl eh e r e i n th e se n seo f C h o m sky( 1 9 7 3 ,( 5 1 ) ). cyclicor postcyclic,it follows from this formulation that the rules(l), specifically (lb), are cyclic, since they apply in embeddedstructures.l I will understandthe zubjacencycondition as holding that a cyclic rule cannot move a phrasefronr posi..1..l...X....w h e r e a a n d p a r e For the present,I will take the cyclic nodes to be S and NP; on the effect of other
The subjacencycondition appliesto cyclic rules only; hence to cyclic transformationalrules but not to interpretiverules or to postcyclictransforllationalrules.
Thus for many people (myself included), such examplesas (7) and (8) are fully we u)ant very much Ig.for I pp plcrzres of each otherl to be on salel the men expected [S t/rat 1*, pictures of each otherl would be on salel
Similarly,a postcyclic rule such as tlle major caseof French clitic nrovement(cf.
Akmajian, 1975).
But I am assumingthat the sameis true of lowering rules such as quantifier movement, and leftwardmovementraising rules. lt is easy enough the sentences(9), (10), where there is a relation between the phrase in bold face and the position marked by f , violating subjacencyunder the assumptionthat the who did Mary hope [g that Tom would tell Bill [g that he should yrsir r I I Putting the matter more carefully, a proposed condition on rules, such as subjacency,cannot be confirmed or refuted directly by phenomenaof this (or any other) sort.
A condition on rules can be conllrmed or refuted only by rules, which observe or violate it, respectively.
If the rule of NPmovement that yields (9) applies successivecyclically, as often assumed,then the rule will observesubjacency.If, as I have argued in the referencescited, the rule of whmovement applies successive cyclically, then it too will observe subjacency, giving (10).
To find evidence to support or to refute a proposed condition on rules,it doesnot sufficeto list unexplainedphenomena;rather,itisnecessaryto presentrules,i.e., to presenta fragment of a grammar.
The confirmation or refutation will be as convincing as the fragment of grammar presented.
This is a simple point of logic, occasionally overlooked in the literature.
The status of conditions on rules is empirical,but evidencecan onJy be indirect and the argument, one way or another, is necessarilyrather abstract and The conditions (4) and (5) (PIC and SSC) refer to structuresof the form (ll), As in the case of subjacency, I wi.ll take S and NP to be the cyclic nodes,delaying the discussionof other choiccs until later.
PIC (the tensedScondition of the re fere ncescite d)a s s er t s t hat nor ulec aninv olv eX a n d Y w h e r e a i s a f i n i t e c l a u s e (tensedS).
SSC assertsthat no rule can involve X and Y where a contains a specified subject, i.e., a subject not containing Y and notcontrolled byX(l modify an earlier formulation here; I assumethat y contains),). lf q containsa subject,then only the subject is accessibleto rule, if the subject is specified in the defined sense.
The term involved in was left deliberatelyvague in the exploratory studies cited above, as was the category of rules to which the conditions are relevant.We nray sharpen the formulation somewhat to include the desiredcasesand exclude unwanted ones.
Let us restrict attention to rules specifiedin terms of a structural
(cf.
Cho msky, 1 95 5, 196l; Chom s k y and M iller , 1 9 6 3 ; P e t e r sa n d R i t c h i e , 1 9 7 3 ). (12 ), wh ere d i is a c ons t ant or ai = v bl, and eac hc o n s t a n tm a y b e e i t h e r a s i n g l e element of the Xbar system or a terminal string (perhaps only a singlesymbol): s u b j e c tt o t h e s t r u c t u r alch a n g e ,w i th th e se fa cto r s,j u st i n ca se( xt,...,xr ) analyzableas (12) with respectto K; i.e.,.r, is an aj r^,ithrespectto K, where an We now saythat a transformationalrule involvesX and Y when it nrovesa phrase from position X to position Y and a rule of construal involves X and Y when it assignsI/the feature [+anaphoric to iJ , where X has the index i (or conversely,in PIC, stipulating that a is the cyclic node inlmediately dominating the category of I/.
Then rule (2b), giving(8), will not violate PIC.
For discussionof the effect of PIC and SSC on postulated rules of grammar, see Chomsky (1971, 1973, 1974, l975b,c); Lasnik and Fiengo (197i; Kayne (t975); Fiengo and Lasnik (1976); by UG, but it is often assumedthat conditions on rules must be invariant.This (1973).
There is no a priori reasonnot to assumethe opposite,and in fact, a very high level of explanatory adequacy might well be attained by a theory of UG that permittedeither rules or conditions to vary, within fixed limits, To considera case in point, Kim (1976) observesthat rules of anaphorain Korean meet a condition ratherlike PlC, but with a somewhatdifferent condition on c of (l I).
There is no formal distinction in Korean between tensedand nontensedclauses,but there is a o f E n g l i s ha n d t h e R o ma n cel a n g u a g e s:n a m e l y,th e co m p l e m e n tso fa ce r ta i n cl a ss the verbs that in English take infinitives.
Thus we can formulate a variant of Plc for Korean,with the condition on c modified, and we can sugg,est abstractformulation of PIC of which Englishand Korean are specialcases.In the absenceof more extensive work on rule systemsin other languages,I am reluctant anything further.
Note again that evidence bearing on questions of this rules,not phenomena,have bearing on the validity of conditions on rules. the notion subject in this language.The work cited on English and Ronrance seemsto require a formal definition of subject in much the senceof Chomsky certain conditions on what can be taken as subject in the syntactically unmarked subject differently, but at a cost in the grammar,in accordancewith the logic of markedness.One would expect that current work in relational grammar will stred much light on these questions.For the moment, I would prefer to think of the conditions cited as instancesof conditionschemata,part of the core grammar of bearing on their viability and the more generalformulation of the relevant schemata. is proposed for conditions of the sort discussedthere, including (4) and (5).
Under this interpretation, a condition does not impose an absolute restriction aSainst rules of a certain type (e.g., in the caseof (4), rules not subject to PIC);rather a rule nrust be interpreted in accordancewith the condition unless otherwise specified.
Thus, one might construct a rule to violate the AoverA condition, but only at a cost: the rule would have to make explicit the relevant structuresso that it can apply without failing under the condition.
The logic of this approach, as noted, is essentiallythat of the theory of markedness.That is, the conditionsbecomean integral part of an evaluation measure,rather than imposing absolute prohibitions.
I Let me now state the point somewhat more exactly.
Assuming transformations and rules of construal to be defined as indicated above,in termsof (12), letussay th at o i, ap iate adiac ent in( 12) if eac his c ons t a n t ( i. e. , * v b t ) a n d a n y t e r m i n t e r vening between them is =vbl (i.e.,7=1, or i=2 and ai+t = ubl; theseare the only Suppose now that we limit attention to rules of construal.
Each such rule relates two categories of the phrase marker, assigningto one (the anaphor) the feature [+anaphoric to i], where i is the index of the other (the antecedent).Let us say that tlre antecedent and the anaphor are involved rn the rule if they are adjacent; anaplror will then nrake the conditions inapplicable,at a cost, in accordancewith assumeleave trace.
It is natural to regard the relation between a moved phraseand we can derive. in an interestingclassof cases,a principledexplanationfor the fact that certain rulesand rule sequencesare permissiblewhile others are not;cf.
Fiengo (1974), Chomsky (1974,1975b).
But now observethat we can extend the notion involved in defined for rules of construalto movemenl rules by permitting the latter to apply freely, then applying the conditions to the moved phrase(the antecedent) and its trace (the anaphor).
We can then fornrulatea somewhatstronger condition of autonomy of syntax (cf.
Lightfoot, 1976c);namely, the semanticconditions that enter into SSC are restricted to the interpretive rules.
Taking this approach, the movement rule reflectedin the surfacestructure(l3a) is blocked for the samereasonthat the casesof bound anaphorain ( | 3b), ( I 3c) are blocked: *Bill seems John to like tl (r = traceof Bill) applying to transformational rules as filters, in effect; the result of applying a transformational movement rule may or may not yield an appropriatecaseof bound conditionfor movementrulesUnder this interpretationof the applicationof con0itions,we have the relative interpretation referred to earlier.
That is,just as a languagecan have a rule that does not obsewe the AoverA conditionat a cost, under the logic of markednessso it can have a rule that does not obsewe,e.g.,plcagain at a cost, following the of Kayne (1975, pp. 6364).
Kayne arguesfor a generalrule Llous moving quantifiers to the left; generallyspeaking,it observesthe conditions on rules cited (cf. the appearanceof the quantifier in such sentencesas (14), acceptedby nrany but ln (la), the quantifier is construedwith a pronoun that is within a rensedsenrence.
Kayne does not formulate a rule for theseexamples.He notes that it is doubtful that the LTous rule can be modified to apply, for one reason, becauseLTous appliesonly when the quantifier is not part of a largerNp, which would be falsein thesecases.and for another, becausetous does not appear witlton.2 It seemsthat construingQ with PRo, where v* is a certain classof verbs includingfailoir, vouloir, Q is a quantifier, and o is either null or is a ,.sufficientlyshort Np; apparently, informant judgments, which are ar best conflicling, strongly prefer pronouns or simplyproper nouns, with acceptabilityrapidly decliningas o beconresmore conrplex.suppose that (15) is the rule, more or less.Then, we do not havea violation of PlC, under the relativeinterpretationof conditionsjust outlined. the cost being the complexity of the rule (which doesnot strictly fall within the framework(12), incidentally).That is, PRo (or trace, if we regard the rule in question as a movement rule) is assignedthe feature [+anaphoricto e] , but e and pRO are not r{}acg1t.As to whether this approachis generalenough to deal with all suchcases ud no more, I would not hazarda guess,at this point.
Note againthat rhe question only ariseswhen we can make a fair guessas to the relevantrule. phenonrenanray As formulated, conditions will apply to a construalrule when antecedentand rnaphorare either (a) separatedby vbl or (b) separatedby nothing, i.e., successrve. case(a) is the generalone; it is the familiar caseof rulesapplyingover a variable.
An exampleis wftmovenrentwithin a clause.Exanrplesof (b) are few, and perhaps generated in place and interpreted), as describedin Fiengo and Lasnik But as noted by Postal(1976), although ( I 7b) is acceptable( l9) is not: assun tptio nstha n r hey do. s uppos ewe as s unr et h e s t r u c t u r e so f ( l 7 b ) a n d I v r t he m enal/ [ PRO  t o lea v e f Suppose we take PRO in (20) to be nonterminalin effect, a feature on the subject NP; reasonswrll be given below.
Then (20) is subject to the analysis(16), and the rule relatingall and t should apply.
Supposenow wewere toextend ournotion of involvement to relate also adjacentconstant terms, one of which is either antecedent or anaphor and the other a constantcateSoryof the Xbar system.Then the pair (atl, to leave) is involved in the rule.
Suppose tlrat we modify the notion specified subject, in a not unnatural way, revisingSSCso that given(l l), no rule can apply if X and Y are involved in the rule and q containsa subjectnot containing Y arrd not controlled by the category containingX or its trace(a slightly different forrlulation is needed if we take the rule to be one of construal).This modification te avesoth er casesunc hanged.but now we will de r i v e( l? b ) a n d n o t ( 1 9 ) b y v i r t u e of fanriliar propertiesof control.
The caseis interestingin that the constantterms
involved are Q and VP, although the applicationof tlre rule related NP and Q. other possibleanalyses,but perhapswe can take this exarnpleat leastas an illustra tion of the logic of the problenr,and perhapsan actual illustrationof the operative Assuming this framework, with or without the modification just discussed,we SSC: (i) they seem to me I t to like eoch otherl (ii) *I seem to them I t to like each other ] (iil) wlut book do they expect f to read t to each other (iv),what book do rlrey expect lt to be read to each otherl (v).whot book do they expect I Biltto read to each other SSC: (i) they seem to me It to like theml (ii) I seem to them [t to like them I (rii) whot book do they expect Ito rcad t to theml (they (iv) whot boolesdo they expect I t to be read to them (v) whot book do they expect I Bilt to read t to themlS (vb l, t ,NP, Q , Xn, v bt ) where we take Xn to be an element of the Xbar systemstandingfor the categories NP, VP.
AP, and r to be the trace left by movement of the quantifier Q.
The rule will p ermit ( | 7 ) b ut not ( l8) : PIC: (i) Bill is betieved lt to be a fooll (il) *cela leur fera lt4l€phoner ce gargon r] (compare I sesparents (lii) elle lui fera I boire du uin r] (comp arc i son enfant in place I ordered the boys lto have eachfinished the work h_t,ruxtnl (CNPC) and also the wlrislandconstraints,when taken in conjunctionwith SSC and an independently motivated condition to block rl remember what who saw wh ife pe rrritting l r em enr berwho s aw what ; c f .
C h o m s k y( 1 9 7 3 , 1 9 7 5 b ) , f o r d i s  cussion.
Thus any rule subject to subjacency must meet the CNPC and the wft cf.
Chonrsky, 1973, for discussionof some problematic cases).10On the other tions observe these constraints.
Thus on tlrese assumptions we should have such When we considerinterpretive rules that do not, I believe,fall within the range of rulcs of construal as considcredhere, thc situation seemsreasonablyclear.
For can violate the usual constraintsfairly freely, as noted by Ross(1967) and many involving a movement rule (with optional deletion of the moved pronoun if it is a , direct object, and, I assume,obligatory deletion if it is the subject)and the other movement rute observes the usual constraints; the interpretive rule violates them ( t his i sth e ma nIth a t(h i m )Is a wy e s t erday]) roiti et haii I 3e natata Ii et hasefet I ie hu katov oto lJ (l saw thenran Ithat you Saveme tltebook Ithat he wrote ir] ] The same is true in the (rather artificial) English such that construction which, though not parl of normal English,can be used readilyby Englishspeakerswithout as Jor as John is concerned, I will never believe the claims that have been In (24), ftrm is understood to refer to John, violating CNPC, the drisland constraint,and subjacency.If our approach is correct, then, no movement rule appliesin this case.Nor can a rule of construalapply, on the assunrptionthat these rulesare subjectto PIC and SSC.A nalural approach,l think, is to assunlethat pronounsare basegenerated and permitted to refer freely (Doughertysanaporn relation; cf. note l2).
Thus, the baserulescould haveintroducedarbitraryNPs in the italicizedpositions of (23ii), (2a). ln some cases,rules of bound anaphora(e.g..
(2b)) limit the choiceof NP to bound pronouns,in effect.
In the presentcase,how. evcr,it is not a rule of construalthat is involvedbut rather a rule of a different category that we may call rules of predication (cf.
Faraci, 1974).
The rule of inter. p r e t a t i o n f o r r e l a t i v e s r eq u i r e sth a tth e r e l a ti ve b taeke n a sa n o p e n se n te n ce sa ti sfi e d by the entity referred to by the NP in which it appears;hencethere must be an NP in the relativethat in interpreted as having no independent referencei.e., a pronoun with the appropriateinflections that can be given the anaphoric interpretation. beassumedto havea similarrule.
The propositionmust be about the item focused in the left.dislocatedphrase.How close the relation of aboutness must be is un. clear;some speakersseem to permit a rather loose connection, roughly as in the In the narrower case,where the leftdislocatedphrase is an NP, the situation is the framework I have so far discussedand are not subject to any of the conditions be the case.The sameis true of rules that are not rulesof sentence can apply acrossspeakersin discoursesand correspondingly,is not subject to principlesor.sentencegrammar;cf. (26): John didnt hit a home run, but I know fo woman who rlidl that John didnl hir a home run is not surprisitrg, but that Bill knows Before turning to wftmovement.I want to say a word about trace theory.
Let us continue to assume,as before, that categoriesintroduced in a basederivationare indexed.Thus rules of construalcan be given in the form describedand lhen arises,what happensto the indexing of phrasesunder a lnovenlentrule.
For [ 5 [ pp_./ofrr] lyp be+en&r7l [*rBiltl by [Nn*l I I The rule of NP postposingmoves NP;, replacingthe terminal identity elemente, in NPp. lt is natural to assumethat the moved NP, John,retains its index, so that in place of NP1. we have NPi of (27).lt is generallyassumedandif we accept the lranrework of Emonds (1976\, must be assumedthat the NP subject position remains after application of the rule, but that it is not filled by a terminal string.
The position will later be filled by a structurepreservingrule of NPpreposing.Thus we do not assume that after NPpostposing(27) is just a VP.
Following these [s [Nr, el l r * be+ en lr ill lnpt Billl b y [ N p , f r e n ] l l We nra y no w d ef ine t he s ubs t r uc t ur eI Nprc l o f ( 2 8 ) a s t h e  t r a c e  o f N P , ( = I ). and represent it by convent ion as t( i) (read: trace of N P; t he su bstructureI lr p, el of ( 29) is t he t r ac eof NP ; , r e p r e s e n t e da s t ( i )  We m a y..trace, theh, as an indexed NP, with null terminal.
The notion trace, it nrust be) as a functign, falls naturally out of sortrereasonable Consider now the statusof the item often written asPRO, which appearsin such structures as (20).
We may take PRO to be just basegenerated i.e., as base generatedNPr an NP without a fixed index.
The index is then assigned by a ruf e of control.
E.g., in (2Oi),if v = persuade and the nan is NPr, then PRO will bectrnreNPl. and i1 v = promise and I is NPr, then PRO will becomeNPr In the forrner casc,PRO = r(i); in the latter, PRO = (i).
It follows. then, that trace and PRO are the sameelement;they differ only in the way the index is assignedasa residueof a movement rule in one case,and by a rule of control in the other.
We would expect, then, that trace and PRO have the sameeflect on rule application.This seemsto be the case;cfchomksy (1975c) for some discussion,following Quicoli (forthcoming, a).
Note also that PRO is non So conceived.trace theory (incorporatingthe theory of PRO), is a trivial modifi with a theory of indexing that is rather natural within the franteworkof EST.
But This completes the review and restatementof the generalframework I want to assume.Let us now turn to the rule of whmovement.In this section too I will trace,just as all movement rulesdo.
That is, the position from which the w&phrase moved remainsin the derived constituent structurewith its index, identicalto the index of the w/rphrase,now in COMP.
It seemsclear that words suchaswho, what. etc., should be regarded(at least in questions)as quantifiersof somesort.
Thus at for which x, x o person, John saw x l5 There is good reasonto supposethat the rules extending a derivationto LF form suchexpressionsas (3 l), and that variablesare introducedin other ways aswell, in particular,by the expansionof NP quantifierssuch asevery and by a rule of FOCUS. and developedby Wasow (1912) to a set of problems discussedfirst by Postal every,etc) is a terminal symbol of LF.
Therefore,although the structureresulting directly from wftmovementdoes not have a terminal symbol in the position of trace,the structure resulting from the interpretive rule expanding the quantifier
In Chomsky (1975c), I referredto traceas a terminal symbol.That was an error.
It is not trace that is a terminal symbol but rather the variableintroduced in the position of trace by the rules giving the meaning of such quantifiers as every and wlto (and also by the rule of FOCUS).
Difficulties in the assumprionthat trace is terminal were shown by Lightfoot (1976a) and Pollock (1976).
Furthermore.the
(or interpretation) given above,following (essentially)Fiengo and Lasnik.
The error of identi. fying trace itself as the variable within the scope of the wlr.quantifier.which is Here, trace marks the position from which the w/rphrasewas moved, but the rule expandingthe quantifier w/r will haveto yield the LFs (35), (36), respectively: for which x, x a person,Mory said that John &tssed[x ] The LF (37) has a terminal symbol, x, in the position of the NP sourceof dto, but
(32) has only a trace. i.e., only the structure INr, e] , where i is the index of who. bracketsin (35){37) in the position of trace.We may take the rule to be essentially Similarly, consider the case of French liaison discussedby Selkirk (1972).
She observesthat in one style, there is no liaison acrossthe site of wlrmovement, though there is liaison acressthe site of raisingof NP to subject(and, it seems,clitic movenrent, though she states that the facts are obscurein this case).According to the w/lnrovementmay, dependingon the ordering of the rule(38) and the rule of liaison.
In fact, it seenrsthat speakersof French agreethat there is liaison acrossthe raising site, but there is much variation and uncertainty about the wlrmovement cases.Perhapsthis meansthat the orderingof rulesis rather uncertainin this (somewhat artificial) style.
Unfortunately, the relevantdata are much lessclear than one might hope, and since the style in question is not conversationalbut rather taught, it is not so clear how seriously one can take the facts.
Some educatedspeakers To sunrmarize, we assume that when a phrase moves by a transformation, its category renrains as an unfilled node, and that the moved phraseand the original position have the sameindex.
The unfilled node labelledi ist(l), the traceof Pr, the phrase moved from position i.
The trace will invoke SSC and is availablefor assignment of thernatic relations.
PRO and trace are identified; they differ only with respect to the origin of the index.
The posiiion of trace may be filled by a phrase containing a variable.by expansion of a quantifier.
There may be phoneticeffects o f tra ce in the lat t er c as e.
The two casesare in fact quite different in character.Many languages first but not the second(e.g., Russian,German).
Furthermore,whereaswftmovementwithin a clauscis unconstrained,extraction from a clauseis lexicallygoverned, (42) a. *whot did John complain that he had to do this evening lg6 yp. [ wlr .
Nl[ + wH] l where / is the trace oi [wftNl , rewrite it as: [6syp f or whic hx , x anNl, [ s... [ x ]... l The framework assunredhere is that of Chonrsky (1973), and the analysiscan be limited to the terminal symbols(variables)introducedby the rule (38).
We can then maintain the analysisof such examplesas(39) as outlined in Chomksy ( 1975c),but Just what property of the matrix VP permits it to be a bridge (in the senseof move wft.phrasefrom COMP to a higher COMP over a bridge (COMP, X, wh.phrase, uDI), where X contains a VP with certain special If we incorporatethe bridge propertiesin (a5), then the rule will not fall srrictly be blocked by the conditions.
We must therefore introduce a language.specific Which of these approachesis preferableis unclear.
I will assumethe latter, without muchreason.Thus we add the languagespecific t h e i n t e r p r e t i v er u l e s ,e i th e r Sl l o r Sl 2 ( cf.
C h o n r sky,1 9 7 5 b.c;Er r e scl r i k,1 9 7 3 ) .
Sentence(al) will be fornred, as in the referencescited, by successivecyclic is subjectto all of the conditions on movement rules. so that we lravethe consequences Continuingto adopt the framework of the referencescited. as modified above,I will assumethat the rule (43) placesa wlrphrasewithin the COMP node ro the left of [tWH], which is realizedphonetically asthat,/or, or null.
There are a number of apparently rather idiosyncratic rules that determine the phonetic realizationof the items in COMP.
A forrnulation given in Chornsky(1973) can be considerablyimproved and extended. but I will not 8t>into the matter here.
One generalrule for pernritted, as they were in earlier stagesof the language.Thus we will have rules One of the three must apply.
By generalconditions on recoverabilityof deletion, which we may assume to exist though they are not understood in detail, (a7) will be inapplicablewhen the wftphrasecontainsactual lexical content (e.g., preposit ion s, po ssessives et, c. ) .
The r ules ( 48) apply nr or eb r o a d l y ; e .
E.. t h a tc a n b e d e l e t e d I will assumethal tlre wlrphrasemoved by the rule is as deterrninedby Bresnans r e lativize dAo ve r A pr inc iple( c f .
Br es nan,1976a ; Wo i s e t s c h l a g el 9r ,7 6 , S a g , 1 9 7 6 , where there is a bridge, there is an apparenlviolation of subjacency, The properties (49) follow, on the theory outlined, from the assumptionthat wltmovement nroves a phrasc (inrplying (a)), observesSSC, PlC, and subjacency (implying (c) and (d)20). and is pernritted from COMP.Io{OMP under bridge So far, I have been recapitulatingand sonrewhatrevisingearlier work.
Now I want to turn to the main question of this paper,namely.(50): Where we find the configuration (a9) in some system of data, can we explain it on the assumption that the configuration resultsfrom wftn loveme nt .
In other words. docs the configuration (49) serveas a kind of diagnostic for q u i t e t e n t a t i v e l ya n d w i t h o u t e l a b. it r nay lr as bec n s ugges t ed. ora tion.in ea rlierwor k .
I now want t o inv es t igat eth e p l a u s i b i l i t yo l t h e c o n t e n t i o n. is to provide evidence that certain exarnpleswith the configuration (49) may in fact plausibly be understood as casesof wrhmovementThe strongeraim is to sug. gest thal lhis may be true in general.By the logic of the question,the stronger be accounted for by considering the contexts in which the wftmovement but this distinction will obviously follow from the rule of relativizaiion, is a raisingrule (cf. vergnaud, r974) or an interpretiverule.
In other is a condition on the w/rmovementrule itsetf. thouglreven if it were, caseof comparatives.It has been frequently noted (first, I believe,by David Vetter) somedialectsof English,there is direct evidencefor such a rule, as noted in John is taller than what Mary toltl us that Bilt is For such dialects,the comparativerule is virtually identical to the general Mary isnt the sameas I she wat live years ogo Mory isnt the same as IJohn believes that Bitt claimed thar os I I woruler f whether she wasfive years agoll ue similar constructions in which even the phrase t&e sarne does not appear, lllary is rather Iike John tfutught she was Iin colloquial EnglishJ Mary isnt as John believes that Bill claimed that she wasfive yearc ago The same rule will give (52*3).
TIre dialectsdiffer. then, in obligatorinessof w/rphrasedeletion ; asnoted. th is and relatedrulesare subjectto a variety of apparently According to this analysis the sentencesof (52){53) are regardedas analogous q u e s t i o n( 5 0 ) .
C o r r e s p o nd i n g l y.w e h a ve so m e e vi tl e n cetl r a t th e i sl a r r dco n sr r a r n r s o f ( 5 O i i i , i v ) c a n b e e x p l ai n e di n r e r n r so fg e n e r a l a n d q u i te r e a so n a b l e..co r n p u r a tional propertiesof formal grammar(i.e., subjacency.a property of cyclic rules that states,in effect, that transformatiopalruleshavea restricteddomain of potential application;sSC, which states that only rhe mosr prominent phrasein an (40;zt;.
If this conclusioncan be sustained,it will be a signiiicantresult,since anddifficult to explain on other grounds.22whether or not thesefurther consequences prove tenable,it seemsclear that a strong argument woulcl be requiredto muchelse), along with a second rule (comparativedeletion) that is extensionally identical(as a mapping) with the first over the subdomain of structuressuch as contrast with comparatives.tltere is no overt matrix phrase that can trigger and control the delction.
We can easily account for (523) by a wft.movementrule of the sort postulated for the dialects that permit (51).
The rule will give (54a), just as it gives(5ab) in the dialects that have an overt wftform in comparatives: Illary isnt (the same) as lwhat she waslive years agol Senlence(54b), for dialects that do not permit it, can be regardedas the structure It[ar1t isnt Llifferent than lwhat John believes lthat Bill claimed Exanrples(56c,d) are ruled out by subjacency,PIC, and SSC.
Under the analysis
Proceeding.we rrlay trcat as, than as prepositions,analogousto than in (56). as having final prepositionalphrasesof the form P NP, rather than beingderivedby d ele tiono f b c fro m ( 58) : it is correct,then all dialectstlrat pernrit (523) havea rule of wftmovementforming comparatives.Therefore.there is no need for a new rule of comparativedeletion. lf this is correct, we might propose further that there do not exist rulesof deletion over a variable.
Thus the cateSory of permissiblerules is reduced, always r welcome step.
Furthermore. we have some support for a positive answer to thc
Shearguesfurther that comparative subdeletion is a rule of deletion over a variable.
Let us put aside the secondcontention for the moment and ask whether there strongevidencethat comparativesfall under a rule that givescomparativesubdeletion as a specialcase.I am not convinced.In fact. [Jresnancites differences(hat leemto me significant(cf. pp. 589, particutarlynote l0). and tlrat raisea serious questionas to whether theserules are subcasesof a single process.A rule to provide thecasesof comparativesubdeletionis no doubt needed,in someform, but i ,.. no compellingreasonto supposethat a rule of comparativedeletion will fall out as a case.If not, then there is no reasonon thesegrountlsfor postulatinga rule of comparativedeletion. essentiallyduplicating the effects of the rule of wA.nrovementand wlphrasedeletion(independentlymotivated for (51), (S2),and far more of deletion over a variable meeting such contiitionsas (50iii, iv), and other argumentsthat she puts forth to show that island constraintscannot be explained in the termssugSestedhere.
I will return to thesequestionsbelow.
Note that theseconsidcrationsrelate to the query (50) and the broader aim sketchedabove,but they do not bearon the questionas to whether Englishhas a rule of comparativedeletionin Postal,wasow and others.
She then argues that crossoverpropertres are not a a deletion rule.
If she is correct, it would follow that the explanationfor crossover in Wasow (1912) and in another forrn in Chonrsky(1975b,c) is incorrect or at least incomplete. since it would seem that this explanationcould not be extended to deletion rules.
But if comparativesare formed by wftmovement,as zuggestedabove, it follows at once that they should have exactly the crossover cover the casesthat Bresnancites, with no changes.lt seemsto me fair to take this as an indirect but significant additional argumentin favor of the hypothesisthat comparalives are fornted by wftmovement.
The argument is, in this case,that under this hypothesis we retain a fairly general,and, I believe.rather convincingexplanation for crossoverphenomena.
Students is the understood subject of think in (a) and/un& in (b).
But in (a), rfter According to a wftmovenrentanalysis,the structure of (a) and (b) after wlrmovement will be approxinrately(6la), (6lb), respectively: more studentsfiunked than I whnnny ( sndents)l It thousht lthey The structures of (6 l) are analogousin relevant respectsto the direct questions how many lstudentsl [they tlrought (did they think) lt would flunkll seemsto me a very natural way, on the basisof fairly generalprinciples.lt remains to be determined whether all casesof crossoverin comparatives fall so readily I anr not arguing that a languagemighl not lrave two rules yielding a singlestruc ture such as conrparatives,but rather that a substantialargument must be Sivento nrotivate a second rule, particularly, when it is extensionallyequivalentto the first over a subdomain o[ the f irst.
Casesof double rules exist, it seems.Recall the Let us turn now to another example of a grammaticalprocessthat Sivesthc as for this book, I think you should read it Plainly in this case, there can be no transformational analysisin our terms since no transformationcan create the structure as for this book or even more complicatedphrasesthat can appearin this position.Suppose,then, that we postulatethe I informed the students that as far os this book is concerned, they would as for John, asfar as this book is concerned, he will delinitely have tcs
If such structuresare to be permitted, the rule of predicationwill have to be extendedin an obviousway.
Let us now return to topicalization.Supposethat the analysisis just like leftd i s l o c a t i o n , e x c e p t t h a ti n r h e TOPSstr u ctu r e ,si sa w l r cl a u se i n e ffe ct,a ki n d o f [F I rop this bookl [S I coup whatl ll asked Bill to get his students tltis book, I asked Bill to get his students to read what To form (63b) from (69) we use the obligatory rule of wftphrasedeletionalready it is this book that I asked Bill to read From the point of view of the semanticsas well as the syntax, the analogy seems interpreted by the predication rule that appliesin the caseof leftdislocationand I informed the students thot this book, they would delinitely hne to read
I seenrsto me that (73) is about on a par with the formally analogous(66).
It atsofollows that topicalizationshould havethe propertiesof (a9), as was illus Before we leave this topic, let us consider some further consequencesof the (73), it is irnpossiblewithin relativesor questions.Thus we cannot have(75) corre a. *to whont the books ditl John give away (ro whom did the books c. *the boy to whotn the books John gave away d. *the boy whom the books lohn gave away to The structureunder ly ing,e. g..( 75c , d) would on o u r a s s u m p t i o n b appfy to which in the embedded sentence,plaring it in the internalCOMP position and leaving a trace. lf the dominating S were within a r&alclauseinstead of a relativized NP. we would then derive(77): I believe that the books, John gave awa), to somefriends While (77) is not very elegant, it is surely far better than (75c,d), which would d erivefro m(76 )by s t ill anot her applic at ionofw&m o v e m e n tn, a m e l y t o ( t o ) w h o m , pla cin git in th e p os it ion of. t he higherCO M P.
The problem with (75) does not seenlto be just a surfacedifficulty;compare the sentences(7ti), which seenrrnuclt better than (75) and more or lesson a par with I believe that his friends, John gave some books away to We can explain the impossibility of the sentences(75) by essentiallythe same to the internal COMP is blocked, becausethe internal COMP is alreadyfrlled by tolhe highet COMP node is impossiblebecauseit would violateSSCand PIC (and, if S is a cyclic node, subjacency).Even if the already movedwhich could move by COMPCOMPmovement to the higher COMP, freeing the lower one. subsequent movementof (to) whom to the lower COMP would be excludedby strict cyclicity.
Sincethe traceleft by movementof which is (when replacedby a variable)taken to be satisfiedby the books under the predication rule. there is no possibleinterpre.
Thereis some reasonto supposethat S is indeeda cyclic node.Thus considerthe As it stands,(79) is on a par with (78).
But NPmovementcannot apply ro (79) to Theexplanationfor this fact could be that 5 is a cyclic node, so that the application of NPmovementto (79) would violate subjacency.Note that we cannot appealto On the assumptionthat S is cyclic, it follows that left.dislocationshouldalsobe in relatives,just as topicalizationis.
Thus (8 l) should be as bad as(75): the boy to whom, as lar as this book is concerned, John gave it away I want to lind a corporation to which,(as far as) my new invention (is concemed), I can offer (it) with a feeling of security that it will be cesare significantlydifferent in status,this may show that S is not a cyclic node, sinceon the assumptionthat it is not, (82) should be gramnraticalbut the correrpondingtopicalized form (with parenthesizcdphrasesdelcted) shoul<Jnot be.
I do not think that any conclusioncan rest on suchdata. as ftt this book, to whom should we give it are ruled out bySSC and PIC (i.e., extraction front wlrisland), asbelbre.(83b) is ruled out becauseit has a doubly filled COMP node under the wftnloverilent analysisof topicalization.
There is no barrier against(84b,c) however, sincethere is no wftnrovementin leftdislocation,just as I assumethat there is none in relativizationwhere a pJonoun appearsin the open sentence.To block (84a) we must assumeeither that S is cyclic or that TOP is not a bridge for COMPCOMP seemsquite reasonable.The proposal is that in the TOPIC position there is a basegeneratedstructure and that the associatedproposition, which is an open sentence except for some casesof leftdislocation,sayssomethingabout it.
There are in principle twowa ystoder iv eanopens ent enc e: by wlt m o v e m e n t ( a n d w l r p h r ads e l e t i o n ; but cf. note 25) or with an uninterpreted pronoun.
Both of the availableways are used.The first givestopicalization;the second,leftdislocationI do not want to suggestthat there are no remainingproblems.There arequite I will simply leavethe matter here.
As far as I can see,the wftmovementanalysisof topicalizalion is reasonably successful,has some explanatory power, and does not, to my knowledg,e.face difliculties that do not arisein a comparableform on other approaches.It also has the advantageofextending the frantework outlined to yet another classof cases.thus offering some further evidencein support of a positive Consider next cleft sentences.ln Chomsky (1974) I suggestedthat these be in the prediderived lrom a slructure in which the focussedphraseis basegenerated cate position of the matrix sentencerather than by a movementrule.
We can then take the associatedproposition to be formed by wftmovement,in conlormity with the analysis that we are now considering.
As has often been noted, topicalization Aclually. we can draw an even closer connection between topicalization and clefts by pursuing a slightly different path.
Supposethat we take the underlying Tlren any topicaliz.edsentencecan appear in (85) in rhe position of S.Thus along rppear in (85); the S within S must be subject ro lrftmovemenr.
Second, as in a number of other constructions,the coMP node cannot beconre terminally null Let us assumethat thesematters can be properly worked out.
Then we should the book is what l read; the book, I read: it was the book that I read this book is whot I asked Bill to read:this book.
I osked Bill to read: it was this book that I asked Bill to read John is who I want Bill to tell Mary to meet2g; John, I want Bill to tell Mary to meet: it is John that (who) I want Bill to tell Mary to meet in England is where I told Bill that I want to live; in lingland, I told Bill rhat I want to live; it wos it l;ngland that I told Bill that I where he went to school is what I wish you would ask him to emphasize in his application: where he went to school, I wish you would ask him to emphasize in his application; it is where he went to school thut I wish you would ask him to emphasize in his application pea green is what he painted his boat; pea green, he painted his boat; (88) NPri S ; tSTop 51, ir ri tsTop Sl In eachcase,wftmovementmust take place within S. once would not expect the to be exact, since the surfacerulesof interpretationfor the three structures,though similar, s€em to be sonrewhat different. lt seemsto me a reasonable differencesthere may be among the three structures. of course, this hypothesis There are other examplesof clefts that cannot be analyzed in this way, however; its only when it rains that we hwe to sweep the court it was only reluctantly that he agreed to swim at all Note that in thesecaseswe do not haveparallelstructuresof the sort illustratedin (e0) a. only when it rains we hoveto sweepthe courtt0 we have in effect two sourcesfor clefts but no separaterules:furthermore.we need Most inrportantly. it is a vast and otherwise(to my knowledge)unnrotivatedextension of the power of transformationsto permit them to be structurebuildingin from another sourceunder the tworule analysis.This point is similar to Doughertys Following this analysis, we would expect clefts that derive from preposing to preposed constituent is naturally construed with the matrix rather than either embedded clause and presumably is extracted from the matrix clause,so in (92) we out of spite, I asked the students to refuse to hand in their assignments only reluctantly tlitl I order the stud.entsto refuse to hand in their only under highly unusual circumstances do I ask students to refuse it was out of spite that I asked the students to refuse to hand in it was only reluctantly that I ordered the students to refuse to hand it is only under highly unusual circumstances that I ask students to ln contrast, clefts that derive from topicalization,henceultimately from wftmoveas in (87be).
This difference of behavior is a consequenceof the proposed analysis,and provides another reason A direct prediction of this analysisis that zuch pairs as (93a,b) should have the only rarely are the students believed to hne handed in their it is only rarely that the students are believed to have handed in their I anr not sure that this is correct. lt seemsto me that (b) nray permit construalwith the most deeply embedded clause more readily than (a), but my judgments are quiteinsecure.lfthere is a systematicdistinction,contrary to the data of (91), (92), then either the analysisis incorrect or there is still another sourcefor clefts or
(more plausibly, in my opinion) such distinctionsas there may be are to be attributedto the rulesof interpretationfor cleft and preposing.
Again there are unsolved problems,but it seemsto me that it is reasonableto explainthe classof cleft sentencesthat have the properties(49) (e.g.,(87) but not (89); cf. (92)) in terms of a rule of wftmovement.If the proposalprovestenable, I wonder lwho lohn believed lthat Mory would claim [that Bill I wonder [who lohn believed [the claim lthat Bill woutd visitlll As is well known, in the contextsof (95) there can be no lexicalNp: We might stipulatethat in the baserules,NP is requiredto be r(x) (i.e., to be Np with variableindex, not further specifiedlexically).our element PRO, in the context(96): In this context, the value of x of t(r) is detemrinedby a rule of control or Np, is
SSC;in contrast, SSC is inapplicablein the complement of wanr.rype verbs(cf. civen the stipulation(96), we can add infinitival indirect questionsto our list of I wonder lwho to orders2 Mary [ to promise [ro ursir] I I I wonder I who to persuade Mary | thot she should promise wonderll to whonll to give t Zr1 | (cf.: I wonder (dont rememher) [what to give t to whoml: I wonder I to whom to give what tl) (98) a.
I foundo book llwhichlorl you to readtl Ifounda bookfor I fourul a man fl to whom for] PRO to give the book t | * I found a specifying the surface form of the elements in COMP.
Thus in a finite relative corresponding to (98a) we may delete either $hich ot the complenrentizetthat,giving eith er(9 9a ) o r (9 9b) ; or we c an delet ebot h, obt ain i n g( 9 9 a ) : But in the infinitival relative, the rule (47) deleting whis obligatory, as in other (IQQ) I found a man to whom you con give the book(*l fountl a man that you Thus in (98b) the complementizer/or must delete,as r&ar must deletein (100); we have already remarked that there are rules deleting/or before to (recall that PRO is A further difference between finite and infinitival relativesis that the latter cannot have a lexical NP subject when the complementizeris deleted.Thus we have I fourul a man fito whoml you to give the bookl recalls the property of indirect questions captured in (96).
Perhaps in place of the base rule (96) we should impose a surface condition excluding But the position marked by t2 in (c) slrould,on our assumptions,be accessible to interpretive rules, for which the subjacencyprinciple does not hold.
Thus in (103a),the rule of disjoint reference(2c) applies,compellinghim to be distinct in referencefrom John; Similarly, (103b) should be subject to reciprocalinlerprelation under (2.).35 On the assumptionswe are investigating,bound anaphora(rule (2b)) may also apply in the position of the anaphor(him, eachother,t2) in(103), giving,e.g.,(lM), which becomes(105) by EQUI (cf. note 4 and references (lM) John found [rq, a book lslwhich forl himself to read t l] w/rphrase] NP to VP, where NP is lexical or trace( f PRO) relatives(cf.(98),(99)).
One might try to generalize( 102) ro includeother phenomena, e.9., the obligatory PRO in infinitival complements of persuadepromisetype the surface filters that exclude &rto structures, and the rules governing thatdeletion.
I will not pursue thesequestionshere,however.Cf.
Chomsky and Lasnik, The suggestedanalysis for infinitival relativesseemsto rne reasonablysatisfactory. though the status of (102) remainsopen along with other questions.Under this analysis,the rule of wftmovementextends to all relativesand to both direct Johnfound Islp a book 13 whichfor lhim to read tll I found a book for you to amtnge for Mary to tell Bill to give t to Tom I found a book for you to insist that Bill should read t I found a book for you to insist that Biil tell Mary that Tom should found a book for you to insist on the principle that Tom should movement rule, which permits certain apparent violationsof PlC,3? is lessreadily availablein the caseof infinitival relatives.38I do not know why this should be so. and am unsureof the judgements.But if( l06d) is not acceptablethen we really have no argument that the CNPC is in force in (106e), sincea demonstrationthat CNPC is operativerequiresthat analogouscasesof comparablecomplexity with S in placeof NP be grammatical.The samequestionseems Again, it seemsto me plausibleto extend the rule of wftmovementto infinitival Let us now turn to infinitival complements within the category of adjective phrases39Consider lirst structuresof the form (107), where I assumethat S is a Note that although we would normally take him in ( 107) to refer to John, it is not clear that this is necessary,and, in fact, we have such sentencesas(108)inwhich, with the parenthesized material deleted, the complement of enough contains no (l lO) John is tall [enough I s[who for us to see tJl John is poor enough for us to give present to l:,xa rrrple s(lll) a nd( l l2) ar e analogousr,es pec t i v e l yt,o ( l l 3 ) , ( l Note th at (ll4) ( der iv ed by EQ UI , c f. ( 105) ) is g r a m n r a t i c a b is infinitival, but. as in the caseof TOPIC (and in some languages, be either a full sentcncewitlr a preferencefor interpretationas an open s€ntencc, or a w/rdcrived scntencc witlr a frcc variable in the ptrsitionnrarked by trace, wlriclr rnu sl b e in t c r pr c t e( las an opc n s c nt enc c lf John is tall enough for us to anange for Bilt to see t John is famous enough for us to anange for the committee to the iob is prestigious enough for us to anange for the committee the iob is prestigious enough for us to anonge for the committee John is tall enough for us to insist that John (shoulel) pick t (ii) John is famous enoughfor us t() insistthat you (shoukl)visit t (iii) the iob ls important enough for us to insist thot they (shoutd) (iv\ the job is important enough for us to insist that the! (shoutd) (l 13) I founcl o pernn for us to give presentsto (l14) I found a perxtn lo wlnm to give presents the iob is prestigious enough for us to offer t to John the job is prestigious enough for us to advertise t
The w/rphrase in (ll0) deletes obligatorily, as in comparativesand topicalization.
Thu s we can ha v e( l I l) but not ( l l2) : prlinfinitivalswith the propertiesof (a9), except for the obligatorydeletion of the alreadynoted; thesestructures,then, combine the propertiesof topicalization and those of infinitival relativizarion.Thus we have( I I 5) analogousto ( 106): John is tall enough for us to be able to see Bill (by standing on hit Johtt is slow enough for us to win the roce(against him(= John)S the car is fast enough for us to win the race(driving it (= the car)\ It seenrsthat (107) can be interpreted as analogousto (108), with the referenceof him free.
If so, then structures such as (107) have essentiallythe properties of leftdislocation,as describedabove;that is, we havea focusedNP and a propositionthat we would normally take to be about this NP, the natural (though not necessary) method being to apply the rule of predicationthat takesthe complementto contain an open proposition satisfiedby the referentof the NP, the pronoun taken as a frce variable.Assunringthat this is the right tack, we may conclude that the baserules Alongsideof ( 107) we also have( 109). which I assumero derivefrom ( I l0): the iob is important enough for us to order them to insist that the job is important enough for us to onler them to insist that iob is importont enough for us to insist on the principle ieh good erutuglt for us tct olfer tl to ,2 (elc. as T h e r e i s n o q u e s t i o n tl r a t ( e ) a n d ( f) a r e cxcl u d e d ,a s i n ( 1 0 6 ) .
N o te th a r i n a l l cases,there is an alternative form, with a pronoun in place of t (the analogueol h a v cd i s c t l s s e ttll l c a n al o g o u s( ) l ) scr vr l i o l ri n co n n e cti o trw i r l r i r r fi r r i ti varlcl a ti vcs.
T h a t l s , ( l f f i c , t l ) a r c a l so d u b i o u s o r sta r r cd.Th c ( c a r r r ld ) cl scso l ( I l 5 ) sccl r t( ) me still worsc than tlrose of (106), wlrictr may pcrhapshc artrllrutcd to the lact that in the caseof ( | l5), but not ( 106), therc is an alternativelirrnr, narnely,witlr a the intersection of properties of inlinitival relatives(since wlrmovement is involved) and topicalization (since there is a parallel form without w/rmovement).
Before we leave this topic, let us considerfurther the relevantcasesof the wiislandconstraint.Considerthe sentences( I l6), ( I I 7): rhe iob was good enough Vor us to offer it to lohnl who was the iob good enough [for us to offer it to tl to whom was the iob good enough ffor us to offer it tl the job was good enough l(which) for us to offer t to lohnl who, was the job good enough l(which for us to offer t to t lto whom 2l was the iob good enough [ (which r) for us to offer t, t 2l On the assumptionsof our analysis,the examplesof (l l6) should all be grammatical (subject to dialect differenceswith regard to prepositionstranding).Similarly, (l l7a).
But (l l7b,c) should be ruled out by the wftislandconstraint(ultimately, subjacencyand SSC).
I think that these conclusionsare correct.
Problems arise. however, when we try to question the direct rather than the indirect object in such casesa s ( | l6).
Com par e( l l8) , ( l l9) : John wasfamous enough [for us to offer the iob to himl what job was John famous enough lfor us to offer t to himl John was fomous enough l(who)for us to olfer the iob to tl wlut2 iob wasJohn famous enough l(whol) for us to offer t I will not try to survey the argumentshere.
Rather, let us take a freshlook within I will assumethat the phrase/or us in (l2l) is, as indicated.generatedin the and Brame (1975).
If so, then accordingto ourpresent assumptions,the underlying structure must contain an embedded S as complement to easy, with an obligatory some similar structures lhe forphrase appears in both the matrix and embedded it is a waste of time for us lfor them to teach us Latinl it is pleasant lor the rich lfor the poor to do the hard workl And there are. of course,adjectivalcomplementsof various sorts that exhibit the the house is reody [for John to buy (it )l lhosein ( I 22). ( I 23), we may take the underlying structure for ( | 2 I ) to be essentially (124), though nothing much depends on the choice of complementizer, it seems: (124) X is easy (for us) IS fo, PRO to please Y I As expected,(119b) is ungrammatical.But (l l8b) ought to be grammatical,under our assurnptions.lt does not seem to be, however.The status of (l l6b,c) is also unclear.
One can imaginea formulation of bridge conditionsthat would rule out all of these examples. or assignthem a marginal status, analogousto (42).
Other conrplenrentsof adjective qualifiers.as in (120), have aboul the same propertiesas the cornplementsof enough, so far as I can see,so I will havenothing The complementizerfor wrll then delete before lo, as in casesdiscussedabove,e.g., (126) John is easy(for uil [S I who for] PRO ro pleasetl Ali is too good [(who) for Bill to anange for John to fight t I The final caseI would like to consider is that of the infinitival complementso[ ou t by Sterb a (1 97 2) , Las nik and Fiengo ( 1974) , a n d B a c ha n d H o r n ( 1 9 7 6 ) .
Wi t h regardto such structuresas( I 2 I ) tlrere havebeen two widely studied proposals: One propoul assunresthat the subject,John, is moved from the object position in assumesthat the subject is generatedin place and that a rule of objectdeletion(or he is the man who John wants most of all (for) to win
Assumingthis much, we now face the question:what areX andY in (124)? is in part correct: that is.
X = John the subjectis generatedin placebut there is a movementrule applying to I, namely, whmovement.43Thus we may take the s t r u c t u r ed i r e c t l y u n d e r l yi n g( l 2 l ) to b e ( l 2 6 ) : In (126), wftmovementhas applied on the inner cycle and we have obligatory deletionof the wftphrase,as in other casesalready discussed.We are left. then, with an open embeddedproposition; the now familiar predication rule will correctly We then expect to have, again,the properties(49), as in the infinitival relatives John is easy (for us) to convince Bill to do businesswith t John is easy (for us) to convince Bill to anange for Mary to meet t John is easy(for us) to convinceBill that he shouldmeet t John is easy(for us) to convinceBill to tell Mary that Tom John is easy (for us) to convince Bill of the need for him to meet *John is easy (for us) to describe to Bill o plon to assassinatet fun (for us) l(who1 ) to give t2 to t 1 I (from a source like: John is fun (for us) to give presentsto fun (for us) [(which 1) to give t 1to t2l (compare: the presents are fun (for us) to give to him 2 are the presentsfun (for us) | ( which I to give t1 t 2l. (compare: the presentsare fun (for us) to give to him) ln short, the basic properties of eosytopleoseconstructions follow directly from have analogous forms in which the wftphrase may directly appear.Thus tollowing our analysis,(l2l) is analogousto (128), and in such cases,we may have the full this is an easy violin on which to play sonatas Whatever the correct analysis of these strucutres may be, it seemsclear that they Our analysis simply assumesthat the same is true quite generally of easycomplements.
In the case of (130), the structuresare embedded(presumably,in some manner, as relatives)within an NP with a head;in the caseof ( I 2l ), there is no NP antecedent and the structure must be interpreted as an open sentence,as in topicalization and other examples discussedabove.
Thus wftdeletion is obligatory, as in the other casesdiscussed,and fornrs analogousto ( I 30) do not appearin the e4sl. topleasestructures.just as we do not have( I I 2), etc.
It shoufd follow that in general, easytopleaseconstructions have the relevant Lasnik and Fiengo(1974) note such parallelsas( I 3 I )fs John is dumb enough to sell the Brooklyn Bridge to fohn is easy (for us) to sell the Brooklyn Bidge to *John is easy (for us) to sell the Brooklyn Bridge Notice that the cases(I 27f) arc exactly analogousto other examplesof wfiisland who, is John more friendly to Mary than [(what, ) he is t I to t2l In all of thesecases.the sentencesare ruled out on the assumptionthat wftrnovement has taken place, by the wlisland constraint,which, as noted, fr:llows fronr a residual wftphrase indicating that w/rmovement has taken place; in the caseof There is a wellknown puzzle concerning application of w&movement to the Considerfirst (b).
The phrase sonatasappearsto be in a position susceptibleto wlrmovement;compare( 134): But in ( I 33b), wlr.movementis impossible.We cannot have( | 35): this violin is easy to phy onare in your book We now have an explanation for this fact.
In terms of our analysis,sonatasin (133b) is within a w&island,just as 12 is within a w&islandin the topicalization end comparativesof (132), The structure to which wimovement must apply to (136) tlrfs violin is easy Is(which) forPRO to play sonatason tl But somtas in (136) is not subjectto wftmovementbecauseof SSC,as in the cases earlier.Consequently,the examplesof (135) are ruleclout.
While superlicially( l33b) is analogousto ( l34a), in the mental computation underlying( l33b) thereis, we now aisume, a wftphraseblocking the application of w&movement. the violins that the sonotosare easy to play onare being repaired Many speakersfind these acceptable,in contrast to (135), which are universally rcjected.
By our analysis, the underlying structure for (133a) is (138), which (138) t e sonata is easy |,(which) for PRO to play t on this viotinl why, then, should the examples (137) have a different status,for some speakers, Notice that in other contexts, the embeddedSs of ( l 36), ( I 38) are,as expected, both immune to rvl,.movement.Consider (l39a,b), with the sameembeddedsentcncesas ( | 36), ( I 38), respectively: you found a violin lg (which) for PRO ro ploy sonatason tf you found a sonato lr(which) for PRO to play t on this violinl ( la0) a. twhat sonata did you find a violin to play on b. twhot violin did you find a sonata to play on E xamp le (la0 a) is a nalogoust o( 135) ; ex am ple( 140 b ) i s a n a l o g o u s t o ( 1 3 7 ) .
C o m paring these cases,we see that it is the acceptabilityof (137) ([or some speakers) A possible explanation is that there is another structure underlying (133a), name ly,(l4 l), wh er e t hePPon t his v iolin is as s oc i a t e d w i t h t h e V P r a t h e r t h a n t h e the sonata is Iap easy ls (which) for PRO ro play tll on this violin lf (l4l) is taken to underlie (133a), under one option, then (137) will be derivable by wlrmovement.
No such alternative analysis is possible in the case of (133b), lf this is the correct explanation,then we should find that in forms analogousto ( l33a) but where the PP is not separablefrom the embeddedverb, forms analogous t o (13 7) sh ou ld b e on a par wit h ( 135) r at her t han ( l 3 D! 6 C o m p a r e( l a 2 \ , Q 3 ) : U42) thebookis easyIrfor PRo to put t on the tablel it is o waste of time for us [for them to teach us Latinl In Chomsky (1973) the distinction was explained in terms of conditions on rule application, but that approach is ruled out in the present analysis.The correct ex pla na tion for th e ungr am nr at ic alit yof ( 144b) , I t h i n k , I i e si n a b a s ec o n d i t i o n.I n tlre underlying structure (145), the zubject of the enrbeddedinfinitival must be PRO, as in the persuadepromise cascsand others that we have discussed: The conditions on NP and Predicatein (145) must be specifiedin the base.Note that where NP is a dummy element it (however this is introduced), there is no constrainton ; cf. (122).
The restriction to PRO appliesonly when the matrix NP subjectis lexically specified.Furthermore,in suchexamplesas( l23a,b), wherew/rmovementis excluded in the embeddedclause,there is also no constrainton in (145).Thus we seemto haveeither the basecondition ( l46a) or ( la6b): in ( 145), is PRO if S is subjectto r.t//r.movement in ( I a5), is PRO if S is obligatorily subject to w/rmovement. 0f these two conditions, ( I zt6a) is preferable, if it is tenable; it is more generaland can, I believe, be reformulated so as to fall together with other caseswith obligatory PRO subject under generalizationsrelating ft and choice of complementizer.It The argument that the/orphrase in ( | 23c) is within the complement offered by Bachand Horn(1976) doesnot seemto me entirely compelling.They note that the
/orpfuaseis not preposablein (147), though it normally is when part of the matrix.
Thuswe have( I 48) bu t not ( I 49) : for the rich, it is pleasant for the poor to do the hard work But this argument seems inconclusive, since even in the case of (la9), where for loftnis surely a PP of the matrix, it is not preposable,for some reason: (150) *for John, the house is ready (ct. for John, the problem was easy) that ( I 5 l), ( I 52) are acceptable: the tahle that the book is easy to put on I t se emsto me tha t t he pr edic t ion holds ; t hat is , t h e e x a m p l e s ( 1 4 3 )a r e e x c l u d e d , in contrast to ( | 37).
The question deservesfuller investigation,but in a largeclass of rather puzzling casesit seems that we have an explanation for the facts in terms of a wftmovement analysis, given the framework o[ conditions and rules outlined the moussaka is ready and Mike says that the egglemon soup is almost (152) the kidney pie k ready for us to put in the oven, and the slad for Asuming that the /orphrasesin edslstructuresare in the matrix, a point that they donot contest, the strengthof these argumentsdepends on the distinction between ( l 5 l ) , ( l s 2 ) a n d ( 1 5 3 ) ,( | 5 4 ) : (153) young children arc quite diflicult, ond Bill soysthat older children are (154\ the young children are difficult for Bill to control, and the older chil<]ren I am not convincedthat there is any relevantdifference.Consequently,it is possible that the forphraseassociatedwith reody is also in the matrix sentencewhere the complement is subject to wlrmovement, contrary to ( I 23c). lf so, then ( l46a) may Whichever case of (145) holds, (144b) is ruled ungtammaticalon the grounds that it requires a base form not Seneratedby baserules (or a corresponding surface Notice that if the subject NP of the complement in (145) is PRO, then it can never be assignedwhor moved by wftmovement.
Thus it follows that the rule applying to easytoplea.restructures is limited to an NP in the embedded predicate.
Consideragainthe form ( I 26), repeatedhere as( I 55), underlying( I 2 l): Suppose that w/rmovement were to apply to ( 155), as in the COMP{OMP caseof ( 156) wlro is John easy (for us) to please Plainly (156) is ungrammatical.
We might account for this fact by ruleordering, i.e., requiring that the obligatory deletion of who preced wftmovementon the matrix cycle.
But there is in fact a simpler approach that requires no such stiputation.
Thus note that the resulting structure correspondingto (156) is(157), after interpretation of the w/rquantifier,in contrastto ( 158), underlying( l2l): for which x, x a person, John is eosy (for us) lfor PRO ro please xl John is easy (for usl [/or PRO to please xl We have assumedthat (158) is interpreted by the generalrule of predicationdes cribed for topicalization and other forms, with an open proposition taken to be satisfied by the referent of the focused NP, in this case,the matrix subject.
But the rule of predication is inapplicableto (157), since there is no open proposition:the.rr variablex is bound in (157) by the quantifier for which x.
Thus the sentenceis unintcrprclilble,just as John is casy to pleaseBill is uninterpretablc.This scems a natural way to account for the ungranrmaticalityof ( 156).
Some might object that (156) must be excluded as ungrammaticalon syntactic whereas speakerscan make judgments of acceptability,they have no direct access to the grounds of thesejudgments.
Thus I have no intuitive insightinto the source as syntactic, semantic, etc., can the objection be sustained.It seemsto me that Suppose that in fact convincing arguments can be given that in (123c) the forphrase is ernbedded even where wftmovement takes place in the embeddedclause, so that we have the underlying structure(159), where either subjector object of the (160) the house is ready [(which) for John to buyl
Application of subsequentwlrmovement to an NP in the position of John is impossiblefor familiar reasons.
Suppose that we apply w/rmovement to the embedded subject of a structure the house is ready flwhich for I t to fall downl With obligatory deletion of which followed by /ordeletion before to, we derive lf, in contrast, applicability of wlr.movementto the embeddedclauseis taken to by EQUI, just as ( I 65) derivesfrom ( I 64): {163) the house is ready [for itself to fall downl that we do derive( I6l), considerthe effect of applyingthe COMPCOMP But this is ungrammaticalon the samegrounds that rule out (156).
Thus nothing much seemsto depend on where the/orphraseappearsin (123c), apart from the Other structuressimilar to ( l2l ) are rnuch more restrictedin scope,e.g.,( 167): ln this case,we do not lravethe full rangeof propertics(49).
Tlrus there is no forrn (168) Mary is pretty to tell Bill to look at Furthermore,in such structuresas (167) there are very narrow restrictionson the choiceof the matrix adjectiveand embeddedverb.We may proposethe samearralysisas in the easytopleas€ the adjectivesin question.
Note that there are structures such as (169), but in this casethe embedded complement is not associatedwith the adjective but with the (169) Mory is too pretty to expect anyone to look at (her) As has fong been known, structures of tlte easytopleasetype do not appear as Various explanationshave been proposed,relying on particularanalysesof movement or deletion in the easy cases.Under the assumptionsof EST, including the lexicalisthypothesis,the distinction between( l70a) and ( l70b) must be formulable without reference to ordering of transformations and the like, on the assumption that eagerness,difficulty, etc., are drawn from the lexicon.4T On our assumptions, the NPs of ( I 70) have the underlying structures( I 7l a,b), respectively: I pp.Iolrrs lp eagerness [g for himself to pleaselll INp lohns [; difficulty ls (who)for PRO to pleaset lll The forrn ( l7 la) is analogousin structure to nouns with sententialcomplements,as In contrast.( I 7 I b) has tlre formal structureof a relative,as in ( I 73): But the rule of interpretation for relativesplainly cannot apply in ( I 7 I b), any more More precisely, if the rule of relative interpretation were to apply in thesecases,it would take tlre relativeto hold of the head,as in ( I75): Cf. the d iscussio no f r elat iv iz at ionabov e.
This int er p r e t a t i o n i s s e n s e l e s s i n ( l 7 l b ) ; this is the explanation for the absence of derived nominals corresponding to thc fornrs of (170b).
We might proceed further, in terms of the Xbar system,to assign to relative interpretation), a different position in the hierarchy than relatives.Cf. conrparative deletion, topicalization, clefting, objectdeletionand tough movement. rules for adjectiveand adjectivequalifier of the general rule of w&movenrentthat also yields direct and indircct questions apparatusfor the description of English; but more important, we can drastically limit the classof possiblerules.
Sonre curious and otherwise unexplained phenomena fall into place quite naturally, under this simplification of grammatical theory and noted) in a wide rangeof cases,fall together natura_lly,as a consequenceof independent and, I think, rather natural conditions on rules: the subjacency condition, selectsa most prominent NP in an embeddedcyclic categorythat is aloneaccessible to rulesif it is present;and PlC, which immunizesa certaincateg,oryof propositions from rule application, subject to the languaBespecilicproviso that permitsCOMPCOMPmovement over a bridge.
Each of theseconditionsmay be thought of asa limitation on the scope of the processesof mental computation that ultimately This discussion provides evidence in support of a positive answer to the query (50), and specifically,to the thesisthat rhe phenomenathat fall under CNPC and rules.But the evidencedoes not (and could not) suffice to establishthe thesis,even if everything suggestedhere proves to be correct.
This is, it remainsan open possibility that some of the phenomenathat fall under theseconstraintsmust be explainedin other terms.Beforeturning to this question,l want to considerthe effects In our formulation of the basic conditions on rules, the notion cyclic nqde playsa crucial role.
The cyclic nodeswere taken to be NP and S (and perhapsS) in the foregoing discussion.Suppose that we were to add S to the category of cyclic nodes.A slight reformulation of PIC is then required, bur it is otherwise unaffected.
Considerthe effect on SSC.
Given a structure of the form (176), no rule can now involveX and Y if S containsa subjectnot containing )/ and not controlledby
(1 7 6.). .
X... [ s... /... 1... x.. .
Supposein particular that X is NP.
Then a rule zuch as wftmovement, extracting rn NP to the COMP position X outside of S, can apply to X only if / is the subject outsideof S, on this interpretationof SSC.It is well known that in many languages only subjects are accessibleto many rules.
Cf.
Ross (1972); Keenan and Comrie (1973).Perhapsthis fact can be explainedby a modification of SSC for such languages Note that if sucha languagealsohasCOMPIoCOMPmovement,the effect will be that only the subjectof a subjectsentencewill The effect of incorporatingS among the cyclic nodesis ntore farreachingin the caseof zubjacency.It now follows that in a structure of the form (177), whmovementcannot extract Y to COMP: (t77) [ 5COMPI s... [r.rp.. .
Y... ]... 1I supportof the latter alternative(or I 82b)) are such structuresas( | 84): ln particular. it follows that wrrmovement cannot extract anythlng from the subjcct of a sentence.Since the earllest work on transformational gramntar, it has been ctear that wlrnrovement must somehow be restricted in this fashionE.g., it is noted in Chomsky(1955) that the rule of wftmovementmust be preventedfrom applying to ( I 78), to give ( I 79) : (184) I told Mdry that of the sndents in the class,several will fail (179) *whom did [your interest inl seem to me rather strunge In the earliest work, it was assumedthat the structural description of the rule must be designed to exclude this possibility.
Later, generalconditions were proposed on the functioning of rules, e.g., the Subject Condition of Chomsky (1973)10 The Subject Condition follows at once from subjacency, when S is taken to be a cyclic Of course, it follows as well that wfrmovement cannot extract a phrase from a ( 180) wlro did you see I a picture of tl But the sentence(180) is grammatical.lt was for this reasonthat subjacencywas not extended to include S in Chonrsky (1,973\.We return to this problem directly.
Let us assunrethat it can be overcome and that subjacencyis correclly formulated As a consequenceof this decision, we now have the generalproperty ( I 8 l): ln the structure (177), Y cannot be extracted from S; in particular,wlt lf the general approach sketched earlier proves tenable, then perhapsthe special caseo f(18 0) is th e only c as e.
Notice that nothing preventsextraction of )/ outside of NP within S, in (177) Thus there is now no barrier againstthe rulesindicatedin ( 182): [5 COMP [s [Np , review \lwas published lof Bill\ Uook\ ll [r COMP lt lof the students in the clossl, lpp seueralt yl failed Whether (182b) is the correcl surface structure may be questioned.Note that extraction of PP as in ( | 82b) is incornpatiblewith wftntovement: (183) a. *of the students in the class,which exam did severalfail *which exam, of the students in the class, did severalfail *l dont know which exam, of the students in the class,several The irnpossibility of (183a) follows directly from the suggestedanalysis,but not that o[ (l83b,c).
These examples suggest that the PP is extraposed to coMP, contradicting our assumption, or perhaps that the PP is adjoined to S, creating a new Scategory in the usual way, so that subjacency blocks wlrmovement.
In Let us supposetentatively that (182b) is correct in essence,assumingthat the from the zubject,as in ( 182), contradictsthe SubjectCondition of Chomsky (1973), as noted by Postal(l97 a).
But it is compatiblewith the reformulationof this condition in terms of subjacency,which of coursehas the addedadvantageof eliminatinga rather ad hoc condition.
Let us tentativelyassume,then, that the Subject Condition is dropped in favor of subjacencyasjust amended.Cf. note 50.
A different approach to these questions is suggestedby Bach and Hom (forthcoming).They propose a generalconstraint that they formulate as follows: (185) The NP Constraint.
No constituent which is dominated by NP can be moved or deleted from that NP by a transformational rule [apart from The NP Constraint differs in its empirical consequencesfrom the modified subjacencycondition in that it excludesall movementfrom NP, whereasthe subjacency condition excludesonly those movement rules that extract an element frorn S as T h e N P C o n s t r a i n t i s i m m e d i a te l yfa l si fi e d b ysu ch e xa n r p l e sa s( 1 8 2 ).5In if the foregoinganalysisis correct, the apparentgeneralityof (185) is illusory: rhe only rule subject to it is wlrmovement, which is also the only rule extracting a constituentdominated by NP from S as well as NP.
All other extraction rules. it soemswithout exception, apply freely to subparts of NPs, as do all interpretive rules(subject to SSC, of course,as in *we read [Bills storiesabout eachother] , they read [Bills storiesabout them]  with coreferenceof they, them)!3 The uniquestatusof wftmovementfrom NPs is exactly what is capturedby the analysis in terms of subjacency,since only this rule extractsa phrasenot only from NP but
Let us now turn to the remaining problem, namely, wftmovement from non. nrbject NPs, as in (180).
Bach and Horn argue. very plausibly I believe, that the interrogative( 186) derives from ( 187), with the structure as indicated. rather than fact that we can have such sentencesas(189) and by the unambiguousinterpreta.
John destroyed lhis first 5 books about Nixonl, in 1965 John wrote [his first 5 books about Nixonl, in /,965 ing (l9l), b ut we c annot f or m ( 193) f r om ( 192) : Suppose that we follow Bach and Horn in assumingthat when w/rmovementhas taken place in nonsubject position, it has not extracted from inside an NP but rather fronr a PP that is not dominated by NP, but directly by VP, as in ( | 87).
This eliminates the remahing probtem in the formulation of subjacencysuggestedabove.
It remains to determine how structures of the form (194), which are subject to
Bach and Horn assume that all of these are basegenerated. ible in the special caseof (187), where wehave the correspondingpronominal form (189a), but not, I believe,in many other cases,e.g.,(180) or many such casesas But in these caseswe can question the NP in the PP.Thus the propertiesthat Bach seemsto me plausibleonly in such casesas (187), where write a book is treated virtually as a verb, and in fact possessivedeternrinersare impossible;seebelow; also Departing now from Bach and Horns analysis,suppose that we postulate a rule of extraposition from NP to give (198) from (197), perhapsrelatedto the familiar rule (cf. (21)), though more likely, a kind of readjustmentruIe. (198) he saw [ *r a picture t] [pp oflohnl The conditions on the choice of the matrix verb are obscure; thus the rule can apply to see, find, but not destoy; There appears to be some vacillation and But their analysisdoesnot extendto case(203) (see find, etc.),wherewftmovemcntis possiblefrom the PP, but we do havepossessive but in fact the problem is considerably more general,as we have seen.The problems all seem to be overcome in a natural way along the lines just sketched,with ess€ntial reliance on SSC and the modified version of subjacency.
There seemsto be some reason, then, to take S to be a cyclic node for the defini tion of subjacency(and for some languages,perhaps,SSC as well).
The basic insight of Bach and Horn makes it possible to overcome what seemedto be a fundamental clear that S nrust be taken as a cyclic node for subjacency.The questionhas consequences with regard to preposinS rules and other matters.
Furthermore, the standard argument for the relative rather than absolute interpretation of the A/A leaving open the possibility that this principle can be interpreteddifferently.
Cf.
Kayne (1975) ior some ramifications.Cf. also note 54.
I will have to leavethesc I will conclude this discussion with some remarks about the adequacy of the general thesis (50): specifically, can we appeal to wftmovement and the conditions assumedfor a generalexplanation of CNPC and wftisland constraints?Do these and similar phenomena appear outside of the domain of rules of construal in the sens€ suggested(including movement rules, under the trace theory).
I cannot hope to review the substantial literature on this question here, but will consider a few cases.
Some examples in the literature allegedlyillustrating conditions on rules may have been wrongly analyzed.
For example, I havejust been arguing that the analysis To take another example,it is arguedin Chomsky ( 1973) that (210b) is blocked by SSC applying to tlre rule associatingno t, many, givingessentiallythe meaningfew: twe didnt seeJohns pictures of many of the children ( on the relevant interpretation) we didnt helieve that Bill had seen plctures of many of the children It seenrsthat in this casenot can be associatedwith rnany,violatingSSC and PIC if the rule is a rule of construal.
In our present framework, there is no reasonto sup.
Perhapswhat blocks (2 | 0) is not SSC but rather a prohibition againstassociating not and many when the latter is within a specific NP, whether definite or specific we didnt see the picturcs of many of the children we didnt see certain pictures of many of the children then, the problem with (210b) is simply that the possessive
Thus what appearedto be a caseofSSC fails under a different principle.
Analogous queslions arise in the case of the quantifrer any, often held to be (213b) is preventedby CNPC from having scopeoutside of NP, as comparedwith *l dfulnl see the man onyone is monied to at the meeting However,a further look suggeststhat specificityof the NP, not CNPC, nray be what The casesdiffer just as (210){212) do.
One may interpret(214a) with wide scope for ony,as for example, in despairafter a searchfor certain missing pageshas failed, Some discussionspurporting to show that islandconstraintshold without movement seem to me to be basedon rather questionabledata.
For example,Bresnan (1975) arguesthat CNIt applies in nonmovement rules on the grounds of such As she notes, we must exclude the interpretation as echo questions.We can do t h i s ,f o r e x a m p l e ,b y e m be d d i n g( 2 1 5 ) , a s i n ( 2 1 6 ) : b. who was arguing about a plan to buy what
To demonstratethat CNPC holds in these cases,where there is plainly no movem e n tr u l e a p p l y i n g ,w e m u st a r g u eth a t( 2 1 6 b ) i s sta r r e db u t n o t ( 2 1 6 a ) .
I do not myself perceive any significant difference in acceptibility between (216a)and (216b).
But even i[ there is such a difference, it does not suffice to show that CNPC holds in this case.To establistrthat CNPC holds it is necessaryto show that structures of equivalent complexity with a cyclic node S in place of NP areacceptable,while the structureswith NP are not.
Thus to establishthat CNPC holds of direct questions does not suffice to compare (217) with (218), where (218) *who do you believe [the claim lthat John sowll N O A MC H O M S K Y To show that the relevant condition is, rather, CNPC, it is necessaryto contrast who do you believe lthat Bill claimed lthat John saw ll Noting that (2 l9) is grammaticalwhile (218) is not, we establishthat the complex phrase condition does not suffice and that in fact CNPC is operative.
This is the Returning now to (216), to establish that CNPC holds we must considersuch CNPC fronr these cases.But I see no difference,certainly nothing comparableto the distinction between (219), (21 8), which is the relevantanalogue.It seemsto nle that doublew/rstructuresare fairly free, in violation evenof such constraintsas increasing conrplexity and its effect on naturalness,which may very well hold quite generally (e.g.. in such casesas (219)), and therefore belong to an independent (221) I wonder (dont rememher )who went to the store to buy wine and what I dont remember who wondered how to tlo what to whont Sinrilarly, Bresnanargueson the basisof (223\ that the rule in questionobserves I am not at all convincedthat there is a relevantdifference.My judgmentson theso exanrplesare not at all firnr, but I would tend to take thenr as evidencethat non matter, namely the rule she calls comparative subdeletion(CSub), which yields which Bresnantakes to be derived by a deleticlnrule falling togetherunder a single this policy has been as harmful to our interests as people believed (227) a.
Ill have to give as manl Fs as youve proposed to giveAs b. *lll have to give as many Fs as youve dicusseda proposal to give As (228) a. it has done no lessharm than you say it hasdone gootl b. it has done no lessharm than you have the opinion that it has To slrow that cNPC is involved, rather than just a complex phraseconstraint, we mustcomparenot the (a) and (b) casesof (226)(228), but rather the (b) casesand (229) this policy has been as harmful to our intercsts as people believed that (230) Ill have to give as many Fs as youve mentioned that Bill proposed to (231) tt has done no lessharm than you informed me that it hasdone good certainly(229)<231) are much less acceptablethan the correspondingcomparativcs,with the boldface phrases removed.
This is characteristic.To take another, the desk is as high as they believe the claim that it is wide?the desk is as high as they believe that Bill claimt that it is wide the desk is as h@h ds they believe that Bitt claims that it is ln(232), the basicjudgments seem to me to be that (a) and (d) are fully acceptable, rhereas(b) and (c) are not.
Case(232a) is C.Sub; case(232d) is comparative formation, which I have argued is wlrmovement.
If there is no further difference bctween(232b) and (232c), then we may simply say that a complex phrasecon. draint applies to csub. lf we take the differencero be significant,with (232c) considerablymore acceptablethan (232b) (and comparably in the examples(226)(231),then we might decideto accept(232c)as grammatical,explainingits relarive unacceptabilityin some other terms, say, in terms of some performance factorthoughwhy such a factor should apply in csub but not in comparatives decaymore rapidly as length and complexity increase than with [Comparative Deletionl. she also notes that natural contrastsor foci are requiredin csub lo a much greaterextent than in comparatives,citing Akmajian.
But rheseconsidcntions raise some doubt as to whether in fact csub observescNPCand whether it can be coalescedwith comparativedeletion or regardedas a rule operating over a variable.
The variable in question must be subject to some condition indicating that it isnot too complex, in some sensc,and that the apPropriateparallellsmholds.
This notion of conrplexity is qualitatively different, it seems,than the performance factors that may apply in casesof wftmovement (comparativesin particular).
It may well be that the conditions of complexity and parallelism, when properly fornrulated. will simply rule out such casesas the (b) examplesof (226)\228) and (232) as being particularly bad.
If so, we do not have a caseof CNPC,just as(210) does not illustrate SSC, though superficially it appearsto do so.
It seems,in fact, that very slight modificationssuffice to caus€decay of accept the desk is wider than it used to be high the desk was wider than it seemsto me to be high now she seemsas happy now as she I hw ever been vd is more heoltlry now than he has been hoppy for mony yean ft seenrsto rne tlrat (233b,c), (234b), and (235) are very low in acceptability,hardly better than (232b) (if at all), although the comparativesformed by removingthe gives the unacceptable CSub forms is rather slight.
Thus it seemsto me difficult to establish that CSub nreets CNPC, that it lalls under the same generalization st conrparative forrnation, or that it is a rule operating over a variable.
To sunrmarize so far.
I have argued that comparativesare formed by wftmovc nrent, and that there seems no reason to postulate a second rule of comparativc deletion that is extensionallyidentical (as a function) to whmovementover a zub domain of the latter.
I see no reason to believethat CSubconstructionschallengc thesis (50).
Specifically, is CSub a rule of deletion over a variablemeeting tho conditions (49)? lf tlte answer is positive, we must permit a new categ,oryof ruler, deletion over a variable, thus expanding the class of permitted Srammars.Further more. we nrust abandon the thesis(50) and with it the explanationfor CNPC,wlt island constraints, and crossoverJS But the crucial data seem to me relatively unconvincing.
Until some formulation of the relevantnotion of complexity or parallelisrn is advanced,we really have no way of knowing whether the restrio But in fact further analysisshows,I think, that little hingeson the questionof whetherCSub is taken to observethe conditions(49).
We can seewhy by considering more carefully the applicability of Bresnans relativized Aover.A condition Recall that RAOAC guaranteesthat application of wlrmovement to (236) will thesecases.Bresnan argues that the same condition is applicable in the case of (239) the desk is os hish os it is llxl widel (240) the desk is as high as it is wide Bresnantskes X to be a QP, say, that much.
Why doesnt RAOAC apply, deleting (241a),asit moves(24 | b) in (236b) or (according to Bresnansanalysis)as it deletes QaD a. this deskis as wideos that one is l[Xl wide ] MOAC requiresthat we apply the rule to the maximalappropriatephrasethat is b.
John is toller than he is tall (take he to refer to John) But in fact there is additiona.levidencethat Bresnansanalysisof CSub isdefective.A crucialrequirementof this analysisis that (243) must be marked ungrammatical, as a violation of RAOAC.
But in fact, neither (243a\ or (245a) (nor, for that matter, (243b) and (245b), which I take to be just contradictory)is ungrammatical, as we can see readily by constructing an appropriatecontext. lf this is correct, then we can understand why (2a3) seem analogousto (245) rather than (244), which really is ungrammatical.
As relevant contexts, consider the following:60 No, youve got it all wrong; John is more courageousthan llhat is more, this desk is higher tho,r thdt one is high Similar examplescan be constructed for (243),(245), apart from the difficulty of (but never (244)) arc quite all rig,ht.The simplestexplanation for this fact, avoiding any elaborate complication of rules to distinguish somehow between casesof phonetically identical stress,is that CSub simply removesX in (239), etc., and is not subject to RAOAC.
The remainingelement is stressed,but for reasonshaving nothing to do with CSub; ct. (2a5).lf the remainingelement happensto be identical with the paired phrase that is its antecedent, then the sentence is either contradictory (as in (243b) and (245b)), or else nrust be understoodas in thedic coursescited.
All of this will forrn part of the rules of interpretationfor foci inCSub constructions.
Notice now that there is no basisat all for generalizingCSub and comparatives, can go further.
Consider the choice of the element X eliminatedin CSub, as in (23 9) o r mo re gener ally , ( 251) : (25 1)... tha n ( as ) NP r s [ [ qp X] There are severalkinds of familiar deletion phenomena.Typical examplesare VPd ele tion ,a s in (2 52) ; w/ r delet ion,as in ( 253) ; and B r d e l e t i o n ,a s i n ( 2 5 4 ) : In such examplesas (252), there is typically a variant with the deletedphraseunstressed.lt may well be that this is the only kind of deletion that involves lexical items;namely, deletion under identity (cf. p.81, above) of a phrasethat can appearunstressed.6lExamples(253)(254) illustrateanother major classof deletionsperhapsthe only other casenamely,deletion of designatedterminals,sharply Let us now return to CSub and ask where deletion of X in (251) fits into this pattern.Plainly, it is not a caselike (252); there is no variant with an unstressed simplybe absent;period.
The rule of CSub, aswe haveseenmust refer specifica.lly to X; it does not fall under RAOAC, as in (237).
AssumingBresnansanalysis,X is wft.Suppose,then, that we were to take X = whor to take wft. to be a featureof X.
This choice allows us to expressthe relation between comparativesand CSub might fall under a broader generalizationor might require no rule at all, given that wftin isolationhas no phonetic content.
And we can easilyformulateRAOAC so that it does not apply to bare w/rbut only to phraseswhY (Y some terminal string)of the form Xbar (with the right number of bars;three in Bresnanstheory).
We might, for example, limit RAOAC to caseswhere wftis a specifier,in the sense of Xbar theory, of some lexical category, as it is in all the caseswhere RAOAC
Pursuing this approach, we will have wft.movement followed by the familiarwftdeletionin CSub constructions.63lt will fotlow, then, that CSub has the properties(49).
BresnanI,ives a number of arguments against the assumption that a movement rule such as wft.movementappliesin CSub.
There are two basic points.The first is that there are no dialcctal variants with wh.words in the case of CSubl i.e.. (255) John is more courageous than what Bill is intelligent thereis no fornr such as (255) for the reason lhat no w/rword was moved. but only wft, which cannot be phonetically realized.
The second argument is that wherethere is a lexical string in place of X in (25 l), extraction of QP is impossible, u illustratedby (238).
That is, certain kinds of leftbranchmodifiers cannot be terms of RAOAC, and we have been relying on her explanation in the caseof ques tions and relatives.
But we have already seen that RAOAC does not account for CSub; rather, we must reformulate either RAOAC or CSub, perhaps along the linesjust sketched,so that CSub doesnot fall under RAOAC.
Therefore,this class of arguments against a movement rule no longcr applies.Whether we have deletion or movement. the leftbranch modifier involved in CSub is not subject to the general leftbranch condition, which Bresnan convincingly explains in terms of RAOAC.
In short, it does not matter whether we assumethat the designatedelement X of ( 25 I ) is deleted in place, or is moved by w/rmovement and then deleted by an obligatory rule;in either case,eitler becauseit has no phonetic content in principle (and therefore, strictly speakingis not deleted) or as a subcaseof the We can now see that CSub, though an extremely interesting phenomenon, does not seem to be relevant to our current discussionor to the thesis(50).
If we decide to rule such complex examples as (232c) ungrammatical,then it follows that CNPC, etc., simply do not apply to CSub.
In accordancewith this decision as to the facts, we will formulate CSub as a rule deletingX of (251) in place;whatever the associatedrule of interpretation.
The rule is no longer deletion over a variable; we therefore do not have to admit this new category of rules into the grammar, and nothing follows concerning the generalthesis(50).
Or, if we decide,with Bresnan, that (232c), etc., are grammatical,then we will conclude that CSub does observe our general conditions subject to some extragrammatical factors that account for the rapid decline in acceptability with complexity and for the focus and parallelism (232c), we will stipulate that X of (251) is (or has the feature) wlr; We now have just another bit of evidence corroborating the generalthesis(50), though very weak The choice between these two alternativeswill have to await a better understanding of the conditions on complexity and parallelisminvolved inCSub constructions.
As far as the general thesis (50) is concerned, nothing seemsto follow, lf this line of arSumentis correct, we have then a very welcomeoutcome.Namcly, there seem to be no clear counterexamplesto the generalthesis(50).
The consequenceshave alreadybeen noted severaltinres.We havean explanationfor a variety conditions that seementirely natural aslimitations on proceduresof mental computation.
Furthernrore, we can reduce drastically the set of availablerules.There will be no asymmetrybetween rightwardand leftwardmovementrules; all are upwardbounded, in Rossssense.There is no distinction betweenboundedand unbounded rules.
All movement rules are simply subject to subjacency,if they are part of the The only deletion rules are those of the type (252)1254), and of these,only(252) are nontrivial.
Rules of construal and no others are subjectto the basicconditions (+), (5); we thus have a ratier natural formulation of an autonomy thesisfor lormat for the core grammar at least, the expressivepower of transformational rules can be vastly reduced so that very few possibilities are available at all.
Thus the classof possiblegrammars is significantly reduced and we have a natural and rather farreachingexplanation for phenomenaof the sort under discussionhere.of course, theseconclusions will only hold if the problems noted along the way and many Reduction of the class of availablegrammars is the major goal of linguistic theory.
To account for the lact that languageis acquired as it is, we must find ways to restrict the space of potential grammars to be searched by the language learner.Note that reduction of the class of grammars is not in itself an essential god, nor is restriction of the class of generablelanguages;it is the classof available grammars that is important, We might in principle achievea very high degree of explanatory adequacy and a farreaching psychological theory of language growth even with a theory that permitted a grammar for every recursivelyenumerablelanguage. 9. what is important is the cardinalityof the classof gramnrarsthat are compatible with reasonably limited data and that are sufficiently highly valued. we achieve the extent that this classis small,irrespectiveof the generativecapacityof the class on the variouscomponentsof the grammar(e.g.,the Xbar theory for the categorial varietyof highly valuedgrammarscan be reducedquite significantly,if the suggestionsdevelopedhere prove tenable.
I am gateful to Leland George, Norbert Hornstein, and Howard Lasnik for helpful comncnts on an earlier draft of this paper, and to many studentswhose suggestions h i he courseof l ecturesand cl as sdi s c us s i onhav ebc c n w ork ed i nl o the tex t. l .
A s noted i n C homsky (1 973), the pri nc i pl eof s tri c t c y c l i c i ty as there formul atedi mpl i es that rv,tmovementis cyclic.
Bach and llorn (1976) state that they do not seewhy this principle implies that wAmovementis successivccyctic.
The problem tlrey perceivearisesfrom their conclusion that when I wrote that the principle implies..cycliciry,, I reaily meanr successivecycucity; cf. thet note 23.
But I did rnean cyclicity, and the problem they
2.
Kayne suggestsr possible deep structure for this cese,but it seemsrather artificial. 3 .
N o t e t h a t t h e r e i sn o wa yto e xp la in th e se fa ctsin te r m sofacl ausemateconstrai ntand a rule of raising to object.
In the first place, reciprocal interpretation is not subject to a clausemate constraint. cf. (7), (8)l in fact, I think there is no credible evidencethat any transformational rule or rule of construal is subject to such a constraint, i.e., that there i3 any reason to permit this option within linguistic theory.
Furthermore, in many dialccts we have such sentencesas they want very much for each other (themsclves)to win, completely ruling out any such analysis.
In general, even if there is a rule of raising to object position, which I doubt, it will not apply to wanttype verbs,for reasonsdiscusscd in Bresnan (197{1, 1972, 1976c); Lightfoot (1976a).
See the latter for a generalreview of the matter4.
Cf. note 3.
Note that in all dialects, they want very much tor them to win requiresdisjoint reference between the italicized positions.
I will assumehere that EQUI is correctly analyzed as deletion of Xs selF (X a pronoun) in the context for YP, optionally in some dialects, obli8atorily in others, yielding the dialectal they want for to do it and thc standard they want to do it with prdeletion before lo, under conditions that are
( 1 9 7 5 c ) , a n d f o r a n in d e p e n d e n ta r Su m e n t,cf.
F o d o r (1975), pp. l al ff. 5 .
B a c h a n d l l o r n ( 1 9 7 6 ) , in a cr iticism o f Ch o m sky ( 1973), argue that the total effect of the Specified Subject Condition... (etc.)... is to block extraction from noun phrases, This is a rather selective reading.
Fixamplesof reciprocal interpretation and disjoint reference, not to speak of many others discussedin Chomsky (19?3), have nothing lo do with extraction from noun phrases.Thus even if they were correct in their proposalsconcerning noun phrascs. to which I return below, the conscquencesfor the analysis presentedin
C h o m s k y ( 1 9 7 3 ) wo u ld b e slig h t,it se e m sto m e. 5.
The point of thcse examples is that by reliance on PIC and SSC,which are independently motivated for interpretive rules, we can significantly reduce the expressivepower of the theory of transformations, perhaps even to such a level that basic rules can be formulated a s i n ( l ) .
F o r d iscu ssio ncf. , Ch o m sky ( 1 9 7 5 b ,c).Even i fthi s reducti oni s unattai nabl e,the effect of the conditions discussedis considerable.This is important. since naturally we are
7.
These examplesare from Kayne (1975), as reanalyzedby Quicoli (forthcoming a,b,c). 8ut as Quicoli observes,this appears to be a caseof topicalization with subsequentdeletion of the subject pronoun rather than a cascof raising.Under the analysisof topicalization presented below, PIC is irrelevant here.
This is another exampleof the irrelevanceof 9 .
C f .
K a y n e ( 1 9 7 5 ) , Qu ico li ( fo r th co m in g b ) , Po llo ck (1976).
The E ngl i shexampl esare c i t e d i n C h o m s ky ( 1 9 7 3 ) fr o n t F  a u co n n ie(r1 9 7 1 ) , w ho gi vesthe Frenchequi val ents. 1 0 .
O n e c r u c i a l a s su m p tio n in th isa n a lysisisth a tin En g l i shC OMP cannotbedoubl yfi l l ed. l t f o l l o w s t h a t n o m o r c th a n o n e e le m e n t ca n b e e xtractedto the tnal ri x scntencefrom a c o m p l e m e n t c la u se.Po sta l ( 1 9 7 6 a ) a r g u e sth a t th is assumpti oni s i ncorrect,as show n by (i) under those conditions, ryfu! do you think I should do if he comes, u,hat do you think I ought to do lle argues that both of the italicized phraseshave been extracted fiom the complement of think.
Postal does not formulate the rules that he believesto be operative here, but presumably he is assuming that certain phrasesX are preposableto sentenceinitial posit i o n i n t h c c o n tcxt ( iii) : ( i i i ) L h a l y o , vP lS NP V..Jl
Assuming that some such rule is what he has in mind, we see at once that it is incorrect.
To be precise, (iv) and (v) are not starred, but rather cannot be interpretedas extraction from the position markcd with t, but only as preposing from the matrix clause.Thus the rule that seems to be presupposed by Postals discussion is wrong.
This leavesus with the problem of explaining (i), (ii). \lfhatever the explanation may be, notice that the phenomena citcd have no direct bearing on the conditions on rules that Postal is discussing,for SSC is a good example of the fdlacy that I have noted severaltimes: phenomenado not bear directly on conditions on rules; only rules do.
In no casedoes he proposea rule that violates (or confums) these or any other conditions.
Similar criticisms with regard to As far as (i) and (ii) are concerncd,perhapsthe explanation is that such phtasesas you think are 3ubject to r reanalysisas adsententials,so that none of th€ relcvantconditions apply,just as we have violations ofCNPC under the reanalysisindicated in (vi) and (vii): whot did he lmake o claiml that John row (acceptable,for many speakcrs) Such reanalysisis motivated by the familiar analysisof tags:e.g., (viii), (ix): Mether or not this suggestionis correct, I stressagain that such examplesas (i) and (ii) have no relevanceto lhe question of the adequacy of conditions on rules in themselves, but only indirectly, insofar as they indicate what the rules of grammar might be.
I l.
Compare what did they hear some funny storiesabout pictures of, blocked becauseof 12.
A more familiar assumption is that relativization in these languagesleavesa copy.
I am restrictedthat pronouns (or, for that matter, lexical items in general)cannot be introduced most convincing argument againsta pronominalization transformation, in my opinion, is the one given by Dougherty (1969).
He points out th^t in positions where nouns and nonanophoric pronouns can freely occar, pronouns that can be understood anaphorically can sis but immediately explicable on the assumption that pronouns are basegenerated on the basis of examples in which pronouns occur in positions where nouns and nonanaphoric pronouns do not freely occur.
Since the proviso italicized above is perfectly explicit in Doughertysdiscussion(cf. his note l3) Postalsrejoinder is completely besidethe point. 13.
It has been noted tha t E ngl i s hs peak erss ometi mesus e a c ons truc ti onw i th a pronoun w herean i sl andconstrai ntw oul d bl oc k rel ati v i z ati on,as i n (23i i ): c f.
A ndrc w s(1975a)for some discussion.I supposethat this is an ancillary process,not to be incorposated,strictly speaking,within the grammar14.
On the significance of erasure of trace, as in NPpreposingin (29), cf.
Fiengo (1974), Chomsky (1974, 1975b).
Note that trace theory introduces no globality in any un wanted sense,contrary to what is sometimesassumed.Cf.
Chomsky ( 1975b) for discussion. 15.
We may take who, what to be, in effect, whpenon, whthing, respectively, Thus who is discussedin Chomksy (1964), Postal (1965), will be expressed,within this framework, as 1 6. l n C l o m s k y (1 9 7 3 ) , se ctio n 1 7 , it is su g g e ste d replaced by an interpretive rule for wlphrases generatedin COMP Position.
The rule of interpretation would then be something Iike (38). t think thal this is entirely possible,but I am not convinced that it is a meaningful alternative to the ttansformational analysis as a movement rule, for reasonsdiscussedin Chomsky (1975c).
The same may be said about the proposal to replace NPmovement rules by inlerpretive rules. lt seemsto me that wc ment, rules of construal (and, of course, others: e.8., extraposition, quantiftermovement or interpretation, rOCUS, predication, etc.).
If all are regardedas intetpretive rules, wc stiU have the same three collections of properties,which can, in fact, be explained (rather than stipulaled) if we take the NPmovement and wlmovement rules to be movement l? .
D i r e c t a p p l i c a tio n o fd r m o ve m e n tto g ive ( 4 1 ) isb lockedbyP l C andS S C.A ppl i cati onof w4movement in the embedded clause will give you told Mary Iwho she should meetl.
Extraction of who on the next cycle is blocked by PlC, since the bracketed phraseis a t e n s e d c l a u s€. a n d b y SSC, u n d e r th e p r e se n tfotmul ati on (but not that of C homksy, t 9? 3 ) , s i n c e it co n ta in s a sp e cilie dsu b je ct.Cf. n ol es 3?, 38.
B achand H orn (1976) state that in Chomsky (1973) a special clause is requted allowing extraction over a specilied subject by movement into a coMP node.
That is incorrect.
Movement to the coMP nodc in the rlst cycle does nor fall under (l l), as explained in chomsky (1973), becausethcrc 1 8 .
E x a m p l e s( 1 ) a n d O) a r e fr o m De a n ( 1 9 6 7 ) .
Exa mpl e (c) i s from E rteschi k(1973) w ho gives a detailed discussionof the topic.
The oddity of whmovementfiom certain factivor i s n o t e d i n K ip a r sky a n d Kip a r sky ( 1 9 7 0 ). 1 9 .
I n C h o m s k y ( 1 9 7 3 ) , n o te 2 2 , I r e m a r ke d th a t none of the argumentsi n the l i teratuc appear to apply to the formulation of cyclicity of whmovement proposed Bach and Horn (1975) dispute this observation, claiming that these:nguments do apply.
They present one example, which, as they note, is basedcrucially on the assumptionthat w,movement is obligatory in the embedded clause.They fail to note, however, that I explicitly assumed the r ule to be optional; cf. section I 3.
Thus the stalemenl to which they object seemsto nte accurate.
They assert that optionality of wlmovement undermines arguments for successivecyclicity,but they present no grounds for this conclusion (they do offer argu ments purporting to show that strict cyclicity is untenable, but whatev€r the merits of these may be, the question is a quite different one).
In fact, optionality of wimovement core grammar (excluding what tlach, 1965, calls housekeepingrules) are optiond tho apparcnl obligatorincssdcriving from filters and principlesof interpretation, along the linGt d i s c u s s c riln Ch o r n sky ( 1 9? 3 ) .
Cf.
L a sn ik a n d Ku pi n (forthcomi ng),C homskyand l asni k 2 0 .
N o t e a g a i n th a t we a lso m u st p r e su p p o seth e su peri oti ty condi ti on ofC homsky (1973) independently motivated by l dont remember who saw what, 1 dont remember whrt 21.
Note that if a languagehas no transformations, this escapehatch is unavailablein prlr ciple.
Therefore it follows that for such languages,extraction of wlpfuases from embcddcd clauses is impossible.
Cf.
Ilate (1976) for an argument alonS thes€lines for Walbid.
Nota
2 2. l l a c h a h d l l or n ( 1 9 7 6 ) su g g e sta d iffe r e n t e xp la n ati onfor C N P C ,to w hi ch I w i l l return. 23. llresnan notes that there is no convincing evidencefor crossovetin the cas€ofcomprrt tive subdeletion, and that some of the crossoverphenomena do not seem to hold fOr 2 4 .
T h e a n a l y s isr h a r fo llo wsise sse n tia llyth a to fClr omsky(1974). l tw assuggestedbymrtGN t ial prcscntc<lin l.lnronds( I 9?6) basedon ideasof Ann llanfield.
I anr indebtcd to lvan Sg f o r c n r c n d a tio n s,a s n o te d b e lo w. 25.
How seriously one should take this last remark I am not sure.
There is no particular to take the wAphraseof the COMP in relalivesto be a quantifier binding ihe variabtc, it may be that a natural semantic intetpretation of relatives, along thelines previously discussed,will regard the variabre introduced as free whether or not the wiphrase 26.
E gsubj ects,extrapos edc l aus es ,ps eudoc l efts.A l s os uc hs truc tures as.,,l ,ms adhel eft,, (cf. lm glad he left), *.,1 muttered hed better leave,,, 2?.
After writing this sentence,I noticed that it illustrates the property discussedcetlier without crcar exampres,namely, that the proposition need not be..open but can be about the focusedelement of the TOPIC in some more vagueway. 28.
This ir ungrammatical, but for independent reasons;namery. free retativeswith excluded in general by a special restriction.
Thus this book is what t want 29 The Iast example is frorn pinkham and Hankamer (l 975). we should have i sw hatTom orderedus to pai ntour boat; pea green,Tom orderedus pai nt it was pea Sreen that Tom ordered us to paint our boat.
But to me very questionable.
The (d) casesalso seem marginal, suggesting excluded from subject or Toplc. t am assuminghere that the Toilc 3l Pinkham and Hankamer, in.their very interesting study of clefts, state which postulatestwo independent rules that form ctefts (one of them is intended as a challengeto any ana.lysisthat is not structurebuilding. the data they cite, where judgments are clear, is just as well handled by postulatin8 undcrlying structure (85) and no rule of cleftformation at all, two cases.I am not convinced by some of the crucial data that they that the cxamplesdivide as they propose,but will not pursue the maner here I am suggestingin effect, that the parallel is far broader and not limited to exrraction from the scopeof a negativeas they propose, 32.
Note that we cannot have believe h this position as in (94b).
The ordered Bill to believethat Mary left.
John i3 hard to believeto have lefi, 35 Judgmentsvary, as is generalry the case when each other is in subjecr position: wanted each other to win, they prefer for each other to win, ;,they eachother to win, they would hate it for each others pictufes to incomparablymore acceptablethan (l03c).
Note that Doo&s must be plural (iOlU); agai nsteachother, etc .
C f.
C homs k y (1973) for di s c us s l on. 36.
S i mi l arl y,.*w hordi dygy fi l qbook (w hi c hs )forus togi v err di dyoufi ndabook(w N c h1)forus ro8i v er,i r,.1* h.i booi l , t7.
The ptoviso (46) permits escapefrom COMP in a tenseds€ntence.lf the notion..subject is so defined that the subject of S is atso the subject of S, then (46) escapcfrom COMP in infinitives as well.
If the subject of S is not the suiriect nothi ngw l u prevent mov ementfi om c oMp i n i nfi ni ti v er.l n ( h.rns k y (19i 3) I made latter assumption, in the foregoing discussion,the former, largely for expository reasons If bridge conditions are limited to ftnite clauses,as appearsto be the case,then subject of should be defined only for s, nor s, so ihat ssc is inapplicabte to coMPcoMP
38.
The basic observation is due to Ross (1967).
He notes that some restriction must be formulared to rule out this rock is too heavy for us (to try) to claim that we picked up.
Cf. also Ross (1973): Gravel pizza is touBh for me to prove that she thought of.
Ross stars these examples. tasnik and Fiengo (1974) note that lhc restrictions follow from PlC, according to their andy3is.
In our terms, they follow by withdrawing (46) in thesecases. (  o n s i d c r t h c c or r csp o n d in gin fin itiva ls: th is r o ck is too heavytbr us (to try) l o order het to pick up, (iravel pizza is tough for me to prove her to have thought of. lasnik and Fiengo block rhese by SSC.
If, in fact, the finite and infinitival embedded clausesgive approximately the same degree of strangeness,then in lhe present framewolk we must accept the formulation of subject oF assumedhere rather than in Chomsky (1973) (cf. note 37). and relax the languagespeciircproviso (46) for all these cases.If the tensedSs are indeed of a different category, then the formulation of chomsky (1973) must beaccepted, and the language.specific proviso (46) relaxed. lf there is some independent leason for the strangenessin all of these cases,then nothing follows with regardto subject of S and nothing need be said about (46).
Judgmentsare sufficiently obscure,to me at least, so that I hesitate to make a delrnite propoEal.Note that all that seemsto be involved ir a languagespecifrcproviso and the precise formulation of a general principle for a domain of 39.
The following discussiondraws heavily on Lasnik and Fiengo (1974), though a somewhat 40. t have been assuming throughout that VP is introduced only under S; thus, that infinitival subjectless complements of promisepersuade, elc., are S, with NP = PRO.
Deletion of pz x.self, as in EQUI, will leave vP under s (cf. note 4).
ArSumentsin support of distinguish. ing VP infinitival complements in this way appear in Quicoli (forthcoming a,bc); cf
C h o m s k y ( 1 9 75 c) .
T h e r e is a sim ila rd istin ctio nin Kavne (1975).
4 | .
For discussionof various adjectival constructions, cf.
Lees ( 1960b) and much later work.
That the forphtaseis within the embedded s€ntencein both casesof (l 23c) is arSuedby
B a c ha n d H o r n ( 1 9 7 6 ) .
We will r e tu r n to th is q u e stion. 42, These examples suggestthat the phenomena that Bresnandiscussesunder the rubric of thc fixed subjecr constraint might preferably be handled by a surface filter (a suggestion that she rejects, but on grounds that can be overcome in terms of trace theory, it seemi) rather than as a condition on rule application, since in these caseswfimovement taker place after for, which then deletes before to in standarddidects. 43.
A rather similar analysis,but without wimovement, is sugSestedin Ross (1967), but hc later rejected it on gounds that were laler shown to be inadequate by Akmajian.
Cf,
44.
Cited in Grimshaw (1975) from Berman (1974).
Grimshaw attributes the origind observation to Huddleston ( I 97 I ). 45.
They do not cire (D, G), but these are implicit in their analysis.
Similarities between edsl topleose constructions and others tlrat we have discussed here are noted in the literatue.
C f. , e. g ,l  l v e rs( 1 9 7 5 ).
Printed in the United States of America.
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
For information address Harper & Row, Publishers, Incorporated, 49 East 33rd Street, New York, This study of English sound structure is an interim report on work in progress rather than an attempt to present a definitive and exhaustive study of phonological processes in English.
We feel that our work in this area has reached a point where the general outlines and major theoretical principles are fairly clear and where we can identify the areas requiring additional intensive study with a reasonable expectation that further investigation within the same general framework will not significantly alter the overall picture we have presented, although it may well be that new and different insightsperhaps along the lines discussed in Chapter Ninewill lead to significant modifications.
We have decided to publish this study in its present intermediate stage in the hope that it will stimulate criticism and discussion of basic issues and perhaps involve other investigators in the immense task of extending this sketch to the whole of English, providing the same sort of description for other languages, and enriching and sharpening (and, no doubt, revising in many ways) the This book is organized in the following way.
Part I opens with an introductory chapter, Chapter One, in which background assumptions are briefly sketched.
In Chapter Two of Part lour major conclusions with respect to phonological theory and the phonology of English are outlined.
Also discussed are the possible implications of this work with regard to perceptual processes and the conditions under which knowledge of a language (and, presumably, knowledge of other sorts) can be acquired.
We have tried in Part I to present an informal account of the main conclusions that we reach and to illustrate the kinds of data that support them.
Thus, readers interested only in general conclusions may wish to
Part II of the book is an elaboration of the topics treated in Chapter Two of Part I.
Chapters Three and Four examine in considerable detail two aspects of English sound structure which were only sketched in Chapter Two.
In the course of this detailed investigation of English sound patterns and their underlying structure, certain rules of English phonology are developed.
These rules are restated in Chapter Five, which concludes Part Two.
The primary emphasis in Part II is on the phonology of English; theory is developed Part III deals with certain aspe~ts of the historical evolution of the sound patterns Part IV is devoted to phonological theory.
The informal discussion in Part I is ex.panded upon, and the theory presented inf an ad hoc manner in Part II is systematically developed.
The first chapter of Part IVChapter Sevenis concerned with universal phonetics, that is, with the general theory of linguistic representation of speech signals.
Chapter Eight deals with the principles of organization of the phonological component of the grammar, that is, with the rules that relate syntactic structures to phonetically represented speech signals.
In the ninth and concluding chapter, a proposal is presented for an extension of phonological theory that takes into account the intrinsic content of features.
Part IV is not concerned with the structure of English but is intended rather as a contribution to universal We have made no attempt to avoid redundancy or repetitiousness where we felt that this would assist the reader in following the analysis or argument.
Thus, much of the discussion in Part I is repeated in Part II, with additional detail and analysis, and Part IV recapitulates, more systematically, much of the contents of Parts I and II.
Each of the four parts of the book is very nearly selfcontained.
In particular, readers familiar with the general background of this work and its major conclusions as outlined in lectures and publications during the last few years might prefer to skip Part I altogether.
In writing the book we have had two classes of potential readers in mind: first, readers who are concerned only with the general properties of English sound structure, with the consequences of these properties for general linguistic theory, and with the implications of general linguistic theory for other fields; second, readers who are concerned with the detailed development of phonological theory and the theory of English, that is, English grammar.
Part I of the book is directed to the first class of readers; Parts II, III, and IV, One other point of clarification is needed.
We have investigated certain topics in considerable detail and have neglected certain others in what might appear to be a rather idiosyncratic and unmotivated pattern.
For example, we have studied the stress contours of English in some detail, but we say nothing about the gradations of aspiration that can easily be observed for English stop consonants.
For one concerned solely with the facts of English, the gradations of stress may not seem more important than the gradations of aspiration.
Our reason for concentrating on the former and neglecting the latter is that we are not, in this work, concerned exclusively or even primarily with the facts of English as such.
We are interested in these facts for the light they shed on linguistic theory (on what, in an earlier period, would have been called universal grammar) and for what they suggest about the nature of mental processes in general.
It seems to us that the gradations of stress in English can be explained on the basis of very deepseated and nontrivial assumptions about universal grammar and that this conclusion is highly suggestive for psychology, in many ways that we will sketch.
On the other hand, gradations of aspiration seem to shed no light on these questions, and we therefore devote no attention to them.
We intend no value judgment here; we are not asserting that one should be primarily concerned with universal grammar and take an interest in the particular grammar of English only insofar as it provides insight into universal grammar and psychological theory.
We merely want to make it clear that this is our point of departure in the present work; these are the considerations that have determined our choice of topics and the relative importance given to various phenomena.
This general aim of our book also explains why we have not included a full discussion of exceptions and irregularities.
Had our primary concern been the grammar of English, we would have said very little about the principle of the transformational cycle (see Chapters Two and Three) and its consequences (in particular, the properties of English stress contours), but we would have provided a complete account of irregular verbs, irregular plurals, exceptions to rules of stress placement and vowel alternation, etc.
Since our main interest is, rather, in universal grammar, we have followed exactly the opposite course.
We discuss the transformational cycle and its consequences in detail and we do not include an account of irregularities and exceptions, except insofar as these phenomena seem relevant to the formulation of general principles of English phonology.
Given the goals of the research reported on here, exceptions to rules are of interest only if they suggest a different general framework or the formulation of deeper rules.
In themselves they are of no interest.
We do not doubt that the segment of English phonology that we develop in detail is , inaccurate in certain respects, perhaps in fundamental respects; and it is a near certainty that the phonological theory. we propose will be shown to require substantial revision as research progresses.
We mention many difficulties, inadequacies, and exceptions as we proceed.
It would be a timeconsuming but straightforward task to compile a complete list of exceptions, at least for the rules of wordlevel phonology.
Given the purpose of this study such an effort would be beside the point unless it were to lead to the formulation of new and deeper rules that explained the exceptions or to a different theory that accounted both for the regularities that our rules express and for some of their defects and limitations.
We see no reason to give up rules of great generality because they are not of even greater generality, to sacrifice generality where it can be attained.
It seems hardly necessary to stress that if we are faced with the choice between a grammar G 1 that contains a general rule along with certain special rules governing exceptions and a grammar G 2 that gives up the general rule and lists everything as an exception, then we will prefer G 1 • For this reason, citation of exceptions is in itself of very little interest.
Counterexamples to a grammatical rule are of interest only if they lead to the construction of a new grammar of even greater generality or if they show some underlying principle is fallacious or misformulated.
Otherwise, citation We stress this point because of what seems to us a persistent misinterpretation, in linguistic discussion, of the significance of exceptions to rulesa misinterpretation which in part reflects a deeper misunderstanding as to the status of grammars or of linguistic theory.
A grammar is a theory of a language.
It is obvious that any theory of a particular language or any general theory of language that can be proposed today will be far from adequate, in scope and in depth.
One of the best reasons for presenting a theory of a particular language in the precise form of a generative grammar, or for presenting a hypothesis concerning general linguistic theory in very explicit terms, is that only such precise and explicit formulation can lead to the discovery of serious inadequacies and to an understanding of how they can be remedied.
In contrast, a system of transcription or terminology, a list of examples, or a rearrangement of the data in a corpus is not refutable by evidence (apart from inadvertenceerrors that are on the level of proofreading mistakes).
It is for just this reason that such exercises are of very limited interest for linguistics as a field of rational inquiry.
In addition to features of English phonology which seem of no general systematic importance, we have omitted from our discussion many topics about which we have not been able to learn enough, though they may very well be of considerable importance.
For example, we have omitted pitch from consideration because we have nothing to add to the study of the phonetics of intonation and have not yet attempted to deal with the still quite open question of the systematic role of pitch contours or levels within the general framework of syntactic and phonological theory as we so far understand it. (See Stockwell (I 960), Bierwisch (1966), Lieberman (1966) for discussion of these topics.) Thus pitch and terminal juncture will never be marked in the examples we present.
As far as we have been able to determine, the various omissions and gaps have no serious bearing on the questions that we have dealt with, although, clearly, one must keep an open mind on this matter.
The dialect of English that ;ve study is essentially that described by Kenyon and Knott (1944).
We depart from their transcriptions occasionally, in ways that will be noted, and we also discuss some matters (e.g., stress contours beyond the word level) not included in their transcriptions.
For the most part, however, we have used very familiar data of the sort presented in Kenyon and Knott.
In fact, their transcriptions are very close to our own speech, apart from certain dialectal idiosyncrasies of no general interest, which we omit.
It seems to us that the rules we propose carry over, without major modification, to many other dialects of English, though it goes without saying that we have not undertaken the vast and intricate study of dialectal variation.
For reasons that we will discuss in detail, it seems to us very likely that the underlying lexical (or phonological) representations must be common to all English dialects, with rare exceptions, and that much of the basic framework of rules must be common as well.
Of course, this is an empirical question, which must be left to future research.
We will make only a few remarks about dialectal variation, where this seems to The general point of view that underlies this descriptive study is one that several of us have been developing for more than fifteen years, at M.LT. and elsewhere, at first independently, but increasingly as a joint effort.
It is represented in such publications as Chomsky, Syntactic Structures (1957a); Halle, The Sound Pattern of Russian (1959); Chomsky, Current Issues in Linguistic Theory (1964); Katz and Postal, An Integrated Theory ofLinguistic Descriptions (1964); Chomsky, Aspects of the Theory of Syntax (1965); Matthews, Hidatsa Syntax (1965); Katz, The Philosophy of Language (1966); Postal, Aspects of Phonological Theory (1968); and in many articles, reports, and dissertations.
Much of the apparent novelty of this point of view is the result of historical accident.
Although it naturally owes very much to the important studies, both of general linguistics and of English, that have been carried· on during the past thirty or forty years, the approach that is developed in the works cited and that we follow here has much deeper roots in an older, largely forgotten, and widely disparaged tradition. (See Chomsky (1964, 1966a) and Postal (1964b) for discussion.) It seems to us accurate to describe the study of generative grammar, as it has developed during recent years, as fundamentally a continuation of this very rich tradition, rather than as an We have been working on this book, with varying degrees of intensity, for about ten years, and have discussed and presented various aspects of this work at several stages of development.
One or the other of us has lectured on this material at M.LT. for the past seven years.
No system of rules that we have proposed has survived a course of lectures unchanged, and we do not doubt that the same fate awaits the grammatical sketch that we The research for this book was conducted largely at the Research Laboratory of Electronics, M.LT., and has been partly assisted by grants from the National Science Foundation and, more recently, from the National Institute of Health (Grant I POI MH It would be impossible for us, at this point, to acknowledge in detail the contribution that our students and colleagues have made to the clarification and modification of our ideas.
We would like to thank Robert Lees and Paul Postal for their many invaluable comments and suggestions; Paul Kiparsky, Theodore Lightner, and John Ross for the questions they have raised and the answers they have supplied or forced us to find; Richard Carter, S.
Jay Keyser, S.
Y.
Kuroda, James Sledd, Richard Stanley, and Robert Stockwell for reading and criticizing various parts of the book in different stages of its evolution.
We owe thanks to Patricia Wanner, who has been in charge of typing the numerous versions of the manuscript, to Karen Ostapenko, Deborah MacPhail, and Michael Brame, who have prepared the Bibliography and Indexes, and to Florence Warshawsky Harris, our editor and former student, who has devoted a major part of her life during these last two years to seeing We dedicate the book to Roman Jakobson to mark, albeit belatedly, his seventieth birthday and to express our admiration and gratitude for his inspired teaching and his warm friendship which for so many years have enriched our lives. 1.
The Principle of the Transformational Cycle and Its Application to English SIX .
THE EVOLUTION OF THE MODERN ENGLISH VOWEL SYSTEM 1.2.
General Comments on the Early History of Modem English 4.2.
Features Relating to the Body of the Tongue: HighNonhigh, On the Evaluation Procedure and the Form of Phonological Rules 2.3.
Conventions for Vowels and the Representation of Vowels in the Lexicon 2.4.
Conventions for True Consonants and the Representation of Consonants The goal of the descriptive study of a language is the construction of a grammar.
We may think of a language as a set of sentences, each with an ideal phonetic form and an associated intrinsic semantic interpretation.
The grammar of the language is the system of rules that The speaker produces a signal with a certain intended meaning; the hearer receives a signal and attempts to determine what was said and what was intended.
The performance of the speaker or hearer is a complex matter that involves many factors.
One fundamental factor involved in the speakerhearers performance is his knowledge of the grammar that determines an intrinsic connection of sound and meaning for each sentence.
We refer to this knowledgefor the most part, obviously, unconscious knowledgeas the speakerhearers competence.
Competence, in this sense, is not to be confused with performance.
Performance, that is, what the speakerhearer actually does, is based not only on his knowledge of the language, but on many other factors as wellfactors such as memory restrictions, inattention, distraction, nonlinguistic knowledge and beliefs, and so on.
We may, if we like, think of the study of competence as the study of the potential performance of an idealized speakerhearer who is unaffected by such grammatically irrelevant factors.
We use the term grammar with a systematic ambiguity.
On the one hand, the term refers to the explicit theory constructed by the linguist and proposed as a description of the speakers competence.
On the other hand, we use the term to refer to this competence itself.
The former usage is familiar; the latter, though perhaps less familiar, is equally appropriate.
The person who has acquired knowledge of a language has internalized a system of rules that determines soundmeaning connections for indefinitely many sentences.
Of course, the person who knows a language perfectly has little or no conscious knowledge of the rules that he uses constantly in speaking or hearing, writing or reading, or internal monologue.
It is this system of rules that enables him to produce and interpret sentences that he has never before encountered.
It is an important fact, too often overlooked, that in normal, everyday discourse one unqerstands and produces new utterances with no awareness of novelty or innovation, although these normal utterances are similar to those previously produced or encountered only in: that they are formed and interpreted by the same grammar, the same internalized sy§tem of rules.
It is important to emphasize that there is no significant sense of  generalization in which these new utterances can be described as generalizations from earlier experience, and no sense of the term habit in which the normal use of language can be described as some kind of habit system or as habitual behavior.
We cannot, in other words, characterize the internalized, mentally represented system of rules that we call the grammar in terms of any other significant To summarize, then, we use the term grammar to refer both to the system of rules represented in the mind of the speakerhearer, a system which is normally acquired in early childhood and used in the production and interpretation of utterances, and to the theory that the linguist constructs as a hypothesis concerning the actual internalized grammar of the speakerhearer.
No confusion should result from this standard usage if the distinction is kept in mind.
General linguistics attempts to develop a theory of natural language as such, a system of hypotheses concerning the essential properties of any human language.
These properties determine the class of possible natural languages and the class of potential grammars for some human language.
The essential properties of natural language are often referred to as linguistic universals.
Certain apparent linguistic universals may be the result merely of historical accident.
For example, if only inhabitants of Tasmania survive a future war, it might be a property of all then existing languages that pitch is not used to differentiate lexical items.
Accidental universals of this sort are of no importance for general linguistics, which attempts rather to characterize the range of possible human languages.
The significant linguistic universals are those that must be assumed to be available to the child learning a language as an a priori, innate endowment.
That there must be a rich system of a priori propertiesof essential linguistic universalsis fairly obvious from the following empirical observations.
Every normal child acquires an extremely intricate and abstract grammar, the properties of which are much underdetermined by the available data.
This takes place with great speed, under conditions that are far from ideal, and there is little significant variation among children who may differ greatly in intelligence and experience.
The search for essentiallinguistic universals is, in effect, the study of the a priori faculte de langage that makes language acquisition possible under the given conditions of time and access to data.
It is useful to divide linguistic universals roughly into two categories.
There are, first of all certain formal universals that determine the structure of grammars and the form and organization of rules.
In addition, there are substantive universals that define the sets of elements that may figure in particular grammars.
For example, the theory of transformational generative grammar proposes certain formal universals regarding the kinds of rules that can appear in a grammar, the kinds of structures on which they may operate, and the ordering conditions under which these rules may apply.
We shall study these questions in detail, in connection with the phonological component of a generative grammar.
Similarly, general linguistic theory might propose, as substantive universals, that the lexical items of any language are assigned to fixed categories such as noun, verb, and adjective, and that phonetic transcriptions must make use of a particular, fixed set of phonetic features.
The latter topic, once again, will occupy us in this book.
We will be concerned with the theory of universal phonetics, that part of general linguistics that specifies the class of possible phonetic representations of sentences by determining the universal set of phonetic features and the conditions on their possible combinations.
The phonetic form of each sentence in each language is drawn from this class of possible phonetic representations.
What exactly is a phonetic representation.
Suppose that universal phonetics establishes that utterances are sequences of discrete segments, that segments are complexes of a particular set of phonetic features, and that the simultaneous and sequential combinations of these features are subject to a set of specific constraints.
For example, universal phonetics may provide us with the feature consonantal, which distinguishes [+consonantal] phonetic segments such as [P], [t], [e], [s], [8] from [consonantal] phonetic segments such as [u], [i], [a]; and the feature strident, which distinguishes [+strident] segments such as [s] and [8] from [strident] segments such as [p], [t], and [e].
Among the simultaneous constraints of universal phonetics would be the condition that no phonetic segment can be both [consonantal] and [+ strident]; the feature strident does not provide a further classification of the category of [consonantal] segments.
Among the sequential constraints might be certain conditions that assign a maximal length to a sequence of [+ consonantal] phonetic segments, that is, to a consonant cluster.
There will be many other constraints of both sorts, and they must be met by each phonetic representation in each More specifically, a phonetic representation has the form of a twodimensional matrix in which the rows stand for particular phonetic features; the columns stand for the consecutive segments of the utterance generated; and the entries in the matrix determine the status of each segment with respect to the features.
In a full phonetic representation, an entry might represent the degree of intensity with which a given feature is present in a particular segment; thus, instead of simply subdividing segments into [+strident] and [strident], as in the example just given, the entries in the row corresponding to the feature  strident might indicate degrees along a differentiated scale of stridency.
The phonetic symbols [p], [t], [e], [i], [u], etc., are simply informal abbreviations for certain feature complexes; each such symbol, then, stands for a column of a matrix of the sort just described.
To recapitulate, the phonetic representation of an utterance in a given language is a matrix with rows labeled by features of universal phonetics.
The grammar of the language assigns to this phonetic representation a structural description that indicates how it is to be interpreted, ideally, in this language.
More generally, we may say that the grammar of each language assigns a structural description to each member of the universal class of possible phonetic representations.
For example, the grammar of every language will assign structural descriptions to phonetic representations such as (1) and (2):1 We omit much phonetic detail that should b~specified in universal representations but that is irrelevant to the exposition here.
This is the course we Will generally follow in discussing particular examples.
In the representation (2), and in other representations in this chapter, we include the boundary symbol which can be taken as specifying a certain type of transition between phonetic elements.
Actually, however, we will suggest later that boundary symbols dt> not appear in phonetic representations.
The grammar of English will assign to (1) a structural description indicating that it is not a sentence of English at all, and to (2) a structural description that specifies the elements of which it is composed on the various linguistic levels, the manner of their organization, the interrelations of these abstract representations, and so on.
The grammar of French will supply this information for (1), and will designate (2) as a nonsentence.
Many elements of the class of possible phonetic representations will be designated as semigrammatical sentences, not wellformed but nevertheless interpretable by analogy to wellformed sentences in ways that are, for the moment, not well understood.
The class of possible phonetic representations is of course infinite.
Similarly, the class of phonetic representations designated as wellformed sentences in each human language is infinite.
No human language has a limit on the number of sentences that are properly formed and that receive a semantic interpretation in accordance with the rules of this language.
However, the grammar of each language must obviously be a finite object, realized physically in a finite human brain.
Therefore, one component of the grammar must have a recursive property; it must contain certain rules that can be applied indefinitely often, in new arrangements and combinations, in the generation (specification) of structural descriptions of sentences.
Every language, in particular, contains processes that permit a sentence to be embedded within another sentence, as the English sentence John left is embedded in the sentence I was surprised that John left.
These processes can apply indefinitely often to form sentences of arbitrary complexity.
For example, the sentence I was surprised that John left can itself be embedded in the context Bill expected, giving, finally, Bill expected me to be surprised that John left, after various obligatory modifications have taken place.
There is no limit to the number of applications of such processes; with each further application, we derive a wellformed sentence with a definite phonetic and The part of a grammar which has this recursive property is the syntactic component, the exact form of which will not concern us here.
We will, however, make certain assumptions about the abstract objects generated by the syntactic component, that is, about the syntactic descriptions that can be formed by the application of its rules.
The syntactic component of a grammar assigns to each sentence a surface structure that fully determines the phonetic form of the sentence.
It also assigns a far more abstract deep structure which underlies and partially determines the surface structure but is otherwise irrelevant to phonetic interpretation, though it is of fundamental significance for semantic interpretation.
It is important to bear in mind that deep structures are very different from the surface structures to which we will restrict our attention and that they provide a great deal of information not represented in surface structures.
To recapitulate, a grammar contains a syntactic component which is a finite system of rules generating an infinite number of syntactic descriptions of sentences.
Each such syntactic description contains a deep structure and a surface structure that is partially determined by the deep structure that underlies it.
The semantic component of the grammar is a system of rules that assigns a semantic interpretation to each syntactic description, making essential reference to the deep structure and possibly taking into account certain aspects of surface structure as well.
The phonological component of the grammar assigns a phonetic interpretation to the syntactic description, making reference only to properties of the surface structure, so far as we know.
The structural description assigned to a sentence by the grammar consists of its full syntactic description, as well as the associated semantic and phonetic representations.
Thus the grammar generates an infinite number of sentences, each of which has a phonetic and semantic representation; it defines an infinite soundmeaning correspondence, this correspondence being mediated by the abstract syntactic We are not concerned here with deep structures and the rules that generate them, the rules that relate them to surface structures, or the rules that assign semantic interpretations to syntactic descriptions.
We are limiting our attention to surface structures, phonetic representations, and the rules that assign a phonetic representation (possibly several phonetic representations, in the case of free variation) to each surface structure.
The surface structures generated by the syntactic component have the following characteristics.
Each consists of a string of minimal elements that we will call formatives.
Each formative is assigned to various categories that determine its abstract underlying form, the syntactic functions it can fulfill, and its semantic properties.
For example, the formative boy will belong to the category of elements with initial voiced stops, to the category noun, to the category animate, to the category male, etc.
This information about formatives will be presented in a lexicon, which forms part of the syntactic component ~f the grammar.
The organization of the lexicon will not concern us here; we simply assume that the full categorization of each formative is represented in the surface structure.
In fact, we may think of the lexical entry of a formative as nothing other than a list of the categories to which it belongs.
The categories are sometimes called features.
We will refer, as we proceed, to phonological, syntactic, and semantic features.
The surface structure must indicate how the string of formatives it contains is subdivided into phrases, each phrase being a certain continuous substring of the string of formatives.
The analysis of strings into phrases is a proper bracketing in the sense that phrases can overlap only if one is contained in the other.
Thus, if A, B, Care formatives, the surface structure of the string ABC cannot specify AB as a phrase and BC as a phrase, for the string may be bracketed either as ((AB)C) or as (A(BC) ) but not in both ways The phrases furthermore are assigned to certain categories, and this information may be represented by putting labels on the brackets.
Take, for example, the sentence (3): In (3), the string underlying we is assigned to the same category as the string underlying This underlying representation will be abstractin a sense that we will later describe in detail.
For example, although the formative boy is always represented phonetically with a back vowel, we will present evidence
. showing that it should be represented in surface structurethat is, before the phonological rules applywith a front vowel.
For discussion of this matter, which we will exclude from consideration henceforth, see Section IV of
Fodor and Katz (1964), and pages 148 If. of Chomsky (1965), as well as many other references.
For recent discussion, see Katz and Postal (1964) and Chomsky (1965). telegraphic communication, namely, to the category noun phrase.
Similarly, the other We will make the empirical assumption that the surface structure of a sentence is precisely a proper bracketing of a string of formatives, with the bracketed substrings (the phrases) assigned to categories selected from a certain fixed universal set of categories.
The complete string is assigned to the category sentence(S); the other phrases are also assigned to categories that are provided by general linguistic theory, such as the categories noun phrase (NP) and verb phrase (VP).
These universal categories are on a par with the phonetic categories (bilabial closure, frontness, etc.) provided by universal phonetic theory.
As we noted earlier, the categories of universal phonetic theory determine a certain infinite class of possible phonetic representations from which the phonetic forms of sentences of any human language are drawn.
Similarly, the universal set of phrase categories (NP, VP, etc.), together with the universal lexical categories (noun, verb, adjective) and the universal lexical features that define the class of possible formatives, provides us with an infinite class of possible surface structures, from which the surface structures of sentences of any particular language are drawn.
In other words, general linguistics should provide definitions, in terms independent of any particular language, for the notions possible phonetic representation and possible surface structure.
The grammar of each language relates phonetic representations to surface structures in a specific way; and, furthermore, it relates surface structures to deep structures, and, indirectly, to semantic interpretations, in ways that are beyond the scope of our present study.
To give a concrete example, the grammar of English might assign to the sentence (3) a surface structure which can be represented in the equivalent forms (4) and (5):5 I:s [NP [N+ we+ ]N ]NP [VP [v [v+establish+ ]v +past +]v [NP l:A IN+tele+ Once again (see note 1), we omit details which are irrelevant here.
We assume, for the purposes of this example, that the formatives are we, establish, past, tete, graph, ic, communicate, ion.
T~e node labeled A represents the lexical category.. adjective; the other labels have been mentioned previously.
The interpretation of the notational devices used in (4) and (5) should be obvious.
We intend these representations to indicate that the formative we is both an N and an NP, the formative establish a V, the formative string tele graph an N, the formative string tele graph ic , communicate ion an NP, the full string an S, etc.
Furthermore, each formative has an analysis as a set of intersecting categories, in a way that we shall specify in more detail To recapitulate, we presuppose, for our description of English sound patterns, a grammar with a syntactic component that assigns to each sentence a surface structure such as (4)(5), that is, a proper labeled bracketing of a string of formatives.
Our main concern here will be the , phonological component, that is, the system of rules that applies to a surface structure and assigns to it a certain phonetic representation drawn from the universal class provided by general linguistic theory.
In particular, the phonological rules of English must assign to the surface structure (4)(5) a phonetic representation much like (6): The phonetic representation (6), corresponding to the underlying surface structure (4)(5), is a feature matrix of the sort described earlier.
In the surface structure, the individual formatives (for example, the lexical formatives we, establish, tele, graph, communicate, and the grammatical formatives past, ic, ion) will themselves be represented as feature matrices of an abstract sort, and we must now say a few words about this kind of representation.
We shall use the term lexical representation in reference to formatives which are provided directly by the lexicon, i.e., the lexical formatives as well as certain grammatical formatives which happen to appear in lexical entries.
There may be other grammatical formatives introduced directly by the syntactic rules themselves.
Thus the syntactic rules and the lexicon, applied in a manner that does not concern us here, provide for each utterance a representation as a string of formatives with surface structure.
Notice, however, that the surface structure must meet two independent conditions: first, it must be appropriate for the rules of phonological interpretation; second, it must be syntactically motivated, that is, it must result from the application of independently motivated syntactic rules.
Thus we have two concepts of surface structure: input to the phonological component and output of the syntactic component.
It is an empirical question whether these two concepts coincide.
In fact, they do coincide to a very significant degree, but there are also certain discrepancies.
These discrepancies, some of which we discuss as we proceed, indicate that the grammar must contain certain rules converting the surface structures generated by the syntactic component into a form appropriate for use by the phonological component.
In particular, if a linguistic expression reaches a certain level of complexity, it will be divided into successive parts that we will call phonological phrases, each of which is a maximal domain for phonological processes.
In simple cases the whole sentence is a single phonological phrtse; in more complex cases the sentence may be reanalyzed as a sequence of phonological phrases.
The analysis into phonological phrases Since in representations such as (4) the category labels are placed above the elements in the string that belong to these categories, one frequently Speaksof the category as.. dominating a string or a part of a string.
Thus, with respect to (4), we will say both that we is an N and that we is dominated by N. depends in part on syntactic structure, but it is not always syntactically motivated in the sense just mentioned.
If the syntactic component were to be connected to an orthographic rather than a phonetic output system, the reanalysis into phonological phrases would be unnecessary.
Writers, unlike speakers, do not run out of breath, and are not subject to other physiological constraints on output that require an analysis into phonological phrases.
In addition to a reanalysis into phonological phrases in complex cases, the readjustment rules relating syntax to phonology make various other modifications in surface structures.
It seems that in general these modifications involve elimination of structure, that is, deletion of nodes in representations such as (4) or of paired brackets in representations such as (5).
One can easily imagine why this should be so.
Reasoning along lines suggested in Miller and Chomsky (1963, Part 2), let us suppose that perception involves a twostage memory.
The first stage is a shortterm system quite limited in capacity and operating in real time in the sense that it must remain available for receiving the incoming signal, and the second stage is a very large system that operates on information supplied to it by the shortterm realtime system.
The shortterm first stage must provide an initial analysis of the signal that is just sufficient in detail to permit the secondstage system to derive the deep structure and semantic interpretation.
We might expect a language to be so designed that a very superficial analysis into phrases can be performed by a system with limited memory and heavy restrictions on access.
To relate this speculation to the discussion of surface structure, it appears that the syntactic component of the grammar generates a surface structure k which is converted, by readjustment rules that mark phonological phrases and delete structure, to a still more superficial structure k.
The latter then enters the phonological component of the grammar.
We might speculate, then, that a first stage of perceptual processing involves the recovery of k from the signal using only the restricted shortterm memory, and that a second stage provides the analysis into k and the deep structure that underlies it.
From this point of view, it would be natural to suppose that the readjustment rules that form k from k will have the effect of reducing structure.
It is, incidentally, worthy of note that the transformations that form surface structures from deep structures also characteristically have the effect of reducing structure, in a sense which
Let us return now to our discussion of lexical and phonological representations.
We have used the term lexical representation to refer to the representation of formatives provided by the lexicon.
As we have stated, however, the structures generated through the interaction of syntactic and lexical rules are not quite appropriate, in certain cases, for the application of the rules of the phonological component.
They must be modified by certain readjustment rules (of a sort to which we will return in Chapter Eight, Section 6.5, noting, however, that our investigation of the effects of surface structure on phonetic representation has not yet reached a level of depth and complexity that requires a detailed, formal analysis of these processes).
These readjustment rules may somewhat modify the labeled bracketing of surface structure.
They may also construct new feature matrices for certain strings of lexical and grammatical formatives.
To take an obvious example, the verb sing will appear in the lexicon as a certain feature matrix, as will the verb mend.
Using letters of the alphabet as informal abbreviations for certain complexes of features, i.e., certain columns of a feature matrix, we can represent the syntactically generated surface structure underlying the forms sang and mended as lv [ysing]y past]y and [y [ymend]y past]y, respectively,where past is a formative with an abstract feature structure introduced by syntactic rules.
The readjustment rules would replace past by d, as a general rule; but, in the case of sang, would delete the item past with the associated labeled brackets, and would add to the i of sing a feature specification indicating that it is subject to a later phonological rule which, among other things, happens to convert i to reo Designating this new column as *, the readjustment rules would therefore give the forms [ys*ng]y and [y [ymend]y d]y, respectively.
We shall refer to this representationand in general to the representation given by the application of Other terms that might have been used in place of the terms just proposed are avoided these terms, however, because of the technical meaning they have been given in various theories of sound structure developed in modern linguistics.
The term morphophonemic representation seems to us appropriate only if there is another linguistically significant level of representation, intermediate in abstractness between lexical (phonological) and phonetic and meeting the conditions placed on phonemic representation in modern structural linguistics.
We feel, however, that the existence of such a level has not been demonstrated and that there are strong reasons to doubt its existence.
We will make no further mention of phonemic analysis or phonemes in this study and will also avoid terms such as morphophonemic which imply the existence of a phonemic level.
Notice that the issue in this case is not terminological but rather substantive; the issue is whether the rules of a grammar must be so constrained as to provide, at a certain stage of generation, a system of representation meeting various proposed conditions.
The references in note 9 explain our position, and we will say no more about the matter here.
We have said that the underlying representations, lexical as well as phonological, are abstract as compared with phonetic representations, although both are given in terms of phonetic features.
The meaning of this remark will become clearer as we proceed.
There is, however, one very obvious sense in which the underlying representations are more abstract than the phonetic representations.
Consider, for example, the word telegraph.
This has It is quite obvious, however, that this phonetic variation is not fortuitousit is not of the See Miller and Chomsky (1963).
See also Ross (1967) for further relevant observations of a different
8 See Bierwisch (1966)for a very interesting study of readjustment rules of the sort mentioned here.
We have presented our reasons for doubting the existence of a phonemic level, in the sense of modern linguistics, in various places.
See Halle (1929), Chomsky (1964, 1966b), and Chomsky and Halle (1965), as well as Postal (1962, 1968), for argumen~ that seem to us fully convincing.
Notice that in the sentence (6) it has still another representation because of the stress modifications that Stress levels are indicated here and throughout by numerals, with 1 representing primary stress,.. 2  representing secondary stress, etc. (See also note 3 in Chapter Two on this subject.) same type as the variation between I and we, which depends on specific assignment of the latter to the category of plurality.
Given the grammar of English, if we delete specific reference to the item we, there is no way to predict the phonetic form of the plural variant of 1.
On the other hand, the rules for English grammar certainly do sufficeto determine the phonetic variation of telegraph without specificmention of this lexical item, just as they suffice to predict the regular variation between cat and cats without specificallymentioning the plural form.
It is quite obvious that English grammar is complicated by the fortuitous variation between I and we but not by the totally predictable variation between cat and cats.
Similarly, the grammar would be more complicated if telegraph did not undergo precisely the variation in (7)(9): if, for example, it had one phonetic form in all contexts, or if it had the form (7) in the context ie, (8) in the context y, and (9) in isolation.
In short, the phonetic variation of telegraph in certain contexts is not an idiosyncratic property of this particular lexical item but is rather a matter of general rule, applying to many other lexical items as well.
Regular variations such as this are not matters for the lexicon, which should contain only idiosyncratic properties of items, properties not predictable by general rule.
The lexical entry for telegraph must contain just enough information for the rules of English phonology to determine its phonetic form in each context; since the variation is fully determined, the lexical entry must contain no indication of the effect of context on the phonetic form.
In fact, as we shall see, the lexical representation for the where each of the symbols t, e,... is to be understood as an informal abbreviation for a certain set of phonological categories (distinctive features):12 category (e.g., sentence, noun phrase, verb phrase) automatically carries a boundary symbol # to the left and to the right of the string that belongs to it (i.e., that it dominates, in tree representations such as (4), or that it brackets, in bracket representations such as (5)).
In addition, the lexical entry will provide the other idiosyncratic syntactic information represented in
(4)(5), namely, the information that graph is a stem and telegraph is a noun.
One additional aspect of surface structure is crucial for our discussion.
We will see that the phonological rules fall into two very different classes.
Certain of these rules apply freely to phrases of any size, up to the level of the phonological phrase; others apply only to words.
We must therefore assume that the surface structure of an utterance provides an analysis into a sequence of words.
For example, the sentence (3), we established telegraphic communication, will be analyzed by its surface structure into the four successive words we, establishspast, telesgraphsic, communicatesion.
The rules that form surface structure (or, perhaps, the readjustment rules discussed above) must provide this information, since it is required for the correct application of the rules of the phonological component of the As a first approximation to the problem of analysis into words, let us assume that each lexical category (e.g., noun, verb, adjective) and each category that dominates a lexical Thus the lexical representation is abstract in a very clear sense; it relates to the signal only indirectly, through the medium of the rules of phonological interpretation that apply to it as determined by its intrinsic abstract representation and the surface structures in An analogous argument can readily be constructed for the abstract nature of the phonological representations, i.e., those representations that are determined from lexical representations by application of certain readjustment rules (and which, for the most part, # # #we# # # # # establish # past # # # #tele+graph# ic # # # communicate # ion # # # # Let us tentatively define a word as a string of formatives (one or more) contained in the context # # # # and containing no occurrences of # #.13 Thus the words in (11) are we, establishs.past, tele+graph#ic, and communicate a ion, as required.
The principle just stated can be regarded, tentatively, as a universal principle for the interpretation of surface structures, and, as a first approximation, it works quite well.
Among the readjustment rules discussed above, there will be some that modify the representation provided by this interpretive principle in ad hoc ways.
For example, we shall see that although the boundary # is appropriate in establishs ed, as distinct from ordinary formative boundary (which we have been representing as +), it must be replaced by ordinary formative boundary in telesgraph a ic and communicate e ion, for reasons having to do with the applicability of To recapitulate, the rules of syntax will generate surface structures and a universal principle of interpretation will assign the boundary symbol # in certain places.
The readjustment rules will modify the surface structure in various ad hoc ways, demarcating it into phonological phrases, eliminating some structure, and replacing some occurrences of # by +.
The abstract object thus constructed (which we will also refer to as a surface structure, or, if more explicitness is necessary, a phonological surface structure, to contrast it with the syntactic surface structure generated by the syntactic component) enters the phonological component of the grammar and is converted by the phonological rules into a phonetic representation, in way~ that we will specify in detail as we proceed.
Certain of the phonological rules will apply only to words; others will apply freely to strings of formatives which may be words or subparts of words, or phrases that include words.
We will find it convenient to use labeled bracketing such as (5) rather than tree diagrams such as (4) and (11) for the representation of surface structure in the presentation of phonological rules.
Since, by convention, every lexical category or category dominating a lexical category has # boundaries associated with it on the left and right, we will sometimes omit reference to these boundaries in the statement of rules.
For example, a rule of the form (12) is to be understood as applying to the string (13): Rule (12) states that an element of the type A is rewritten as a corresponding element of the type B when A appears in the context X Y (that is, with X to its left and Y to its right) and when the item in question is a verb, i.e., is dominated by V or, equivalently, is bracketed by [y ]y.
We will make these informal specifications more precise as we proceed.
The phonological component is a system of rules such as (12) that relates surface structures such as (11) to phonetic representations such as (6).
As we proceed in our discussion, we will propose various specific hypotheses regarding the detailed form of representations such as (11) and (6), and we will also make specific proposals concerning the system of phonological rules that assign a phonetic interpretation to each surface structure.
We have already suggested that a phonetic representation such as (6) is actually a feature matrix in which the rows correspond to a restricted set of universal phonetic categories or features (voicing, nasality, etc.) and the columns to successive segments.
We will propose further that such representations are mentally constructed by the speaker and the hearer.and underlie their actual performance in speaking and understanding.
We will consider the question of the relation between such phonetic representations and actual speech signals, and the steps by which such representations might be constructed by the hearer on the occasion of reception of a speech signal.
We have suggested, moreover, that each formative of the surface structure can also be represented as a feature matrix interpreted in a rather similar way, with rows corresponding to the universal phonetic and grammatical categories.
The formative structure is much more abstract, however; its relation to the speech signal is not as direct as that of the phonetic representation.
We will propose that the rules of the phonological component have a fixed form and a specific organization, that they apply in a fixed manner determined by the labeled bracketing of the surface structure, and that they meet various additional conditions depending on their formal relations.
These we propose as universal conditions, as aspects of general linguistic theory.
We will try to show how, on the basis of these assumptions, many particular With these remarks on background assumptions, we can proceed to the analysis of We turn here to the problem of how a surface structure of the sort described in the It is well known that English has complex prosodic contours involving many levels of stress and pitch! and intricate processes of vowel reduction.
It is clear even from a superficial examination that these contours are determined in some manner by the surface structure of the utterance.
Furthermore, it is natural to suppose that in general the phonetic shape of a complex unit (a phrase) will be determined by the inherent properties of its parts and the manner in which these parts are combined, and that similar rules will apply to units of different levels of complexity.
These observations suggest a general principle for the application of rules of the phonological component, namely, what we shall call the principle of the transformational cycle..
Regarding a surface structure as a labeled bracketing (see representation (5) in Chapter One), we assume as a general principle that the phonological rules first apply to the maximal strings that contain no brackets, and that after all relevant rules have applied, the innermost brackets are erased; the rules then reapply to maximal strings containing no brackets, and again innermost brackets are erased after this application; and so on, until the maximal domain of phonological processes is reached.
In terms of the tree representation of a surface structure (see representation (4) in Chapter One), the rules apply to a string dominated by a particular node A only after they have already applied to the strings dominated by each of the nodes dominated by A.!he actual operati?n of the tr~sformational cycle can now be illustrated with some sunple examples.
It IS clear, first of all, that there are at least two processes of stress
As we explained in the Preface, we will have nothing to say about pitch in this study.
This principle was first formulated in ChomsRY, Halle, Lukoff (1956) in a slightly different but equivalent terminology.
It has since been applied to phonetic study of a variety of different languages: French
(Schane, 1965), Russian (Halle, 1963, Lightne~; 1965a), Japanese (McCawley, 1965). assignment in English.
Thus bl~ckb;ard,3 with a falling stress contour, must be distinguished from bl~ck b;ard, with a rising contour.
The elementary constituents, black, an adjective, and board, a noun, are the same in both cases; the difference lies in the way these constituents are combined, as reflected in their different surface structures, shown here in the two position, then all other stresses in the string under consideration at that point are automatically weakened by one.
We can now state the following two rules: Applying this rule to the structures of (1) and then erasing innermost brackets in accordance with the principle of the transformational cycle, we have, in the bracket notation, the We must now apply rules that weaken the rightmost primary stress in case (3a) and that weaken the leftmost primary stress in case (3b).
For many reasons, it is necessary to state the rules that determine stress contours as rules of placement of primary stress, rather than as rules of stress weakening.
We will therefore formulate the rules that apply to (3) as processes that place primary stress on the leftmost and the rightmost syllables, respectively, and we will adopt the following convention ; when primary stress is placed in a certain In case (1a), where the entire phrase belongs to the category noun, the phonological rules must give the contour 13; in case (1b), where it belongs to the category noun phrase, the rules must give the contour 21.
According to the principle of the transformational cycle, the phonological rules apply first to the strings dominated by A and by N, the lowestlevel categorial nodes of (1); in other words, the rules apply first to black and to board.
In isolation, each of these would receive primary stress.
We therefore might propose the rule: Assign primary stress to a primarystressed vowel in the context Assign primary stress to a primarystressed vowel in the context In rules (4) and (5), the symbol V stands for vowel, and V stands for a vowel with primary stress.
The dash indicates the position of the segment to which the rule applies.
Thus rule (4) assigns primary stress to a primarystressed vowel which is followed by another primarystressed vowel in a noun, and rule (5) assigns primary stress to a primarystressed vowel which is preceded by another primarystressed vowel in a noun phrase.
By the convention stated above, the actual effect of these rules is to weaken the other stresses in the string to which the rule applies.
Thus, applying rule (4) to (3a), we derive the representation
(6a); applying rule (5) to (3b), we derive the representation (6b).
There are various conventions in use for marking stress, which, at least in part, appear to differ in factual content.
We return to this matter later.
Here, as mentioned in Chapter One, note 11, in place of the conventional symbols,   for primary, secondary, tertiary, and quaternary (zero) stress, respectively, we will simply use numerals, starting with 1 for primary stress.
It should be kept in mind that the numbers go down as the stress goes up, admittedly a disadvantage of this notation.
To minimize confusion, we will speak of strengthening and weakening stress, rather than of increasing and decreasing it.
We will refer to (4) as the Compound Rule and to (5) as the Nuclear Stress Rule.
It is important to observe that rules (4) and (5) make use of the bracketing given in the surface structure for their proper cyclic operation, and that the labels on the brackets, that is, the syntactic categories indicated in the surface structure, are necessary for determining the correct application of the rules.
To derive the stress contour for blackboard, we must apply still another rule, weakening the secondary stress on the second syllable to tertiary.
This process can be formulated in the following way (with Co standing for a string of zero or more consonants): Application of rule (7) to (6a) gives the desired stress pattern 13 by the conventions established above; primary stress is placed on the first syllable, and the stress on the second Clearly, both the Compound Rule and the Nuclear Stress Rule are of much greater generality than is indicated by the formulation we have given.
Thus, rule (4) actually applies not only to compound nouns such as blackboard, but also to compound adjectives (heart3 broken) and compound verbs (aircondition).
It must therefore be extended to lexical categories in general.
Similarly, the Nuclear Stress Rule applies not only to noun phrases, but to any phrase which is not a lexical categoryfor example, to verb phrases (re~d the book), to adjective phrases (eager to please), and to whole sentences (John left).
We therefore replace rules (4) and (5) by the formulations (8) and (9): Assign primary stress to a primarystressed vowel in the context Assign primary stress to a primarystressed vowel in the context where ] stands for a bracket with any label except N, A, or V.
We can make the notion  except precise in a very simple way, namely, by requiring that the rules (8) and (9) apply in the order given.
We can then take ct. in (9) to be simply a variable ranging over all categories.
If rule (8) has applied, the resulting string will contain just one primary stress and thus will not fit the required context for (9).
Therefore (9) will never apply when ct. = N, A, Using familiar notations, we can now formulate the Compound and Nuclear Stress In rule (10), we suppress the variable a.
We interpret the rule as a sequence of two rules in accordance with the following quite general convention: a rule of the form abbreviation for a sequence of rules of the form (12).
Neither of these statements is a necessary truth; each represents an interesting and, for the present, reasonably wellconfirmed empirical hypothesis.
With the modification already stated as the principle of the transformational cycle, we will accept the empirical hypothesis This fact is so~etimes overlooked in the case of (13).
To illustrate the empirical character of (13), consider L 2 , L 3 , each containing the phonological segments A, B, X, Yand the leX1:a1 entnes ABY, BAX.
Suppose, furthermore, that in each of these languages it is a fact that B is realtzed as X before Yand that A is realized as Ybefore X.
Thus the grammars contain the rules (ex) and It is always possible to order the rules in a sequence and to adhere strictly to this ordering in constructing derivations without any loss of generality as compared to an unordered set of rules or a set ordered on a different principle.
Such linear ordering makes it possible to formulate grammatical processes that
We shall see later that certain qualifications are necessary in the formulation of (13) and (14).
The observations (13), (14) are implicit in Bloomfields Menomini Morphophonemics (1939).
In Bever (1967), it is shown that the depth of ordering of Bloomfields grammatical description is at least eleven. that is from the linear sequence of rules constituting this grammar, a subsequence of eleven rules can beextracted with the property that the grammar becomes more complex if any two successive rules of this subsequence are interchanged in the ordering.
In this same sense of depth of ordering, a depth of at can be accounted for by letting the rules (ex) and «(3) apply in different orders: In L 1 (ex) precedes «(3); m L 2 «(3) precedes (ex).
Then in L 1 we will have the derivations of (l) for the lexical entries ABYand BAX, and in L 2 we will have the derivations of (II) for the same lexical entries: The i l b rule of (12) is interpreted as stating that any symbol meeting the condition X acquires the features listed as Y when it is in a context meeting the condition Zi· In accordance with these conventions, which will be generalized as we proceed, the rules (lOa)(lOb) have The rules so far discussed illustrate two general observations that have proven valid in every careful study of phonological processes that has so far been undertaken Suppose now that the lexical entries AB Y and BAX are realized phonetically in the following ways in Hence the hypothetical languages L 1 and L 2 support the empirical generalizations (13) and (14).
However the facts of L 3• cannot be ac~ou~ted for in this fashion.
As we have just seen, neither the ordering (ex), «(3) nor the ordering «(3), (ex) will give the result required, namely, that ABY is realized as AXYand that
BAXis realized as BYx..
Nevertheless, rules (ex) and «(3) state the facts in the simplest and most general way.
Therefore ~h.e hypothetl~llanguag~ L 3 refutes the empirical hypothesis (13).
In fact, L 3 supports a diff~rent empirical hypothesis concerrung rule ordering, namely, that rules be unordered and that they apply simultaneously, so that each derivation has only two steps.
With this convention (call it the simultaneous application convention), we have the derivations (Ill), as required for L 3 : The sim~ltaneo.us application hypothesis was first made explicit by Z.
S.
Harris (1951, Appendix to §14.32), In a dls~usslon of an example from Bloomfield (1939) in which statement (13) was explicitly assumed.
It has ~mce been restated several times by Lamb (1964 and elsewhere), who, however, introduced a. new el.ement mto the discussion by his assumption that the simultaneous application hypothesis is slm~ler.
In s?me absolute sense, than the hypothesis that rules apply in sequence, in a fixed order.
We see no justification for sU~h a~sumPtions about an absolute sense of simplicity, in this case, nor any rele;ance.to such assumptions If they can be given sense.
The issue seems to us an empirical one; that is, the Issue IS whether the case posited in the hypothetical language L 3 actually is representative of natural lan~uage.
So far as v:e kn?w, i.t is not.
On the contrary, the empirical evidence in natural language rules against the hypothetical situation of L 3 , and therefore against the simultaneous application hypothesis and m favor of the hypotheses (13), (14).
We shall have more to say about this matter as we proceed.
In fact, we shal~ n~te that there are situations, fo~ally well defined, in which something like the simultaneous a~phcatlOn. hypothesis is correct, e.g., in the case of rules that switch values of a feature. (See
Chapter EIght, Sections 3,4.) Thus the situation is complex, but, we think, quite clear.
For further discussion, see Chomsky (19.6,4,!f4.2; 1967) and Chomsky and Halle (1965). that the rules are linearly ordered as the basis for the work to be presented here, and will give many examples that support this hypothesis.
We assume, then, the following principles: (a) The rules of the phonological component are linearly ordered in a sequence
Each rule applies to a maximal string containing no internal brackets.
After applying the rule R no we proceed to the rule R I • Unless an application of RIJ intervenes, the rule R j cannot be applied after the gives us the following derivations (with all occurrences of # suppressed): The rules involved here are, however, transformations of a very narrow and restricted class, the class 7 Observe that the interpretive semantic rules must apply in accordance with essentially the same principle as the one stated here for the phonological rules, as has been pointed out by Fodor and Katz (1963) and by Katz and Postal (1964).
The basic semantic. rules apply to deep structures rather than to surface structures, however.
In a sense the transformational syntactic rules also meet a similar cyclic condition.
See 8 Phoneticians might vary slightly in their description of the contours for these phrases.
Whether these dIScrepancies are a matter of fact or of convention is a question to which we will return below.
In any event, the matter is of little importance for the present.
Our rules could be slightly modified to accommodate different decisions.
For example, a slight revision of rule (7) would provide the contour 313 instead of The joint effect of these principles is that the rules apply in a linear sequence to a minimal phrase of the surface structure, then reapply in the same sequence to the next larger phrase of the surface structure, and so on.
When we speak of the principle of the transformational cycle, we are referring to the empirical hypothesis (15).
The statement of principle (l5) is not yet sufficiently precise to resolve all questions as to how rules apply, and we In the technical terminology of the theory of generative grammar, the term grammatical transformation refers to a rule that applies to a string of symbols by virtue of some categorial representation of this string.
We use the term transformational in referring to the principle just established since the rules in the cycle are transformational in the usual sense; that is, the domain of their applicability and the manner in which they apply is determined by the phrase structure of a string, not just by the sequence of elementary symbols of which the string is constituted.
More specifically, the application of the cyclical rules depends not only upon the formatives in the surface structure but also upon the way they are categorized.
For example, the specification of N, A, or V is necessary for determining the applicability of the Compound Rule.
Notice, once again, that the principle of the transformational cycle is a very natural one.
What it asserts, intuitively, is that the form of a complex expression is determined by a fixed set of processes that take account of the form of its parts.
This is precisely what one would expect of an interpretive principle that applies to phrase markers, in this case, Returning now to actual examples, let us consider the more complex phrases black boarderaser ( board eraser that is black ), blackboard eraser ( eraser for a blackboard ), and black board eraser ( eraser of a black board ), with the stress contours 213, 132, and 312, respectively.P Application of the rules discussed to the surface structure of these forms These derivations illustrate the expository conventions that we will use henceforth.
Let us In the case of (l6a), in the first cycle primary stress is placed on the minimal phrases black and board, which are monosyllables and therefore subject to rule (2).
Also in the first cycle, primary stress is placed on eraser by a rule which we have not yet presented.
Innermost brackets are then erased, and we return to the first of the linear sequence of transformational rules.
The string now under consideration is (17), this being the only maximal string of (16a) which, at this point in the derivation, contains no internal brackets.
Rule (lOa), the Compound Rule, is applicable to (l7), and assigns primary stress on the first word, giving the stress contour 12 for this string by the conventions established previously.
Since (lOb) is inapplicable, we conclude this cycle, erasing innermost brackets.
Rule (lOa) is not applicable to this string, so we turn to rule (lOb), the Nuclear Stress Rule, which assigns primary stress to board,reakening all other stresses in (18) by one.
This gives the contour 213 as the final line of derivation (16a).
The derivation (16b) has the same first cycle as (l6a), but for the second cycle, the. string under consideration is the nouIl;iblackboard rather than the noun boarderaser.
The Compound Rule assigns to this noun the contour 12.
Erasing innermost brackets, we proceed to the next cycle, considering now the noun blackboard eraser (whereas at the analogous stage of the derivation (16a), we considered the noun phrase black boarderaser).
Being a noun, this string is subject to the Compound Rule, so that primary stress is placed on the Now consider the derivation (l6c).
The first cycle is exactly the same as in the other two derivations of (16).
But in the second cycle we consider not the noun boarderaser, as in (l6a), nor the noun blackboard, as in (16b), but the noun phrase black board, meaning board that is black.
To this, only the Nuclear Stress Rule applies, placing primary stress on the second word.
This concludes the second cycle.
In the third cycle we consider the noun black board eraser, which at this stage has the contour 211.
The Compound Rule (lOa) applies to this string, assigning primary stress to the leftmost primarystressed vowel and weakening all the others.
This gives the desired contour 312. 9 To illustrate the transformational cycle with one more example, consider the noun phrase Johns blackboard eraser, which undergoes the following derivation (where D stands The phrase blackboard eraser undergoes the threecycle derivation (16b); the determiner Johns receives its primary stress on the first cycle.
In the fourth cycle, the string under consideration is the noun phrase Johns blackboard eraser, with the stress contour 1132.
The Nuclear Stress Rule assigns primary stress to the rightmost primarystressed vowel, weakening all others, and giving the stress contour 2143. 1 0 Suppose that the phrase Johns blackboard eraser appears in the context was stolen.
The whole phrase in this case is a sentence, i.e., is bounded by [s... ]s.
The word stolen will receive primary stress on the first cycle, and Johns blackboard eraser will have the derivation (19).
In the final cycle, at the level of [s... ]s, primary stress will be placed on stolen by the Nuclear Stress Rule, giving Johns blackboard eraser was stolen.i.
Though examples (16a) and (l6c) may appear somewhat artificial, the reality of the syntactic patterns they illustrate can hardly be doubted.
They appear, for example, in such phrases as American historyteacher, meaning American teacher of history, which is analogous to (l6a) and has the same stress contour 213; and in Americanhistory teacher meaning teacher of American history, which is analogous to (l6c) and also has the stress contour 312 (or 313see note 8).
We assume here that the word American receivesprimary stress on the second syllable, although we have not yet given the rules that determine this.
Similarly, the phrases civil rights bill and excess profits tax are of the form illustrated in (l6c), whereas uncivil game warden or excessive profits tax are of the form illustrated in (l6a).
There are many other exact or near minimal pairs, e.g., civil engineering student ( student of civil engineering or polite student of engineering ), small boys school ( school for small boys or boys school that is small ). 11 See note 8.
To prevent was from receiving primary stress by rule (2), we restrict this rule, as a first approximation, to the lexical categories, namely, noun, adjective, verb.
We assume, on syntactic grounds, that the auxiliary be is not introduced as a member of a lexical category.
Suppose that the phrase Johns blackboard eraser appears in the context take, the whole constituting a sentence (in this case, an imperative).
The word take receives primary stress and Johns blackboard eraser receives the contour 2143 by the derivation (l9).
In the final stage of the cycle, the Nuclear Stress Rule (lOb) places primary stress on black, giving the final contour 23154.
These examples show how complex and varied phonetic representations are determined by very simple rules when the principle of the transformational cycle is presupposed; in other words, they illustrate the kind of evidence that can be offered in support of the hypothesis that it is the principle of the transformational cycle that underlies the phonetic interpretation of utterances.
Observe that no rules at all are needed beyond those required for the most elementary phrases.
The interplay of these rules in more complex phrases is determined by the principle of the transformational cycle, which is, it should be noted, not a rule of English grammar but rather a general principle governing the applicability of Notice that the rules, as presented, assign a different internal stress contour to the phrase Johns blackboard eraser depending upon whether it appears in subject or object position in the surface structure.
In subject position, as in the context was stolen, the contour of the phrase is 3254, with the same internal relations of stress as in the phrase in isolation, though weakened in each case by one degree.
In object position, on the other hand, as in the context take, the contour of the phrase is 3154, with internal relations that are different from those of the phrase in isolation.
Similarly, a simple adjectivenoun construction such as sad plight will have the contour 21 in isolation, the contour 32 in the context hisshocked us, and the contour 31, with different internal relations, in consider his.
As the structure of the sentence becomes more complex, the internal relations of stress within a phrase of this sort will continually be modified.
Thus in the sentence my friend cant help being shocked at anyone who would fail to consider his sad plight, the surface structure might indicate that the word plight terminates no less than seven phrases to which the Nuclear Stress Rule applies, so that successive applications of this rule would give the contour sad plight.
Presumably, the actual internal relations of stress in sad plight are the same, in this case, as in consider his sad plight, or even in sadplight in In connection with this problem, several comments are called for.
First, it is very likely that certain readjustment rules of the sort mentioned in Chapter One, page 10, must be applied to surface structures before the application of phonological rules, deleting structure and restricting the number of applications of the transformational cycle (and, consequently, the fineness of stress differentiation).
Second, it is necessary to formulate a principle for interpretation of phonetic representations that nullifies distinctions that go beyond a certain degree of refinement.
Third, there may very well be additional principles that modify the convention weakening stress when primary stress is placed in a complex construction.
Finally, it is necessary to take note of the qualifications with respect to phonetic representation in general that we discuss in the next section.
Before leaving the topic of stress contours within phrases, we should make it quite clear that the rules discussed above givetccurate results only for very simple constructions.
We have not investigated the problem ofrdetermining the stress contours of complex phrases of varying syntactic types; our investigation,has been limited to the very restricted types of constructions that have been discussed iIfithJ literature on English phonetics and phonology of the past several decades.
There is, for the moment, little useful data on more complex constructions.
Such observations as have been made suggest that the problem of extending this description to a wider class of cases may be nontrivial.
For example, Stanley Newman, in his important article on English intonation (1946), points out that in the sentence he has plans to leave, the contour on plans to leave is rising if the meaning is, roughly, he intends to leave, but is falling if the meaning is he has documents to leave.
It is not at all clear what features of syntactic structure determine this difference.
Another class of phenomena not accounted for are those involving obligatory contrastive stress (sometimes stress shift) as determined by syntactic parallelism, as in such sentences as he wanted to study electrical rather than civil engineering, or instead of encouraging the teacher to make the work interesting, the school administrators actually discourage her.
Many other problems can be cited, all indicating that many questions of fact and, perhaps, of principle still remain unresolved Utilizing the principle of the transformational cycle, the speaker of English can determine the phonetic shape of an utterance on the basis of such rules as the Compound and Nuclear Stress Rules, even though the particular utterance may be quite new to him.
He need not deal with the stress contour as a property of the utterance independent, in whole or in part, of its syntactic organization.
There is no doubt that stress contours and many other phonetic properties are determined for new utterances with quite a bit of consistency among speakers.
This is a fact that must be accounted for by an empirically adequate grammar.
In the case of English we can approach an explanation by incorporating in the grammar such rules as the Compound and Nuclear Stress Rules and by postulating the principle of the transformational cycle.
Before going on to investigate the rules of English in greater detail, let us briefly consider the question of how these rules and the general principles that govern their We might suppose, on the basis of what has been suggested so far, that a correct description of perceptual processes would be something like this.
The hearer makes use of certain cues and certain expectations to determine the syntactic structure and semantic content of an utterance.
Given a hypothesis as to its syntactic structurein particular its surface structurehe uses the phonological principles that he controls to determine a phonetic shape.
The hypothesis will then be accepted if it is not too radically at variance with the acoustic material, where the range of permitted discrepancy may vary widely with conditions and many individual factors.
Given acceptance of such a hypothesis, what the hearer hears is what is internally generated by the rules.
That is, he will hear the phonetic shape determined by the postulated syntactic structure and the internalized Among the internalized rules are some that are particular to the language in question and thus must have been learned; there are others that simply playa role in setting the conditions on the content of linguistic experience.
In the present case, it would be reasonable to suggest that the Compound and Nuclear Stress Rules are learned, while the principle of the transformational cycle, being well beyond the bounds of any conceivable method of  learning, is one of the conditions, intrinsic to the languageacquisition system, that determines the form of the language acquired.
If this assumption is correct, we would expect the principle of the transformational cycle to be a linguistic universal, that is, to be consistent with the empirical facts for all human languages ;12 the Compound and Nuclear Stress Rules, We do not doubt that the stress contours and other phonetic facts that are recorded by careful phoneticians and that we will study here constitute some sort of perceptual reality for those who know the language in question.
In fact we are suggesting a principled explanation for this conclusion.
A person who knows the language should hear the predicted phonetic shapes.
In particular, the careful and sophisticated impressionistic phoneticianwho knows the language should be able to bring this perceptual reality to the level of awareness, and there is ample evidence that phoneticians are capable of doing this.
We take for granted, then, that phonetic representations describe a perceptual reality.
Our problem is to provide an explanation for this fact.
Notice, however, that there is nothing to suggest that these phonetic representations also describe a physical or acoustic reality in any detail.
For example, there is little reason to suppose that the perceived stress contour must represent some physical property of the U:tterance in a pointbypoint fashion; a speaker who utilizes the principle of the transformational cycle and the Compound and Nuclear Stress Rules should hear the stress contour of the utterance that he perceives and understands, whether or not it is physically present in any detail.
In fact, there is no evidence from experimental phonetics to suggest that these contours are actually present as physical properties of utterances in anything like the detail with which they are perceived.
Accordingly, there seems to be no reason to suppose that a welltrained phonetician could detect such contours with any reliability or precision in a language that he does not know, a language for which he cannot determine the surface structure of utterances.
Considerations of this sort lead us to suspect that the question of how highly differentiated the stress contours in a representation should be is of little significance.
In a complex utterance with a rich surface structure, the rules outlined in the preceding section will lead to a stress contour of many levels.
There may be no empirical sense to the question of whether the resulting representation is correct in full detail.
Because of the completely impressionistic character of judgments of relative stress, decisions over a broad range are of little value.
It is not at all surprising that there should be great difficulty, within impressionistic phonetics, in determining how many stress levels should be marked and how they are distributed in utterances that exceed a certain degree of complexity.
The shape and the degree of differentiation of a stress contour are largely determined by obligatory rules and are therefore below the level of systematically significant representation.
Once the speaker has selected a sentence with a particular syntactic structure and certain lexical items (largely or completely unmarked for stress, as we shall see), the choice of stress contour is not a matter subject to further independent decision.P That is, he need not make a In one sense, a general principle counts as a linguistic universal if it is compatible with the facts for all linguists, of course, we are concerned not with principles that happen by accident to be universal III this sense, but rather with those that are universal in the domain of all possible human ~anguages, that is, those that are in effect preconditions for the acquisition of language. (See the discussion ill Chapter One, p, 4.) Such principles, and such alone, can serve to explain and account for the phenomena of particular languages.
The distinction in question is not easy to draw, but is no less crucial for this .
Noti~, incidentally, that the transformational cycle might apply vacuously in a certain language, In particular If the la~guage has very shallow wrface structure.
Thus a highly agglutinative language might be expected to offer little or no support for tl:i\l principle of the transformational cycle at least within the bo~nds of a word.
This, if true, would be entirely irrelevant to the status of this principle as a linguistic We assume that the position of emphatic stressis marked in the surface structure and we neglect matters that we have assigned to the theory of performance (see Chapter One, p. 3). choice among various stress phonemes or select one or another superfix.
With marginal exceptions, the choice of these is as completely determined as, for example, the degree of aspiration.
Similarly, a hearer who has grasped the structure and morphemic constitution of an utterance from a rough sampling of the physical input need not attend to stress variation, to whatever extent this may actually be a physical property of utterances.
It is to be expected that determined phonetic features should be quite difficult for the user of the language to learn to identify, whether they involve stress or degree of aspiration (where undoubtedly there are many levels, predictable, at least roughly, by general rulesj..
The apparent ease with which phoneticians trained in the same conventions can, to a large extent, agree on the assignment of four or five stresses in utterances may very well be traceable to their ability, as speakers of the language, to grasp the syntactic structure of utterances and to assign to them an ideal stress contour by the rules of the transformational cycle.
Such an achievement may have little to do with any physical fact.
This is, incidentally, a matter which should be subject to experimental investigation.P To summarize this discussion of phonetic representation, we do not doubt that representations of stress contours and similar predictable phenomena correspond, up to a point, to some perceptual reality that can be brought to consciousness with training and care.
That this must be true is shown by the fact that phoneticians trained in the same system of conventions can reach considerable agreement in transcribing novel utterances in languages that they know.
These perceptual facts may be of interest only to the extent that they provide data for testing empirical hypotheses such as the principle of the transformational cycle.
Accordingly, perceived stress contours are of very great linguistic interest since they offer evidence bearing on this hypothesis, whereas degree of aspiration will be of no linguistic interest if, as one might suspect, it is determined by principles of little depth or generality.
Furthermore, the representation of the perceptual facts is likely to be governed in part by arbitrary convention or irrelevant cognitive limitations after a certain degree of complexity is reached.
Thus, it is impossible to expect (and, for purposes of investigating linguistic structures, unnecessary to attain) a complete correspondence between the records of the impressionistic phonetician and what is predicted by a systematic theory that seeks to account for the perceptual facts that underlie these records.
Let us return now to the problem of how the phonological component of a grammar is organized, and the more specific matter of the rules of English phonology.
In the derivations given in Section 1, we did not provide rules for determining stress placement in the word eraser or, for that matter, in any word that is not a monosyllable (see rule (2)).
In fact, it is evident that eraser is itself a complex form based on the verb erase and an agentive As noted, there is no acoustic evidence to support the view that perceived stress contours correspond to a physically definable property of utterances.
However, even if such differentiations did exist along a single dimension of the acoustic signal, there would be some reason to doubt that they might be identified by phoneticians.
There is evidence that even under experimental conditions, where complex stimuli are to be sorted along several dimensions, more than two or three distinctions along each dimension will overload the perceptual capacity.
See Pollack and Ficks (1954) and Miller (1956).
P.
Lieberman (1965) has shown that a phonetician who is capable of describing a pitch contour with great accuracy in isolation may represent this very same contour quite differently when it is associated with an utterance of his language.
This strongly suggests that what the phonetician hears in utterances depends very heavily on internalized rules that predict perceived phonetic shape.
Similar results were affix.Thus, at the level where phonological rules of the kind we are now considering become applicable, the structure of this item is something like (20) :16 If the principle of the transformational cycle is perfectly general, then this word too should have more than one cycle in its derivation.
The rules should first apply to the underlying verb erase and then, in the next cycle, to the noun eraser.
The verb erase is bisyllabic, and we see that stress is placed on the second syllable.
As a first approximation to the rule of stress placement for lexical items, we can formulate the rule (21), which places primary stress on the final vowel of the string under consideration where this item is a noun, adjective, or verb.
The symbol Co, as before, stands for a string of zero or more consonants.
Notice that rule (21) now includes, as a special case, rule (2), which placed primary stress on the only, hence final, vowel of a monosyllabic item.
We can thus dispense with rule (2), and the rules of stress placement become rules (21), (lOa) and (lOb) (the Compound and Nuclear Stress Rules), and (7), which appears to be quite marginal.
There is a difficulty, however.
If these rules apply in a cycle, rule (21) will be applicable to nouns such as blackboard, blackboard eraser, and so on, incorrectly assigning primary stress to the final vowel.
We must therefore place some restriction on rule (21) to eliminate this possibility.
The simplest way to do this is to require that the string to which (21) is applied must contain no occurrences of the boundary #.
We therefore add to rule With rule (21) replacing rule (2), we have provided sufficientinformation to complete the derivations that were given as examples of the operation of the transformational cycle.
In the first stage, rule (21) applies to assign primary stress to the final vowel of each of the items black, board, John, erase.
The second cycle will be vacuous in the case of Johns or eraser, stress simply being reassigned to the stressed vowel..
Otherwise, the derivations The transformational cycle operates within word boundaries in a much more farreaching and extensive way than suggested by examples such as these.
In complex derivational forms, for example, it seems quite natural to suppose that the phonetic shape of the full form is determined by general rule from the ideal representation of its parts in much the same way as in syntactic constructions.
Investigation of English and other languages confirms this expectation and permits us to formulate the principle of the transformational cycle in full generality, applying to all surface structure whether internal or external to the word.
The word is, as we shall see,a significant phonological unit, but its unique properties do not lead to violation of the general principle of the transformational cycle.
We assume, then, that the cycle operates from the minimal units included in (or, in special cases, constituting) words up to the maximal domain of %honological processes, with no discontinuity.
On the placement of # boundaries, see Chapter One, pages 1214. 17 We shall see that the reason for the inapplicablllty of any rules in the second cycle of these forms is actually quite different from what is suggested here.
In both cases it is the # boundary preceding the affix which We have described the phonological component as a system of rules, organized in accordance with the principle of the transformational cycle, which maps surface structures into phonetic representations, where a surface structure is a labeled bracketing of a string of formatives.
Furthermore, we have been assuming that the formatives can themselves be regarded as strings, consisting of consonants and vowels.
The lexicon, which is a part of the syntactic component of the grammar, determines the intrinsic structure of a formative in terms of phonological properties: in particular, the lexicon determines how a formative is represented as a string of consonants and vowels.
We will refer to the consonants and vowels that constitute a formative as its segments.
The phonological rules modify the segmental structure of a string of formatives in accordance with the specified labeled bracketing.
At the termination of the transformational cycle, all labeled bracketing has been erased, and we are left with a string of phonological elements which we will also refer to as segments, in this case phonetic segments.
These segments too can be analyzed as consonants and vowels of various types.
We assume that linguistic theory includes a universal phonetic alphabetof a sort that we will later describe in detailwhich provides a uniform, languageindependent system for the representation of phonetic segments.
In brief, then, the phonological component maps a surface structure into a string of universal Let us for the moment assume a standard phonetic system for the representation of consonants and turn our attention to the system of English vowels.
For our immediate purposes, we may regard a formative as a string of consonants and vocalic nuclei.
The vocalic nuclei may be simple, as in the boldface positions of pit, pet, pat, put, putt, analyze.
We will use the phonetic symbols i, e, re, u, A, a, respectively, for these simple vocalic nuclei, delaying a more detailed analysis until later.
The segment represented as a will be referred to as the reduced vowel.
In addition to simple vocalic nuclei, there are complex vocalic nuclei, such as those that appear in the boldface positions in confide,feed,fade,feud, road, and others.
For the time being, we will use the symbols I, E, A, U, 0, respectively, for the complex nuclei of the cited forms; that is, we use each capital letter with its conventional name as its phonetic Following this convention, we will have quasiphonetic spellings such as the following: The representation of other vocalic nuclei and a more detailed analysis of all of these elements will concern us in later chapters.
We will discover, in fact, that the representations just proposed are somewhat more than a mere notational convenience.
In terms of the above notions, we can distinguish between weak clusters and  strong clusters in the following way.
A weak cluster is a string consisting of a simple vocalic nucleus followed by no more than one consonant; a strong cluster is a string consisting of either a vocalic nucleus followed by two or more consonants or a complex vocalic nucleus followed by any number of consonants.
In either case, the cluster is assumed to be followed either by a vowel or by the boundary symbol # (with possible intrusions of the boundary).
These definitions will be emended and made more precise later on.
Using the symbol S for a strong cluster and W for a weak cluster, we can see that the items of (23) are phonetically of the following form in terms of clusters (with initial We can now proceed to deepen the account of stress placement within words.
Rule (21), the only rule given so far that places stress within words, assigns primary stress to the final vowel of the string under consideration.
Thus it assigns primary stress to the final syllable of words such as evade, supreme, exist, absurd.
Observe, however, that all these examples have final strong clusters phonetically.
In fact, if a verb or adjective has a final weak cluster, then stress is placed on the penultimate rather than the final syllable.
Thus we have words such as relish, covet, develop, stolid, common, clandestine, all with penultimate stress and final weak clusters.I.
These observations suggest that rule (21) should be divided into two cases, the first assigning primary stress to the vowel preceding a final weak cluster, the second assigning primary stress to the final vowel of the string under consideration.
We can where X contains no internal occurrences of # (see condition (22)) and W is a weak cluster.
We interpret (25) as an abbreviation for two rules, in accordance with the general convention that a rule of the form (26), with a string in parentheses, is an abbreviation for the Or, perhaps, [ekl.lmenakal].
As indicated in the Preface, we will generally follow the phonetic representations of Kenyon and Knott, which agree quite well with our own normal speech in most respects.
Although there are some differences which we will comment on later, none of them are very crucial, and for the Exceptions to the rules we are now sketching will readily come to mind.
To a considerable extent they will be taken care of by the more careful formulation given in the next chapter.
Exceptions do remain,
Notice that the rule we are discussing here is, in effect, the familiar Latin stress rule. sequence of rules (27) (where either Z or Q contains): The order in (27) is crucial: in a sequence of rules abbreviated by the parenthesis notation, as in (26), the case (27a) that includes the string in parentheses is applicable before the case (27b) without the parenthesized string.
In accordance with these conventions, rule (25) is an abbreviation for the two rules (28a) and (28b), in that order: Words such as relish, develop, common, with final weak clusters, are subject to (28a) and receive penultimate stress.
Words such as evade, supreme, exist, with final strong clusters, are not subject to (28a) and receive stress on the final syllable by (28b).
There is one additional condition to be noted in connection with rule (25).
Suppose that we apply this rule to a word with a final weak cluster, such as edit.
By case (28a), primary stress is placed on the penultimate syllable, giving edit.
But then, by case (28b), primary stress will be shifted to the final syllable and the first syllable will be weakened to [2 stress], resulting in the incorrect form edit.
The simplest and most general way to avoid this is to establish a condition on the parenthesis convention itself.
In fact, in all descriptive work in generative grammar with which we are familiar, it has been tacitly assumed that in the case of a rule such as (26), the two subcases (27a) and (27b) are ordered not only as shown, but are disjunctively ordered, in the sense that if rule (27a) applies, then rule (27b) is not permitted to apply.
Thus a sequence of rules abbreviated in terms of the parenthesis notation constitutes a disjunctively ordered block; as soon as one of these rules is applied, the remaining rules are skipped within anyone cycle of a derivation.
We now establish this as a general convention with regard to the parenthesis notation, to be extended and generalized as we proceed.
We thus extend the general theory of the organization of a grammar expressed in the principle of the transformational cycle, by observing that certain subsequences of the linearly ordered rules may be disjunctively ordered.
To return to the rules we have been discussing, the two cases (28a) and (28b) abbreviated by (25) will be disjunctively ordered, and the difficulty noted at the beginning of this paragraph will not arise; once case (28a) has applied to give the correct form edit, then case (28b) is prevented, by the principle of disjunctive ordering, from applying to that form.
Like other general conditions on the organization of a grammar, the convention just proposed constitutes an empirical hypothesis subject to refutation by linguistic fact.
The hypothesis is, in this case, that if a sequence of rules is to be abbreviated by the parenthesis convention.e? then this sequence forms a disjunctively ordered block.
Obviously, this is The question of when a sequence of rules is to be abbreviated by the parenthesis convention is not a matter of choice but rather one of fact.
That is, the convention regarding parentheses is just one part of an evaluation procedure to be applied to grammars.
This procedure is perfectly general (languageindepen. dent) and performs the function of determining which of the grammars consistent with the data is to be selected as the grammar of the language for which the data provide a sample.
For discussion, see Chomsky The matter of defining.. optimal representation is nontrivial.
In the ensuing discussion we make certain tacit assumptions about.. optimality that will be explored further in Chapter Three, It is not to be expected that an absolutely crucial test case for this hypothesis will be very easy to come by.
In any real case, there will presumably be other aspects of a grammatical description which, if modified, will allow this hypothesis to be retained in the face of superficially disconfuming evidence.
This is the usual situation when an empirical hypothesis of such generality is at issue.
Still, it is quite clear what sort of evidence is relevant Returning now to the problem of stress assignment, we see at once that rule (25) requires refinement and elaboration if it is to account for the facts.
Each of the examples given to illustrate the rule contains just a single formative.
Where a word has an internal analysis in terms of formatives, rule (25) must apply in a slightly different way.
To see this, consider the derived forms personsal, theatrsicsal, anecdotsal, dialectsal.
If rule (25) were to apply directly to these forms, it would assign primary stress to the penultimate syllable (the final cluster al being weak), giving *pers~nal, *theatrfcal, anecd~tal, dial:ctal, only the last two of which are correct.
Notice that all four words would be assigned primary stress in the correct way by rule (25) if the affix al were excluded from consideration at the point when the rule is applied.
The residual forms personand theatric, with final weak clusters, would have primary stress assigned to their penultimate syllables by case (28a); the forms anecdOtand dialect, on the other hand, would be exempt from (28a) because of their strong final clusters and would instead have primary stress assigned to the final syllable by case (28b).
This observation is in fact quite general for affixes, and we therefore Clearly there is a generalization being missed by the formulation (29), for the obvious similarity between the two cases is not expressed.
To permit us to capture generalizations of this sort, we extend our notations to permit rules such as (30): In general, a rule of the form (31) can be regarded as an abbreviation for the rule (32), Following this convention, we interpret (30) as an abbreviation for (33), where Z and R This is now a rule of a familiar form.
Reapplying the convention that defines (31) in terms of (32), we interpret (33) as an abbreviation for (34): We will give more precise definitions of these notions in Chapter Eight.
For the present, one can think of rule (31) (equivalently, (32)) as stating thatja linguistic element of the form X is extended to contain the features Y(or is modified to contain YAf Y differs in some respect from X) when this element of the form X appears in a context of the form ZR.
There are ambiguities in this account; they will be resolved later, and are not of the sort that shouldlead to misunderstanding in the present context.
Thus, when Z and R are strings, the notation (30) is welldefined.
Suppose, however, that Z and R are not strings, but notations of any complexity, including braces, parentheses, and so on.
Then it would not do to say that (31) is an abbreviation for (32); rather, (31) is an abbreviation for the sequence of rules (35), determined by the conventions for braces, parentheses, etc.
The sequence (35) is then an abbreviation for the sequence (36), by the This leaves us with only the problem of explaining the meaning of (30) in the case when Z and R involve notations such as braces and parentheses.
Since (31), in this case, is an abbreviation for (35) (ultimately, (36)), the conventions already given will interpret The above can be seen to be (35) (or, equivalently, (36)) in the context P Q.
By the usual brace conventions, we can now interpret (37) as an abbreviation for (38): where W is a weak cluster, Co is a string of zero or more consonants, and X does not contain an internal # boundary.V Our conventions interpret (39) as an abbreviation for Actually, the affix must be restricted to a glide or to a monosyllabic formative with a simple vocalic nucleus, for reasons that will be developed in the next chapter.
The stress on the first syllable is then weakened as a special case of rules that we will go into
Suppose that we have a still more complex form such as theatricality, for example.
For this form, the same rules provide the following derivatiou.P The parenthesis convention proposed earlier imposes the following ordering conditions on (40ad): (1) the order of application is (a), (b), (c), (d), as given; (2) if case (a) applies, then case (b) is inapplicable; (3) if case (c) applies, then case (d) is inapplicable; (4) if either case (a) or case (b) applies, then cases (c) and (d) are inapplicable.
Summarizing, the convention implies that the ordering of (40) is totally disjunctive; if one case applies, then all later cases In forms such as personsal and theatr+ic+al, case (a) of rule (40) assigns primary stress in the antepenultimate syllable.
Case (b) of (40) applies to words such as dialectsal and anecdtltsal, assigning primary stress in the penultimate position, which contains a strong cluster.
Cases (c) and (d) are simply the two cases of rule (25); they apply to such words as edit and develop, assigning penultimate stress, and to words such as evade and supreme, assigning primary stress in the final syllable.
Rule (39) thus expresses in a precise way the linguistically significant generalization that underlies this class of examples.
Notice that some of these examples involve more than one cycle.
The word theatrical, for example, is clearly derived from theater, which will receive primary stress on the initial syllable in the first cycle (by a rule which will be given in the next chapter); thus, in isolation the stress will be in that position.
But in the second cycle, the stress is shifted to the second (antepenultimate) syllable by rule (39).
We thus have the derivation (41). (Recall that we assume all formatives to be automatically bounded by +, by convention.
We therefore need not indicate all occurrences of this boundary in a derivation.) In (38), each Z, and R, is a string of symbols, so that (38) is itself interpretable by the We see, then, that there is a very natural way of interpreting familiar conventions so that a rule of the form (30) has, in effect, the following intuitive meaning: first, expand the context P Q, in accordance with the brace and parenthesis conventions, into the sequence of its special cases P 1 Ql... ,Pk Qk; next, apply the rules abbreviated as X + Y / ZR in the usual sequence, under the condition that theelementZXR under consideration is in the context P1 Ql; next, apply the same rules under the condition that the element ZXR is in the context P 2.Q2; etc.
With these notational remarks, we can return to the generalization left unexpressed in rule (29) which can now be captured by the following rule:
The analysis of ity as i+ty might be disputed, but it seems well motivated on morphological grounds.
There is, first of all, a nounforming affix ty (loyalty, novelty, etc.) Furthermore, the forms in ity often have other derived forms with affixes beginning with i (sanctitysanctlfysanctitude, clarityclarify, etc.), which suggests that iis a sternfqrming augment.
We shall see, in fact, that there are good reasons As rule (39) is stated, this analysis of ity is necessary.
From considerations presented in the next chapter, however, it can be shown that even if ity were to be analyzed as a single formative, the rules would stiIl provide the derivation (42). ;Iiherefore, in this instance at least, phonological considerations do There is a generally accepted convention to the effect that secondary stress appears within a word only if it is the main stress within that word.
Accordingly, we add the following rule:
Within a word, all nonmain stresses are weakened by one.
The exact status of this rule, which we will call the Stress Adjustment Rule, is a matter to which we will return below.
We will see, in fact, that it becomes a special case of the Nuclear Stress Rule (lOb), when the latter is properly formulated.
The Stress Adjustment Rule (43) converts theatricality to theatricality, which we can take to be the phonetic representation for this word up to the degree of detail we have discussed so far.
In the same manner, rule (39) assigns stress contours to many complex forms, in accordance with the principle of the transformational cycle.
We can thus account for a substantial class of cases in a very simple and general way.
Actually, rule (39) may be extended somewhat further.
Consider pairs of words such Each of the forms consists of a prefix (photo, mono, tele,proto) followed by a stem (which may, in certain cases, function as an independent word).
With minimal assumptions about surface structure, photograph, for example, will be represented [Nphoto [sTEMgraph]sTEM ]N In a case like photosynthesis, the bracketing will be the same, but synthesis will be labeled We note that primary stress falls on the prefix if the stem is monosyllabic.i and on the stem if the stem is polysyllabic.
Though this observation will be modified slightly when a larger class of cases is considered, it can be accepted as a first approximation.
We notice further that stress placement on the prefix is in accordance with rule (39); that is, by case (40c) (= (28a», primary stress is assigned to the syllable preceding the final weak cluster of the prefix. (For reasons which appear below, the final vowel of photo, mono, etc., is lexically lax though in some positions it is phonetically tense.) Using these observations and the assumed surface structure, we can account for the forms in (44) with a rule that accomplishes the following.
After primary stress has been assigned to the stem (or inner noun) in the first cycle, it will be shifted left to the prefix if the stem (or inner noun) is a monosyllable, that is, if the form has a final stressed syllable when it enters the second cycle.
For example, photograph will enter the second cycle as photograph, with a final stressed syllable, and our new rule will then shift the stress back to give photograph.
The form photosynthesis, on the other hand, will enter the second cycle as photosynthesis; since the syllable that is stressed is not final, the new rule will not apply and the stress will remain on the inner noun.
We can now proceed to formulate the rule as We are using the term monosyllabic in a phonological, not a phonetic, sense in this context.
Thus plasm is phonologically monosyllabic (cf. plasma) but phonetically bisyllabic,since postconsonantal nasals where W is a weak cluster and L a stressed syllable, that is, a string of the form CoVC o.
Making minimal assumptions about surface structure, as before, this provides derivations Where the stem (or inner noun) is polysyllabic, the stressed syllable will not be final and rule (45) will not apply.
This accounts for the fact that in the examples in the righthand column of (44), primary stress remains on the stem (or inner noun).25 Before proceeding to investigate other applications of rule (45), we can observe that it obviously falls together with rule (39).
Combining (39) and (45), then, we have the following where W is a weak cluster, Co is a string of zero or more consonants, f is a syllable of the form CoVCo, and X does not contain # boundary internally.
We will henceforth refer to this rule, with its various elaborations, as the Main Stress Rule, since it is the main rule applying to lexical categories.
We return to this matter in Chapter Three.
In accordance with our notational conventions, rule (47) is an abbreviation for the Cases (a), (b), (e), (f) are, respectively, cases (a)(d) of (40).
As before, they constitute a disjunctively ordered block; if one of the four cases of (40) applies, none of the later ones is applicable.
Furthermore, the notational conventions that we have given imply that if case (48c) applies, then case (d) is inapplicable, and that if either case (c) or (d) applies, then cases (e) and (f) are inapplicable.
There are no further disjunctive constraints.
The only permitted sequences of applicable rules, then, are the following: Apart from these possibilities, at most one of the rules of (48) can apply.
The order in which they become applicable is, aside from this restriction, the linear order of (48).
These empirical assumptions follow from th~ general hypothesis regarding notations and the fact that (47) is the optimal representation ~f the processes so far discussed (see note 20).
We have not yet given the rules that assign primary stress to these stems and inner nouns in the first Before we continue with the analysis of English stress placement, let us make quite clear the status and character of our assumptions concerning the organization of grammars and the conditions on the applicability of grammatical rules.
We have, so far, placed the following conditions on the grammar.
The grammar is a linear sequence of rules of the form illustrated in (48), applying in accordance with the principle of the transformational cycle (see (15)).
The relation of disjunctive ordering is defined on certain pairs of rules of this sequence by virtue of their formal similarities.
To determine disjunctive ordering, we apply to the fullest possible extent the notational conventions involving parenthesization, bracketing, and the slashdash notation defined as in (30)(34).
In this way we form an underlying schema which represents this sequence of rules and which is expandable into this sequence by the successive application of conventions involving the notations. (When this process is formalized later in our discussion, we will guarantee that the order of expansion is unique.) If at some stage in the expansion we reach a schema of the formZ(X) Y, expandable into the sequence of schemata ZXY, Z Y, then all rules derived by expanding ZXY (or ZXY itself, if it is a rule) are disjunctively ordered with respect to all rules derived by expanding Z Y (or Z Y itself, if it is a rule).
In this way, disjunctive ordering is defined on the rules of the sequence constituting the grammar.
Notice that rules may be disjunctively ordered with respect to one another even if they are not adjacent in the ordering; for example, in (48), rule (a) is disjunctively ordered with respect to rule (f), but not with respect to rule (c).
The conventions associated with disjunctive ordering make use of the notations for stating grammatical schemata in a way that is rather novel within the theory of generative grammar.
In earlier work these notations have been regarded solely as part of the system for evaluating grammars.
They have been proposed as an explication of the notion linguistically significant generalization; the degree of linguistically significant generalization attained by a grammarits simplicity, in a technical sense of the termis measured by the number of symbols appearing in the underlying schema that expands to this grammar by the use of the notations. (See Chomsky (1965) and many earlier references for discussion.) But now we are also making use of the notations to determine how the rules apply, in particular, to determine disjunctive ordering.
That is to say, we are proposing that certain formal relations among rules, statable in terms of the notations that are used for the evaluation of grammars, are significant in determining how the grammar generates derivations.
If the empirical hypothesis embodied in the definition of  disjunctive ordering is correct, then this fact offers a powerful argument in support of the empirical reality of the evaluation procedures that have been developed within the theory of generative grammar, We can now return to the role of the Stressed Syllable Rule, as we shall henceforth refer to itnamely, cases (c) and (d) of the Main Stress Rule.
We will refer to cases (a) differ in the degree of stress on the final syllable and, concomitantly, in the quality of the final vocalic nucleus, which is reduced to [;;>] in the righthand column but not in the middle We can account for the nouns in the middle column, that is, those with stress contour 13, by1 regarding them 1as_ derived from the corresponding verbs.
Thus we view the relation between torment and torment as roughly analogous to the relation between advertisement and advertise or impression and impress.
We then have derivations such as the following: In the.first cycle, the Main Stress Rule applies to the underlying verb, assigning primary stre~s In the final strong cluster.
Since the verb _undergoes no further applications of the Main Stress Rule, in isolation it retains primary stress in this position.
But the derived noun must undergo a second application of the Main Stress Rule, in accordance with the pr~~iple o~ the transformational cycle.
In this application, the Stressed Syllable Rule applies, shifting pnmary stress to the left.
Secondary stress on the final syllable is then weakened to tertiary by the Stress Adjustment Rule, giving the contour 13.
The distinction between the elemen:s o~ the left and middle columns of (50) can thus be attributed to the extra cycle in the derivation of the nouns.
The distinction between the elements of the middle and right columns can be attributed to the fact that the righthand elements are not derived from assoc.iated verbs and therefore have never received primary stress on the final syllable.i In this way, the Stressed Syllable Rule accounts for a distinction between tertiary and zero
1stress In t e nal syllables of pairs such as tormenttorrent, exporteffonF.
We have not yet explained why stress falls on the final syllable of the verb progress In (50), even though this contains a weak cluster.
As we will show in Chapter Three, Section 10: we must a~sume there to be a special boundary in such verbsbetween pro and gress in this caseiwhich blocks the application of (48e) in the first cycle but not of (48d) in the se.cond ~Ycle: Thus the derivation of the noun progress from the underlying verb progress We lhavepow seen two ra;her different effects of the Stressed Syllable Rule.
In the case of photograph versus photosynthesis, it accounts for the distinction between a falling determi~es. stress placement in nouns such as those of the righthand colu~n of (50).!he.fact IS that In nouns, as distinct from verbs and adjectives, a final syllable with a simple vocalic n~cleu: IS disregarded for purposes of stress placement, and the Main Stress Rule is then applied to the residue In the usual way.
Thus, for nouns, a final syllable with a simple vocalic nucleus is treated in the s~me way as.an a~ and a stressed syllable by rule (47).
We do not give this rule here because it involves certain assumptions with respect to notations and ordering that we prefer, for expository reasons, to leave for the next chapter.
The facts. are clear, however.
By extending the Main Stress Rule in this way, we can account for the fact that prl1l~ary stress appears in the penultimate syllable in the nouns of the rightmost c~lum~ of (50), ~s well as In wor~s such as phlOgiston and horlzon, which have a strong medial cluster, th~t It appears In ~he antepenultimate syllable in words such as venison, cannibal, elephant, with a weak medial clu:ter and Simple vocalic nucleus in the final syllable; and that it falls on the final syllable (by rule (48f) In words such as ma<f)Iine, career, which have a complex vocalic nucleus in the final The words in the lefthand column are verbs, with stress on the final syllable; those in the other two columns are nouns, with primary stress on the penultimate syllable.
Comparing the words in the middle column with those in the righthand column, we can see that they Observe that in the.case of torrent, we.k~o~ that the vowel of the final syllable is e (cr. torrential).
In the case of effort there IS n? wa~ of deter~IQ,~ngthe phonological quality of the underlying vowel, which need not, therefore, be specified In the lexicalentry for this formative. and a rising contour for the prefixstem combination, exactly as in the case of the n<:.un ;xp~rt versus the verb export; in the case of export versus effort or torment versus torrent, it accounts for the difference between tertiary and zero stress in the final syllables.
Observe that in each case the cluster preceding the primary stress is of the form VC 2 and is therefore a strong cluster, and that in each case this syllable has a weak stress.i However, the vowel quality is retained in the syllable preceding primary stress in the examples of (52a) but is lost in the same position in the examples of (52b).
This di.stinction i~ clea:l y traceable to the fact that the examples of (52a) are derived from underlymg forms m which this vowel has primary stress, whereas the examples of (52b) are derived from underlying forms in which this vowel is unstressed.
Thus we have derivations such as the Iollowing r Although certain details are not given in these derivations, there is still sufficient information to account for vowel quality in the weakstressed syllable preceding primary stress.
It is clear that the process of vowel reduction depends in a fundamental way on stress; in particular, a vowel that is sufficiently stressed, in some sense that we will make precise 1~ter3 is protected from vowel reduction.
Thus the degree of stress on the final syllable of torment (see derivation (51)) is sufficient to prevent vowel reduction, but that on the final syll~ble of t~rrent is not.
Similarly, the second syllable of relaxation, having received primary stress in the first cycle, is immune to vowel reduction, but the second syllable of devastation, never having received any stress, does undergo the process of vowel reduction.
In this way, we can account quite readily for the distinction between the examples of (52a) and (52b).
For some dialects (in particular, our own), we can find near minimal pairs to illustrate these farreaching phonetic effects of the rules of the transformational cycle.
Consider, Here, as elsewhere, we rely on the phonetic representations in Kenyon and Knott, whi~h a~ee with our own pronunciation, with the provisos stated elsewhere.
The stress on the syllable preceding primary s~ess cannot be stronger than [4 stress] in any of these cases, since the first syllable III each ~e has tertiary stress and the second (premainstress) syllable is clearly weaker than the first.
We would give the contour 29 These derivations involve various principles that will not be discussed until the next chapter.
In particular, the affix ion invariably places stress on the syllable immediately preceding it~ an? there is a rule changing a 21 contour to 231, as a special case of more general processes that we wI1~ diSCUSS.
We also o.mlthere the rules that assign the proper stress contour 12 (which would become 1 3 by t~e Stress AdJ~stment Rule) to devastAt in the first cycle.
Filling in these omissions will lead to no change III the analysis of the for example, the words compensationcondensation.t In condensation, the vowel in the second syllable has received stress in the first cycle of the derivation because of the underlying verb condense: therefore, it does not reduce, and we have the phonetic representation [kandensasan], The corresponding vowel of compensation, never having received stress, is subject to vowel reduction, resulting in the phonetic representation [kampcnsason].
To. conclude this preliminary discussion of the principles that determine stress contours and the related phenomenon of vowel reduction, let us turn to the set of words in English that have the nounforming affix y (not to be confused with the adjectiveforming y of such words as stringy and brawny, which has very different phonetic effects and a different underlying representation).
This is the affix that we find in such words as aristocracsy, econom+y, galax+y.
Before turning to its effect on stress placement, Phonetically, this affix is either [i] or [E], depending on the dialect; that is, it is a.high front vowel of dialectally varying degree of tenseness and diphthongization.
The tenseness and diphthongization give no information about the underlying phonological representation since there are no relevant contrasts in this position.
As we shall see in the next chapter, even phonologically nontense vowels (i.e., simple vocalic nuclei) become tense and diphthongized in final position in the dialects in question.
But, in fact, we do know that phonologically the affix cannot consist of a complex vocalic nucleus [E] if it is to be subject to the Main Stress Rule (47), since the cases of this rule that involve affixes, as we shall With this possibility eliminated, let us now ask whether the affix y can be phonologically represented as the simple vocalic nucleus i.
An argument against this analysis is provided by consideration of the stemforming vowel [i], which, along with the parallel stemforming vowel [u], appears in the derived forms of pairs such as proverbproverbial, represented in the lexicon in such a way as to indicate that they take the stemforming augment [i] or [u] in their derived forms.
A natural, and apparently the simplest, proposal is to enter these words in the lexicon in the form professorsi, habitiu, etc., with the augmentdeleted in final position by rule (54): But if this suggestion is followed, then words such as economy cannot be entered with the representation economsi for the affix will be incorrectly deleted in final position by These considerations suggest that the representation of the affix y in lexical entries should be +y.
That is, it should be entered as a high front glide, which later becomes a The latter is the nominalized verb that means act of condensing, not the noun that means a condensed state or form or a condensed mass and that, although in some way related to the verb condense, is not derived from it as is condensation in the first sense.
Kenyon and Knott give only the form with unreduced second syllable for condensation, and give both reduced and unreduced variants for compensation, as well as for the underlying form compensate.
There is wellknown dialectal divergence in these positions.
In general, with respect to phoneticjminutiae of this sort, it is impossible to expect complete consistency between speakers or for one speaker at various times.
Nor should it necessarily be assumed that the transcriptions suggested by phoneticians, at this level of detail, correspond in any very clear way to an acoustic reality.
As pointed out in Section 2 of this chapter, we are concerned here with ideal forms that may undergo various modifications iii performance and that may relate more closely to a perceptual than vowel by an extremely simple rule.
We shall see, in fact, that the required rule converting y to i falls together with other rules that are needed on independent grounds.
Thus, in terms of its analysis into vowels and consonants, the word economy is of the phonological form Adopting this quite wellmotivated proposal, let us now turn to the effect of the affix yon stress placement.
We have already provided one quite general rule describing the effect of an affix on the assignment of primary stress, namely, cases (48a) and (48b) of the Main Stress Rule (47).
But the affix y does not seem to fall under this generalization, as we can see by considering data of the sort presented in (55), where the symbols W, S, and A stand for syllables terminating in weak, strong, and arbitrary clusters, respectively, and where the formula to the left of the colon describes the underlying form of the examples to the The examples of case (a) are in fact consistent with the assumption that y is simply a regular affix subject to the Affix Rule that is part of the Main Stress Rule (47).
Since the syllable preceding the affix contains a weak cluster, case (48a) of (47) will assign primary stress to the syllable preceding this cluster, in the usual way.
The examples of (55b), however, appear to be inconsistent with this assumption.
If y were subject to the Affix Rule, then primary stress would be placed on the strong cluster immediately preceding the affix, in accordance with case (48b) of rule (47), whereas in these examples primary stress is actually on the syllable preceding this strong cluster.
Examples such as these might lead one to suggest another rule, unique to the suffix y, namely, the rule that this suffix places primary stress on the syllable preceding it by two.
Under such a rule, the examples of (55a) and (55b) The forms in (55c), however, show at once that this new proposal is incorrect.
In these examples, primary stress is three syllables removed from the affix y, and there is an unexplained tertiary stress on the syllable immediately preceding this affix (a syllable which, we observe, contains a strong cluster).
We cannot simply add a special case requiring that stress be three syllables removed when y is preceded by a strong cluster, for this possibility With no further attempt at patchwork solutions, let us see how close we can come to the facts by making the weakest and most general assumption, namely, that y is simply a regular affix obeying the Main Stress Rule as it now stands.
As we have already noted, the examples of (55a) are consistent with this analysis.
That is, the affix y will now, like all affixes, assign stress to the syllable preceding a final Consider next the examples of (55b).
Under the assumption that y is a regular affix, case (48b) of the Main Stress Rule (47) will place primary stress on the final syllable of the string preceding y, since this syllable contains a strong cluster.
This gives, for example, the form industry.
Recall that according to the ordering constraints on the subcases (48af) We assume here that these words have the same affix Or+y as promissory, auditory.
Other analyses might be suggested for many of these words, taken in isolation, but the analyses we are supposing are at least as well motivated, on grounds independent of stress placement, as any others.
We shall see directly that considerations of stress placement strongly support the analyses proposed here. of ~e (47), afte:(48b) has applied, ca~se (c) or (d~ may still be applied (see (49)).
Case (48d) applies to a stnng of the form VC o2:] , where 2: is a stressed syllable, assigning primary stress to the vowel.
But, ~s we have noted above, the affix y is a glide in the underlying repr:sentation.
Hence industry is a st~g of the form VCoVCo], which is a special case of VCo:l:].
Case (48d) thus applies to industry, giving the stress pattern ind~stry after which the Stress Adjustment Rule applies to give industry.
Other rules, to which we return below, determine that a tertiarystressed vowel in the context of the ~ of ind~stry loses its stress and reduces.
This gives the desired stress pattern.
The examples of (55b), then, are quite consistent with the assumption that y is a regular affix.
Consider now the forms of (55c), which, as we have noted, are inconsistent with the assumption that y places primary stress two syllables back.
Taking orthodoxy as a typical example, the Main Stress Rule, as it stands, provides the following derivation: In the first cycle, primary stress is placed on the monosyllabic stem dox (exactly as it is placed on the monosyllabic stem grap!l in the derivation (46) of photograph).
In the next cycle we consider the adjective orthodox.
The Stressed Syllable Rule (48c) places primary stress on the syllable preceding the weak cluster, again exactly as in the case of photograph.
Thus, in isolation, the adjective would have the stress contour ~rthod~x (the Stress Adjustment Rule weakening the final stress to tertiary).
But in (56) there is still another cycle.
In this third cycle, primary stress is assigned by the Affix Rule (48b) to the syllable with the strong cluster preceding the affix.
The result is a string terminating with the stressed syllable doxy, a syllable of the form CVCCC.
Hence the Stressed Syllable Rule (48c) applies once again, as it did in the preceding cycle, reassigning primary stress to the first vowel.
The Stress Adjustment Rule (43) now applies to give the desired form ~rthod~xy.
The other examples of (55c) are similar.
In sum, these forms are consistent with the assumption that y is a regular affix.
The examples in (55d) are derived in a manner parallel to that of (55b), with case (48d) of the Stressed Syllable Rule applying on the last pass through the We see, then, that by taking the affix y to be nonvocalic phonologically, all of the cases of (55) are explained on the assumption that it is a perfectly regular and unexceptional affix subject to the general Main Stress Rule.
This fact alone would motivate the representation of the affix y as a glide in underlying forms, but, as we have seen, there is independent support for this conclusion.
The peculiar arrangement of data noted in (55) follows from this assumption, with no modification of the general rules.
Here, then, is a striking e~ample of.the. effective.n~ss o~ the?ri~ciple. of the ~r~nsformational cycle, in conjunction
WIth the principle of disjunctive ofdermg, m explammg otherwise quite refractory data.
Other forms in y support these!conclusions.
Before turning to them, however, let But notice that the affix ioe should assign primary stress to the final strong syllable At, in each case, giving the incorrect forms *investigdtive, *generdtive, *illustrdtive, *de~onstr~tive.
What actually happens is that the affix ioe assigns primary stress to the syllable immediately preceding At if that syllable has a strong cluster, or one syllable fu:ther.back ~ the sy~able preceding At has a weak cluster.
In other words, primary str.ess IS assigned Just as if t~e affix were not iue, but rather Atioe.
In fact, we shall see that ill general the element At IS considered to be a part of the affix for the purposes of stress placement.
We can achieve this effect by reformulating the Main Stress Rule (47) as: To resolve an ambiguity in the expansion of the schema (59), let us assume, as a general principle, that braces are expanded before parentheses.
With this assu~ption, schema (59) expands to (60), which is then expanded to a sequence of rules ill the usual way.
Disjunctive ordering holds between (60a) and (60b), between (60c) and (60d), and between Let us consider the effect of this slight modification of the rule on examples WIth the affix Yo We will now have typical derivations such as (61) and (62), for confiscatory (similarly, compensatory, reformatory, etc.) and anticipatory (similarly, reverberatory, concfliatory, etc.), respectively: The two derivations correspond point by point.
In both cases the stress contour is assigned to the underlying verb by rules that we will give later on.
The verbs, in isolation, would be c~nfisc~te, a/lticip~te.
In the second cycle, the Affix Rule shifts primary stress to the strong
Notice that the ordering implied by the use of parentheses carries over to t~is case, as we would expect.
Thus, if the Affix Rule applies in the conte:t tAt+ive (giving, e.g., illustrAtive), it is not permitted syllable immediately preceding the affix y, in the usual way.
At this point the Stressed Syllable Rule applies, under the modification (59)(60)that is, with the element At regarded as part of the context of application rather than as subject to the application of the rule.
Excluding AtOry from consideration in this way, the rule assigns primary stress to the final strong syllable of the residual string confiscin (61), and to the syllable preceding the final weak syllable of the residual string anticipin (62).
Stress is then weakened and vowels reduced in accordance with fairly straightforward rules to which we will return.
Here, again, the various cases of the Main Stress Rule interact to generate some rather complex phonetic structures, in accordance with the general principle of the transformational cycle and the general empirical assumptions regarding ordering that we have formulated.
In Section 2, on the basis of some preliminary observations about stress contours in English, we suggested that certain principles of organization of a grammar might serve as preconditions for language acquisition, and we discussed some questions of psychological and physical fact relating to this assumption.
Now, after a more detailed account of English stress contours, the tentative conclusions of Section 2 have been strengthened.
We have seen that simple rules applying under very general conditions can explain data of a rich and varied sort.
This fact raises interesting and important questions.
To facilitate the discussion of these questions, we can invoke a traditional distinction between particular grammar and universal grammar.
A particular grammar for a single language is a compendium of specific and accidental (that is, nonessential) properties of this language.
A universal grammar is a system of conditions that characterize any human language, a theory of essential properties of human language.
It is reasonable to suppose that the principle of the transformational cycle and the principles of organization of grammar that we have formulated in terms of certain notational conventions are, if correct, a part of universal grammar rather than of the particular grammar of English.
Specifically, it is difficult to imagine how such principles could be  learned or  invented in some way by each speaker of the language, on the basis of the data available to him. 3 3 It therefore seems necessary to assume that these principles constitute a part of the schema that serves as a precondition for language acquisition and that determines the general character of what is acquired.
While the general principles of organization of a grammar that we have been discussing can most plausibly be regarded as part of universal grammar, it seems that such rules as the Main Stress Rule must, in large part at least, be a part of the particular grammar of English.
A reasonable tentative assumption, then, is that the Nuclear Stress Rule, the Compound Rule, and the Main Stress Rule must be learned by the child acquiring the language, whereas the conditions on the form of rules, the principle of the transformational cycle, and the principles of organization embodied in the various notational conventions that we have established are simply a part of the conceptual apparatus that he Furthermore, insofar as phonetic transcription corresponds to a perceptual rather than an acoustic reality see Section 2departures from the rules are undetectable.
Quite apart from this, it is difficult to imagine that adults, whose perceptual set is extremely strong and whose phonetic acuity is very limited, could note and correct deviations in lowlevel phonetic forms even where these do have a direct counterpart in the The Nuclear Stress Rule, the Compound Rule, and the Main Stress Rule, in its various cases, assign primary stress in certain positions.
A very small body of data concerning the position of primary stress in simple utterances is sufficient to justify these rules.
Correspondingly, a small body of data of this sort might be sufficientto enable the language learner to postulate that these rules form part of the grammar of the language to which he is exposed.
Having accepted these rules, the language learner can now apply the general principles of universal grammar to determine their effects in a wide variety of cases.
As we have seen, very simple rules can have extremely complex effects when applied in accordance with these general principles.
The effects in themselves might well be undetectable by the native speaker or the language learner.
When they are determined by a framework of Phonetically untrained speakers of a language seem to find it quite easy to determine the position of main stress in simple utterances, but extremely difficult to trace complex stress contours in a detailed and consistent way.
There is, furthermore, some doubt as to the physical reality of these contours, although there is no doubt that with phonetic training, a speaker of the language can identify stress contours and other phonetic details with reasonable consistency.
These observations are just what we would expect; given the assumptions to which we have tentatively been led about universal and particular grammar.
A small body of data relating to the position of main stress can lead to the formulation of the major stress placement rules.
Their effects in complex utterances are determined by the universal unlearned principles of organization of a grammar.
There is no need for the speaker or hearer to attend to these automatically determined aspects of an utterance, even where they are physically real; but with training, they can be brought to the level of awareness, whether or not they have acoustic reality.
In particular, stress contours can be heard with a fair degree of consistency even though they may not correspond in detail to any The syntactic component of the grammar contains a lexicon which lists lexical items with their inherent properties, in particular, those phonological properties that are not determined by general rule.
The considerations of the preceding sections suggest that these underlying forms will in general contain no indication of the stress contour of the items or of the distinction between reduced and unreduced vowels.
In these respects the lexical representation of an underlying form will be very different from the phonetic representations of its variants in particular contexts.
As we investigate further, we will find many more dramatic examples of this discrepancy between underlying forms and their phonetic In note 26, we pointed out that the placement of primary stress in nouns is governed by the following rule (where Vs is a simple vocalic nucleus): This rule clearly falls together with the general Main Stress Rule, in a way which we will examine in the next chapter.
As pointed out in note 26, it accounts for the stress placement in words such as venison, horizon, elephant.
To assign primary stress in these words, we disregard the final simple vocalic nucleus with the consonants following it, and assign primary stress to the penultimate syllable of the residue if its final cluster is weak or to this final cluster itself if it is strong.
Thus the rule is of precisely the sort with which we are now familiar.
If the final syllable of a noun contains a complex vocalic nucleus, then rule (63) is inapplicable, and case (48f) of the Main Stress Rule applies in the usual way, placing primary stress in the final syllable of such words as machine, career.
Superficially, words ending in vowels seem to contradict this rule.
Thus, in words such as country, menu, window, the final vocalic nucleus is complex (namely, E, U, 0, respectively) in many dialects.
Nevertheless, it does not receive stress.
This seems difficult to explain within our present framework until we observe that there is no contrast between simple and complex vocalic nuclei in wordfinal position (see p. 39).
Consequently, there is no barrier to representing words such as country, menu, window in the lexicon with simple vocalic nuclei in final position.
This will then make the forms subject to rule (63), which excludes the final syllable from consideration arid then assigns primary stress to the residue in the usual way.
A later rule will then determine the quality of the wordfinal vocalic nucleus.
This later rule is well motivated, apart from any question of stress placement.
Further investigation of final unstressed vowels reveals that there is a peculiar gap in the pattern.
We do not at this point, in the exposition have the means to justify this remark, but we will be able to show that of the six simple vocalic nuclei that might appear in final position, only i, re, u, 0, and o do in fact appear.
There are no examples with e as With these observations as background, let us return to the problem of stress placement.
Consider the words ellipse, eclipse.
If the lexical representation were elips, eklips, then rule (63) would apply, eliminating the final syllable from consideration (since it contains a simple vocalic nucleus) and assigning primary stress to the first syllable, giving Elips,
*Eklips as the phonetic forms.
Recall, now, the remarks of the preceding paragraph.
Suppose that we were to assign to these words the lexical representations elipse, eklipse, respectively.
Rule (63) will exclude the final simple vocalic nucleus e from consideration and will assign primary stress to the strong cluster that precedes it, giving elipse, eklipse.
To obtain the correct phonetic forms, we now add the eElision Rule (64) to the grammar: This rule gives the correct final forms.
It also explains the gap noted in the preceding paragraph.
We see now that this gap is not in the underlying lexical representations but Rule (64), as we shall see, has independent motivation apart from the considerations just mentioned.
As one further example, consider the word Neptune with the phonetic representation [neptUn].34 The final cluster of the phonetic representation is strong and hence should receive primary stress by the Main Stress Rule.
We cannot simply add a final e in the lexical representation here, as we did in the preceding examples, for if we were to enter Neptune in the lexicon ~ neptllne, primary stress would still be placed on the second syllable, this time by rule·;(63).
The only apparent alternative is to enter Neptune with the lexical representation neptunf! that is, with the simple vocalic nucleus u in the second syllable.
Rule (63) will now assign primary stress in the first syllable since the second syllable contains a weak cluster.
We now add the rule (65) (where C is a single medial consonant.
Thus the contrast is between [Uz] and [AS] in intervocalic position.
This correlation is general.
We can account for it by postulating a rule that voices [s] medially, Given the rule (68), which we will make more exact later on, we have the derivations (69): Here, as in the forms discussed previously in this section, we are agam led to an underlying representation which is quite abstract (and which, once again, corresponds Consider next verbs such as caress and hardss.t The final syllable of the phonetic representations for these forms has a stressed weak cluster, which is contrary to what is asserted by the Main Stress Rule (47).
Suppose, however, that we were to provide these words with the lexical representations k Vress, h Vrress, with V here standing for an unspecified simple vocalic nucleus.V The two final consonants n~w ma.ke the final clust~r strong, and case (48f) of the Main Stress Rule will apply to assign pnma~y stress on this final strong cluster.
To obtain the correct forms, we need another rule, WhICh we shall call the Cluster Simplification Rule, to delete one of the ss: This gives us [keres], [h;:Jrres] as the phonetic forms, eliminating another apparent exception Once again, we find that the rule that we postulate (in this case, rule (67» is well motivated on independent grounds, as we see from considerations such as the following.
Consider first words such as cunning, currency, and mussel, in which the phonetic reflex of underlying u in the first syllable is [A] rather than [D] (see note 35).
According to rule (65), underlying u should give phonetic [D] in the context CV, as in punitive, mural, mU:ic, and so on.
We can prevent the application of this rule to forms like cunning by assummg double consonants in the underlying representations.
These will then simplify by rule (67).
Alternatively, we would have to assume a contrast between u and U in underlying representations.
This is highly implausible, not only because of the examples already noted that motivate rule (65), but also because of the system of vowel alternations that we shall Observe next that in the near pair musicmussel, noted above, the form with phonetic [D] has a voiced medial consonant, whereas the form with phonetic [A] has an unvoiced 36 The latter, with the phonetic representation [h:mes].
An alternative form, [hrer::ls], WIll derive from the
37 We return later to the precise content of this remark. 38 Notice that this rule is not, strictly speaking, formuJable within the framework that we have established up to this point.
We will return to this matter.
Rule (65) is, in fact, justified on independent grounds.
Thus we find only phonetic [D], and not the other phonetic reflexes of underlying U,35 in the context CV (e.g., The rule (68) is independently motivated by many considerations.
Compare, for example, pairs such as resent consent, resist consist, in which the initial consonant of each of the stems sent and sist voices intervocalically but not postconsonantally.
Such examples give even more direct justification for rule (67)the rule deleting the first of two identical consonants.
Thus consider words such as dissemble, dissent, with the prefix dis(cf. distrust, disturb, etc.) and a stem beginning with s.
Evidently, rule (67) is required to account for the fact that the medial cluster is phonetically a single consonant [s]; it is protected from voicing by (68) because of the final s of the prefix, in contrast with resemble, resent, etc.
Similarly, we must rely on rule (67) to account for the fact that the prefix exis phonetically
[ek] when the stem begins with an [s], as in exceed versus extend.
Thus, several considerations converge to support the analysis proposed.
Consider next words such as radium, medial versus radical, medical.
These examples have the complex nuclei [A], [E] in the context CiV, and the simple nuclei [ee], [e] in the context CiC.
A great many examples of this sort, which we shall study in detail below, lead us to postulate rules which have the following effect (where C is a single Notice that where the vowel in question is followed by a double consonant (calcium, compendium), it is not subject to rule (70) and therefore remains simple.
We now proceed to words such as potassium, gymnasium, magnesium.
As in the case of musicmussel, we find that where we have unvoiced [s], here in the context iV, the vocalic nucleus preceding it is simple, but where we have voiced [z], the vocalic nucleus preceding it is complex.
We can now account for this arrangement of data with underlying
Once again, we rely on rule (67),.mong others, in accounting for the relevant data.
Finally, notice that words such as confetti, Mississippi, Kentucky appear to violate rule (63), which assigns stress in the antepenultimate syllable of a noun that ends in a simple vocalic nucleus preceded by a wt~k cluster.
We can avoid this violation of the rule by mate syllable, being strong, will noWtake primary stress by rule (63).
The double consonants prevent the voicing of [s] by rule (68) and the change of u to [U] by rule (65).
Rule (67) then simplifies them, as before.
In further support of this analysis, we observe that, quite generally, medial obstruent clusters are unvoiced in English; correspondingly, in the positions where a double consonant must be postulated to account for peculiarities in stress placement, consonant quality, and vowel quality, as in the examples of this paragraph, it To recapitulate, the eElision Rule (64), the Cluster Simplification Rule (67), and the others that we have discussed here form a mutually supporting system of rules that can be justified in a variety of independent ways and that account for a fairly extensive array of data.
These rules lead us to postulate underlying forms which are quite abstract.
Furthermore, these abstract underlying representations are, in general, very close to conventional We will conclude with two more examples.
Consider the word giraffe, phonetically [J~mH].
Here we have a stress on the final weak cluster.
We can explain this by postulating the underlying lexical representation gireffe.
The rule (63) of stress placement assigns primary stress to the penultimate syllable.
ByeElision and Cluster Simplification (note again that an unvoiced cluster is involved) we derive [girref].
Clearly we must have a rule that softens g to [j] (and k to [s]) before nonlow front vowels, with qualifications to be added
With rule (72) and the general rule of Vowel Reduction, we derive [janef], as required.
Alternatively, we might take the underlying representation to be [Vreffe; there are other Finally, consider the words courage [kAraJ] and courageous [karAjas].
Superficially, these seem to contradict the rules of stress placement and vowel quality that we have presented in this chapter.
Suppose, however, that we were to take the underlying form to be korrege.3 9 On this assumption, we have the following derivations: In our discussion of the Rounding Adjustment Rule in Chapter Four, we shall show that lax back vowels become unrounded under certain conditions.
A consequence of this rule is the shift 0 + A, where [A] is regarded as a lax unrounded back mid vowel, differing from [0] only in not being rounded.
Incidentally, a better representation would be cortege, where c stands for a symbol identical in its feature composition to k except that it appears in a lexically designated class of forms that undergo certain syntactic and phonological processes (i.e., they take derivational affixesof the Romance and Greek systems and undergo rules such as (72».
We return to this matter at the end of Chapter Four. 40 Actually, we generalize (70) so that it applies in the contextCa.V,where a.is a non low front vowel or glide, that is, [iI, eel, [i], eel, or the corresponding glides.
This is a simplification of the rule, in our
41 We generalize rule (64) so that it elides final e not only before word boundary, but also before any formative boundary.
This, too, is a simplification in our terms, as we shall see.
In the case of courage, in isolation, primary stress is placed by the Noun RuJe (63); in the case of courageous, by the Affix Rule (47), in the familiar way.
The second syllable of courageous becomes a complex nucleus by rule (70), before the nonlow front vowel followed by another vowel.
The consonant g then softens to [j] by rule (72), and the final e is elided.
Vowel Reduction then gives the desired forms.
Once again, a quite abstract underlying form, very similar to conventional orthography, accounts for the variant forms by There is, incidentally, nothing particularly surprising about the fact that conventional orthography is, as these examples suggest, a near optimal system for the lexical representation of English words.
The fundamental principle of orthography is that phonetic variation is not indicated where it is predictable by general rule.
Thus, stress placement and regular vowel or consonant alternations are generally not reflected.
Orthography is a system designed for readers who know the language, who understand sentences and therefore know the surface structure of sentences.
Such readers can produce the correct phonetic forms, given the orthographic representation and the surface structure, by means of the rules that they employ in producing and interpreting speech.
It would be quite pointless for the orthography to indicate these predictable variants.
Except for unpredictable variants (e.g., manmen, buybought), an optimal orthography would have one representation for each lexical entry.
Up to ambiguity, then, such a system would maintain a close correspondence between semantic units and orthographic representations.
A system of this sort is of little use for one who wishes to produce tolerable speech without knowing the languagefor example, an actor reading lines in a language with which he is unfamiliar.
For such purposes a phonetic alphabet, or the regularized phonetic representations called phonemic in modern linguistics, would be superior.
This, however, is not the function of conventional orthographic systems.
They are designed for the use of speakers of the language.
It is therefore noteworthy, but not too surprising, that English orthography, despite its often cited inconsistencies, comes remarkably close to being an optimal orthographic system for English.
Correspondingly, it would not be surprising to discover that an adequate theory of the production and perception of speech will find a place for a system of representation not unlike orthography, though there is, for the moment, little evidence that phonemic transcription is a psychologically real system in this sense.
It should also be observed that very different dialects may have the same or a very similar system of underlying representations.
It is a widely confirmed empirical fact that underlying representations are fairly resistant to historical change, which tends, by and large, to involve.late phonetic rules. 4 2 If this is true, then the same system of representation for underlying forms will be found over long stretches of space and time.
Thus a conventional orthography may have a very long useful life, for a wide range of phonetically divergent These observations suggest a description of the process of reading aloud that might, to first approximation, be described in the following way.
We assume a reader who has internalized a grammar G of the language that he speaks natively.
The reader is presented with a linear stretch W of writte~symbols, in a conventional orthography.
He produces as an internal representation of this linear stretch Wa string S of abstract symbols of the sort that we have been considering.
Utilizing the syntactic and semantic information available to him, from a preliminary analysis of S, as well as much extralinguistic information regarding the writer and the context, the reader understands the utterance, and, in particular, assigns to S a surface structure 2:.4 3 With 2: available, he can then produce the phonetic representation of S and, finally, the physical signal corresponding to the visual input W.
Clearly, reading will be facilitated to the extent that the orthography used for W corresponds to the underlying representations provided by the grammar G.
To the extent that these correspond, the reader can rely on the familiar phonological processes to relate the visual input W to an acoustic signal.
Thus one would expect that conventional orthography should, by and large, be superior to phonemic transcription, which is in general quite remote from underlying lexical or phonological representation and not related to it by any linguistically significant set of rules.
On the other hand, for an actor reading lines in a language that he does not know, phonemic transcription should be much superior to conventional orthography, since it can be read without comprehension, whereas conventional orthography, being close to the linguistically significant system underlying ordinary speech, can be read only when the surface structure (including the internal structure of words) is known, that is, when the utterance is to some degree understood.
There are many interesting questions that can be raised about the development of systems of underlying representation during the period of language acquisition.
It is possible that this might be fairly slow.
There is, for example, some evidence that children tend to hear much more phonetically than adults.
There is no reason to jump to the conclusion that this is simply a matter of training and experience; it may very well have a maturational basis.
Furthermore, much of the evidence relevant to the construction of the underlying systems of representation may not be available in early stages of language acquisition.
These are open questions, and it is pointless to speculate about them any further.
They deserve careful empirical study, not only because of the fundamental importance of the question of psychological reality of linguistic constructs, but also for practical reasons; for example, with respect to the problem of the teaching of reading.
These further topics, We have already noted that simple and complex vocalic nuclei alternate in some way.
Let A comparison of words such as profaneprofanity, comparecomparative, gratefulgratitude, sereneserenity, appealappelative, plenumplenitude, divinedivinity, derivederivative, reconcileconciliate, and innumerable others suggests that the grammar must The vowel in boldface stands for a complex vocalic nucleus in the first member of each pair, and for a simple vocalic nucleus in the second member of each pair.
Furthermore, both the vowel quality and the stress placement in the first member of each pair seem to
Obviously, it is an oversimplification to assume that conversion of W to S precedes the interpretive processes that assign 2: to S.
There is no reason for this having to be the case, and such commonplace phenomena as proofreading errors suggest that in fact it is not the case. require that the underlying form have the complex rather than the simple vocalic nucleus, that is, that the rule be (74) rather than (75): Thus we postulate underlying forms such as profAn, serEn, divln,44 which are stressed on the final complex nucleus by the Main Stress Rule (case (48f)).
To account for the second members of the pairs, we apply rule (74) in the context (76) (where fr stands for an unstressed vocalic nucleus): Superficially, the vowel alternations illustrated by:J74) appear to be extremely complex and unsystematic.
We have disguised this fact by our capitalization notation.
Stated in terms of symbols that receive a direct phonetic interpretation, the rules in (74) appear as: where the symbols e, i, ii stand for phonetically tense counterparts to e, i, re. 4 5 These rules are extraordinarily complex in terms of the otherwise wellmotivated feature system that we will develop below and in terms of any concept of complexity that seems to have any Compounding the problem is the fact that it is not enough to postulate the rules (74)(77); it is also necessary to postulate the rules (75), which have precisely the opposite effect.
To see this, consider words such as variousvariety, GermanGermanicGermanium, managermanagerial.
The underlying form for vary must be tiAri, with a final simple vocalic nucleus.
Stress placement will then be determined correctly by rule (48e).
The final vowel is converted from i to [E] finally or before another vowel by the rule discussed on page 45 in connection with words such as country, window.
But notice that under stress, in variety, the vowel in question becomes not [E] but [I].
Therefore we must have a rule converting i to [1] in this position.
Consider next the triple GermanGermanicGermanium.
The position of stress on the first member of this triple shows that the vocalic nucleus of its final syllable must be weak.
The second member shows that it must be reo The third member shows that this underlying re becomes [AJ by a rule of the form re ~ A in certain contexts (see rule (70) and the discussion of couragecourageous on p. 48).
Consider now managerIf we were restricted to lowercase Latin letters and to a principle of absolute linearity of spelling, we could not use this device and would have to find an alternative notation.
The proper choice is obvious, in the light of the rules given above.
We can represent pro/An, serEn, dioln in the form pro/rene, serene, divine; stress placement will now be determined correctly by the Main Stress Rule (case (48e»; the simple vocalic nuclei will become complex in the context Ce by a rule rather like (65); and the final e will be elided
One might inquire whether this proposal is not after all correct, for the underlying representations.
We have considered this possibility qUi~ seriously, and it has something to recommend it.
We reject it, however, in favor of the analyses witnl,final complex nuclei in the underlying representations, for two reasons which will become clearer later on: first, the solution with final e is less highly valued in terms of the general measure of evaluation (complexity measure) that we will develop; second, we have not been able to find a simple system of rules that gives the required results in detail under this assumption. 4S The phonetics is straightforward except with respect to postulation of the [re][ay] relation, which begs a few questions to which we shall return.in Chapter Four. managerial.
Considerations of stress and vowel quality show that the final vowel of manager must be a simple vocalic nucleus.
This vowel becomes [E] in the context CiV; it must therefore be the vowel e (since re becomes [A] and i becomes [I]).
Many examples of this sort show that we must, in fact, set up rules with the effect of (75), in addition to rules with We have now reached a conclusion which is quite unacceptable.
The rules (74) (= (77)) and (75) are extremely complex in themselves.
It is evident, furthermore, that there must be some underlying generalization that accounts for the fact that the rules (74) and the rules (75) are precisely opposite in their effects.
If we give the rules in the form (74), (75), there is no way to express this generalization.
In brief, we have two extremely complex processes which are surely related, but related in some way which is not statable if these These considerations suggest very strongly that something is seriously amiss in the analysis we have been tacitly assuming, with the symbols A, E, I, 0, U taken simply as Notice that the processes (74) and (75) involve alternations of two kinds, from a phonetic point of view.
We can see this by considering the formulation (77) of (74).
Clearly these rules affect both the complexity and the quality of the vocalic nuclei in question; that is, the complex nuclei become simple, and the vowel of the vocalic nucleus changes in quality To begin with, let us disregard the question of vowel quality and consider the matter of complexity of the vocalic nucleus.
We note at once that the presence of the yglide correlates with tenseness of the vowel.
We need therefore account only for the tenseness.
The presence of the glide will then be determined by the Diphthongization Rule (78): We shall see, in Chapter Four, that the Vowel Shift Rule can be stated in a very simple way, and, in fact, that it can be generalized beyond the class of examples that we have considered.
With the Tensing and Laxing Rules, the Diphthongization Rule, and the Vowel Shift Rule, we have now fully accounted for the examples considered so far, as we can see
The Laxing Rule (79) converts the tense vowels in the boldface positions of gratitude (cf. grAteful), serenity (cf. serEn), derivative, (cf. derlv) to their lax counterparts.
If the underlying forms are grret, seren, derio, respectively, rule (79) will give the forms grret(itude), seren(ity), deriv(ative), as required.
On the other hand, the Tensing Rule (80) will apply in the following way: (a) in the context #, the final vowels of country, window, vary, etc., will become tense; (b) in the context V, the vowels in boldface in various, variety, impious, piety, etc., will become tense; (c) in the contextCr:t..V (where r:t.. is a nonlow nonback vowel), the vowels in boldface in managerial, courageous, Canadian, etc., become tense.
In all three cases, the tense vowel is diphthongized by rule (78).
The rilles (78)(80), which are quite simple and straightforward, account for the complexity of the vocalic nuclei in all of the cases that we have considered.
The problem of vowel quality still remains, however, for the tense vowels (the complex vocalic nuclei).
At this stage of our analysis, the vowels in boldface in the words grateful, serene, derive, for example, will be frey], fey], [iy], respectively, from underlying re, e, i, by Tensing and Diphthongization.
But the vocalic nuclei of these words should be fey], [iy], ray], respectively.
That is, we must add a Vowel Shift Rille which has the following effect on stressed where <I> ~ y stands for insert y and where V is a tense vowel. (We shall see that this rule is, in fact, more general.) We may now assume that there are no postvocalic glides in The examples that we have already given illustrate fairly adequately the general scope of the rules governing tenseness.
Summarizing what we have observed, we can formulate the following rules, as a first approximation:
In these derivations, we omit all cYWes except the last.
Note that the Vowel Shift Rule is restricted to vowels that carry stress, though not necessarily primary The points to be noted are the following.
Instead of the extremely complicated rules (74), (75), we now have the quite simple rules (78)(81).48 More important, we have succeeded in expressing the generalization underlying the rules (74) and their inverses, the rules (75).
By extracting the Vowel Shift Rule from these processes, we are left with only rules (79) and (80) (the Tensing and Laxing Rules) as inverses.
This is a bare and irreducible minimum.
We have, in other words, avoided the absurdity of assuming that the processes stated as (74) and (75) have no relation to each other.
We now have abstract underlying representations such as profiin, seren, derio, mrenVger.
Observe that the device of capitalization used earlier corresponds to the phonological category of tenseness at the level of lexical representation.
Note also that in the case of an underlying tense vowel, the corresponding phonetic element will invariably differ from the underlying vowel either in quality (if it remains tense) or in tenseness.
For example, corresponding to the tense vowel in the boldface position in the underlying representation seren, we have either [iy] (in the word serene) or [e] (in the word serenity).
Once again, the postulated underlying forms are systematically related to conventional orthography (see note 44) and are, as is well known, related to the underlying forms of a much earlier historical stage of the language.
There has, in other words, been little change in lexical representation since Middle English, and, consequently, we would expect (though we have not verified this in any detail) that lexical representation would differ very little from dialect to dialect in Modern English.
If this. assumption proves to be correct, it will follow that conventional orthography is probably fairly close to optimal for all modern English dialects, as well as for the attested dialects
Bringing this discussion to a close, we will show that entirely independent considerations also support the postulation of the Vowel Shift Rule (81) for modern spoken English.
In Section 7 we discussed the Velar Softening Rule that converts g to [j] and k to [s] before nonlow front vowels, that is [i], [e], [I], and [e].
But consider words such as: Using the symbol c to represent unvoiced velars in lexical entries that are subject to the Velar Softening Rule (72) (see note 39), we have the underlying representations critic, medicfor the base forms of (87).
Evidently the Velar Softening Rule must precede the Vowel Reduction Rule, since we have softening in the boldface position in medicine (before underlying i) but not medical (before underlying e), although in both cases the vowel following the consonant in question is reduced to [~] by Vowel Reduction.
Under this assumption, the words criticism and critical also cause no difficulty.
But consider the words criticize and medicate.
In the case of criticize, we have velar softening before a vocalic nucleus which is phonetically [I] (= ray]); in the case of medicate, we do not have velar softening before a vocalic nucleus which is phonetically [A] (= [ey]).
In other words, we have softening before a low back vowel but not before a nonlow front vowel, which is precisely the opposite of what we would expect in terms of rules of otherwise great generality.
The paradox is resolved, of course, by the Vowel Shift Rule.
The underlying representation for criticize is criticiz, and the underlying representation for medicate is medicsu (as indicated in both cases by the spellingsee note 44).
If Velar Softening applies not only prior to Vowel Reduction but also prior to Vowel Shift, then we will have softening in the case of criticize The sense in which the latter rules are much simpler will be explained later.
We shall argue that this is the only sense of simplicity that is relevant to the choice of a grammar. (before an underlying high front vowel) but not medicate (with an underlying low vowel after the c).
After Velar Softening applies, the Diphthongization and Vowel Shift Rules convert i to ray] (giving [kritisayzj) and re to [ey] (giving [medikeytj); in our alternative notation, the Velar Softening, Diphthongization, and Vowel Shift Rules convert underlying criticiz, medicet to phonetic [kritisIz], [medikAt], respectively.
There are many other examples of this sort, some of which we will discuss when we deal with vowel alternations more carefully in Chapter Four.
For the present, we simply point out that these examples provide an independent justification for the Vowel Shift Rule, and show once again the necessity of postulating lexical representations of a quite One of the most complex aspects of the phonetics of English is its intricate system of stress contours, both within the word and within the phrase.
It has long been known to phoneticians that stress contours in English have at least four (and probably five or more) perceptual levels, so that many degrees of stress must be recorded in an adequate phonetic transcription.
Furthermore, it is well known that a vowel that is insufficiently stressed, in some sense, For the most part, the study of English sound structure has been limited to the problem of developing an adequate notation.i but there have also been a few attempts to go beyond this and discover the underlying principles that determine these phenomena.
Several years ago we showed (Chomsky, Halle, Lukoff, 1956) that the major stress contours are determined by the operation of a transformational cycle.
We assumed then that the position of main stress was an independent ( phonemic) feature, and we did not investigate the rules that determine this or the rules that determine vowel reduction.
In the present chapter, we will discuss the rules of stress assignment and vowel reduction on a somewhat larger scale.
We will see that both the placement of main stress and the stress contours within 1 We will represent this neutral vowel with the symbol [:l], using the symbol [A] for the vowel of but, luck, etc.
Phonetically the vowel which we represent here as [:l] may often (or, in some dialects, always) be raised to the high central vowel [i].
We will not consider at this point the question of how, in detail, this vowel is phonetically realized in various contexts and dialects.
For expository purposes, we may accept the fiction that the vowel we are representing as [:l] is distinct from all other vowels.
See, for example, Bloomfield (1933), Bloch and Trager (1942), Trager and Smith (1951), Hill (1958),
Kenyon (1958), Kurath (1964), and, for general discussion, Gleason (1961, Chapter 3).
For example, Newman (1946).
In particular, there have been studies in which affixes are classified in terms of their effect on stress placement (e.g., Kingdon, 1958), and others in which some of the major rules are stated (e.g., Cooper, 1687, Elphinston, 1765, Marchand, 1960, all of whom noted that in many cases placement of primary stress i~ English follows the familiar Latin rules).
The distinction between th~ problem of devising an adequate (socalled phonemic) notation and that of discovering the underlying B,rinciples that determine phonetic representations is not a sharp one.
Thus, even a phonemic notation takes an initial step toward systematization in that it is concerned with lowlevelgeneralizations aboutphonetic variation that can be stated in terms of immediate phonetic the word and the phrase are largely predictable from the syntactic and the nonprosodic phonological structure of an utterance by means of a transformational cycle.
The rules of the grammar operate in a mechanical fashion; one may think of them as instructions that might be given to a mindless robot, incapable of exercising any judgment or imagination in their application.
Any ambiguity or inexplicitness in the statement of rules must in principle be eliminated, since the receiver of the instructions is assumed to be incapable of using intelligence to fill in gaps or to correct errors.
To the extent that the rules do not meet this standard of explicitness and precision, they fail to express the linguistic In Chapter Two we outlined our assumptions regarding the ordering of rules in the phonological component of a generative grammar.
To repeat the main points briefly, we assume that the rules are linearly ordered and that they are applied in the given order in forming a derivation.
Furthermore, this order is cyclical, in the following sense.
The syntactic component generates a string with a surface structure that is represented by labeled bracketing.
The sequence of phonological rules is first applied to all innermost constituents of this string.
Innermost brackets are then deleted, and the sequence applies to the new innermost constituents.
This cyclical application is repeated until the maximal domain of phonological processes is reached. (The maximal domain is the phonological phrase, which we assume to be marked in the surface structure.) We will see that certain rules are limited to the context # #...... # #; that is, they apply only at word boundaries.
These make up the noncyclical phonology that we will discuss in greater detail in the next chapter.
Our attention here will be directed rather to the cyclical transformational rules that apply in contexts determined by major syntactic categoriesrules that therefore reapply, in general, at successive stages of the We have also assumed that there may be a somewhat more complex principle of ordering within the linear sequence of rules.
A certain subsequence may form a block of rules which are disjunctively ordered in the sense that if one of these rules applies to a certain substring, the other members of the block are not applicable to this substring in this stage of the cycle.
Rules not subject to this restriction on their application are conjunctively ordered.
Disjunctive ordering must be indicated by an appropriate convention; we will show various examples and will suggest appropriate formal devices and generalizations as we proceed, extending the observations of Chapter Two.
In Chapter Eight these notions will In short, at this point in the exposition we suppose the phonology to consist of a linear sequence of rules, some subsequences of which form disjunctively ordered blocks.
These rules apply in a cycle, as determined by the surface structure of the string to which they apply.
In this way they convert a formal object generated by the syntactic component, that is, a string of formatives with surface structure marked, into a phonetic representation of the string.
The sequence of representations formed in this process we call a  derivation of the phonetic representation from the underlying phonological representation.
Thus the It is a curious fact that this condition of preciseness of formulation for the rules of a generative grammar has led many linguists to conclude that the motivation for such grammars must be machine translation or some other use of computers, as if there could be no motive in clarity and completeness other than phonological component specifies the relation between phonetic and phonological representation.
To be slightly more precise, the syntactic component generates a string of formatives, some of which are given _in lexical representation, with surface structure marked.
The readjustment rules, operating along the lines indicated in Chapter One (pp. 911), convert this formal object into a string in full phonological representation, with surface structure marked.
The readjustment rules thus provide a link between the syntactic and the phonological components of the grammar.
We presuppose, henceforth, that we are dealing with the formal objects provided by the readjustment rules which apply to the structures generated by the syntactic component.
In Chapter Eight, we return to a brief consideration of readjustment rules.
Let us now briefly review and extend the notational conventions introduced in the Where X, Y, Z, and Ware strings of symbols of arbitrary complexity, an expression of the form (1) is an abbreviation for the sequence (1a), (lb), and an expression of the form
(2) is an abbreviation for the sequence (2a), (Zb), in the order shown.
In expression (1) there are two items enclosed by the braces; thus (I) abbreviates a sequence of two expressions, i.e., (Ia), (1b).
Similarly, (3) abbreviates the sequence (3a), (3b), (3c), and the same convention is extended to an arbitrary number of items in braces.
When notations such as (2) have been used in the construction of generative grammars, it has generally been tacitly assumed that the ordering abbreviated by the use ofparentheses is disjunctive (in this case the ordering (2a), (2b)).
In the case of braces, however, the ordering is assumed to be conjunctive.
Thus the expressions (3a), (3b), (3c), abbreviated as (3), are conjunctively ordered; but the ex~,ressions (2a), (2b), abbreviated as (2), are disjunctively For any feature complex X, jhesymbol XJ:t stands for a string of no less than m and no more than n occurrences of X.
Thus Cb stands for one occurrence or zero occurrences of C, and C] stands for exactly one occurrence of C (where C stands for a segment which is a nonvowelsee p. 68).
The symbol X m stands for a string of no less than m Xs.
Thus C z stands for a string of two or more occurrences of C.
When no subscript or superscript is given, it is to be assumed that both the subscript and the superscript are I.
Thus CVC o, for example, stands for a string of exactly one nonvowel followed by exactly one vowel and then applied the brace notation to the sequence (6a), (9), giving (10): stands for exactly one occurrence of a lax (nontense) vowel; etc.
The notation X::, is definable in terms of the parenthesis notation.
We will tentatively assume that it has the same formal conventions associated with it.
Thus, a rule of the form... q... , for example, abbreviates the two disjunctively ordered rules...
CC... ,...
C... ; we thus take...
Cr... to be an abbreviation for...
CCC)....
We will actually make little use of this property of the notation X::, (see, however, pp. 17576, Chapter Four), and we mention it here only to clarify the meaning of the notation.
There is one ambiguity that must be resolved.
The notation (4a), for example, is an abbreviation for (4b), which is ambiguously interpreted as either the sequence (Sa) or the sequence (Sb), depending on which parentheses are expanded first in (4b).
We will assume henceforth, rather arbitrarily, that alternative (Sa) is correct and that, in general, substrings abbreviated as Y{ are expanded later than substrings enclosed
There are several other ambiguities to be resolved in the meaning of these notations.
One, of crucial importance in our material, is this.
Suppose that we have the sequence of If we apply the brace notation to (6a), (6b), we derive (7): But now we can apply the parenthesis notation to the sequence (7), (6c), giving (8): Alternatively, we might first have applied the parenthesis notation to (6b), (6c), giving (9), The alternatives that lead to (8) and (10), respectively, differ in their empirical consequences, because of the conventions just stated regarding conjunctive and disjunctive ordering.
If the sequence (6) is abbreviated as (8), it follows that (6a) and (6b) are each disjunctively ordered with respect to (6c).
If the sequence (6) is abbreviated as (10), it follows that only (6b) is disjunctively ordered with respect to (6c).
Therefore, it is clearly an empirical question We have one clear case to illustrate the empirical effects of this choice, namely, the case of stress placement with affixes, whicli was discussed in Chapter Two (pp. 3136), and which will be discussed in more detail in Section 6 of this chapter.
The correct choice, in this case, is (8).
That is, when confronted with a sequence such as (6), we must first apply braces and then apply parentheses.
This was the decision made, without comment, in Chapter It is conceivable that this decision is ad hoc and depends on the empirical facts in each case.
If so, it follows that one cannot determine from the sequence of rules constituting the grammar what is the organization of the grammar in terms of disjunctive and conjunctive ordering.
In other words, this organization is in part arbitrary, a feature of grammar that must be specified independently of the linear ordering of rules.
Evidently, it would be quite interesting to determine whether there is a general principle governing this organization, given the sequence of rules.
A natural principle that suggests itself at once is this: abbreviatory notations must be selected in such a way as to maximize disjunctive ordering.
Given the sequence of rules (6), this principle would lead us to assign the organization of rule application defined by (8) rather than that defined by (10).
The principle seems to us a natural one in that maximization of disjunctive ordering will, in general, minimize the length of derivations in the grammar.
The question of how an internalized grammar is used in performance (speech production or perception) is of course quite open.
Nevertheless, it seems reasonable to suppose that the grammar should be selected in such a way as to minimize the amount of computation that is necessary, and that length of derivation is one factor in determining complexity of computation.
Naturally, this principle must be regarded as quite tentative.
We will adhere to it where a choice arises, but we have very little evidence for or against it.
To find empirical evidence bearing on a principle of this degree of abstractness is not an easy matter, but the issue is important, and one should bear it in These remarks by no means exhaust the quite deep question of how disjunctive and conjunctive ordering are to be assigned to the sequence of rules constituting the phonological component and how ambiguities in the interpretation of the notations are to be resolved.
We shall have a few more comments to make on this matter as we proceed.
There is no difficulty, in principle, inresolving all ambiguities one way or another.
However, our feeling is that premature formalization should be avoided, and that we should leave questions open where we have no empirical evidence and no considerations of plausibility, however vague, that would lead tf~ to one or another of the possible decisions.
Research in phonology is barely beginning tareach the depth where questions of this sort can be examined.
With these remarks, we merely wish to point to the fact that these problems can now be posed in a meaningful way and that one can search for empirical evidence to resolve them.
Proceeding now to other types of notation used here, we will follow the convention of marking the heaviest (main) stress as I stress, the next heaviest (secondary) stress as 2 stress, etc.
This convention conforms to familiar usage but has the disadvantage that weaker stresses are indicated by larger numbers.
The reader should take note of this to avoid possible confusion.
We will also occasionally use the conventional notation V, Y, V for primary, In stating rules of the transformational cycle, we will, as in the first two chapters, use boldface square brackets [ ] to indicate the syntactic IC analysis of the surface structure.
If the brackets are labeled by a sequence of (one or more) category symbols, the rule in question is restricted to strings belonging to one of the indicated categories.
If the brackets are unlabeled, the rule is unrestricted as to category.
The boldface square brackets that are used to mark syntactic structure are not to be confused with the brackets [ ] used to enclose The rules that determine stress contours are, for the most part, rules that assign primary stress in certain positions, at the same time weakening the stresses in all other positions by one.
We might think of these as rules that assign [0 stress], with the convention that after every application of such a rule, all integral values for stress within the domain of this rule (which is a maximal string containing no internal brackets) are increased by one.
Whenever primary stress is placed by a rule V ~ [l stress] I..., an interpretation of this We take distinctive features to be the minimal elements of which phonetic, lexical, and phonological transcriptions are composed, by combination and concatenation.
The alphabetic symbols that we use freely in the discussion below are therefore to be regarded as nothing more than convenient ad hoc abbreviations for feature bundles, introduced for ease of printing and reading but without systematic import.
Thus, for example, if the symbol Iii appears in the discussion, it is to be understood as an abbreviation for a A feature complex of this sort we call a unit if it is fully specified in terms of features; otherwise, an archiunit.
If the unit has the feature [+ segment], we call it a  segment (or, if not fully specified, an archisegment ), If it has the feature [segment], we call it a boundary.
However, in discussing examples, we will not always make a consistent distinction between fully specified segments and archisegments where this is not relevant to the point at issue, and we will often use the same alphabetic symbol for a segment and various archisegments of this segment.
We do this simply to limit the use of alphabetic symbols in expository passages to some reasonable number.
Except for this proviso, we will generally use alphabetic symbols with their conventional phonetic interpretations as abbreviations for feature sets; but where possible ambiguity in the exposition might result, we will resort Our use of the concept distinctive feature differs from that of many others in a number of ways.
On the one hand, we have made fairly extensive revisions in the catalog of features as well as in the terminology utilized in previous work.
A detailed discussion of the revised framework is to be found in Chapter Seven.
In addition, we distinguish sharply between the classificatory and the phonetic function of distinctive features.
It is only in their classificatory function that all features are strictly binary, and only in their phonetic function that they receive a physical interpretation.
As classificatory devices, the distinctive features playa role in the full specification of a lexical entry (along with syntactic and semantic features and idiosyncratic classifications of various sorts that determine the behavior of a lexical entry with respect to the rules of the. grammar).
As phonetic parameters, the distinctive features provide a representation of an utterance which can be interpreted as a set of instructions to the physical articulatory system, or as a refined level of perceptual representation.
The major function of the phonological component is to derive the phonetic.represenration of an utterance from the surface structure assigned to it by the syntactic component, that is, from its representation in terms of classificatory features of the lexical items it contains, its other nonlexical formatives, and its analysis in terms of immediate constituents, all of this material having been modified in an appropriate way by readjustment As classificatory devices, features are binary.
As a first approximation, we may assume that they are provided with a coefficient that can take one of two values: + (plus) or (minus).
On the other hand, since phonetic features are generally multivalued, we may think of them as having positive integers as coefficients.
Thus, in the representations that constitute the surface structure (the output of the syntactic rilles), specified features will be marked as plus or minus; but the phonological rules, as they apply to these representations, will gradually convert these specifications to integers.
We will not actually give the rules that effect this conversion in most cases because our interest in sound structure, in this book, does not extend to matters such as degree of aspiration, degree of fronting of vowels, etc.; we will, however, give the rules that determine degree of stress.
In principle, all rules should It is conventional to enclose phonemic representations in diagonals (i.e., in the form I...I) and phonetic representations in square brackets (in the form [... ] ).
We will follow a similar convention where it contributes to the clarity of the exposition, using diagonals for representations in which the features are functioning as classificatory devices (and are specified plus or minus) and square brackets for representations in which they function phonetically (and are specified with integers, in principle).
But we cannot adhere to this convention rigidly.
The diagonal vs. squarebracket convention was designed for a taxonomic theory that assumed two levels of representation, phonemic and phonetic, related by unordered taxonomic rules (e.g., phoneme A has the variant B in the context X_Y)6 which apply simultaneously.
However~ a grammar consists of a long sequence of ordered rules See Sledd (1966) for a discussion of very detailed lowlevel phonetic rules for a Southeastern American dialect, within a general framework. of the sort that we are discussing here.
Whether phonetic or phonemic coJtext is intended is not always made clear, and there is, in fact, some question as to how well the requirement of simultaneous application is met.
For discussion, see Chomsky that convert initial classificatory representations into final phonetic ones, and in the intermediate stages there will be representations of a highly mixed sort.
We will therefore make no attempt to use the diagonal vs. squarebracket convention systematically, though we will It appears from our investigations that the optimal grammar of English is one in which stress is predicted by rule rather than one in which stress is inherent in the phonological matrix. of a lexical entry.
Thus we are assuming, in effect, that one of the earliest rules of the phonological component is a rule R which assigns to each segment and boundary (see Section 1.3.1) the feature specification [stress].
Various rules will then replace [stress] in vowel segments, but not in boundaries or consonants, by integral values of stress, in certain positions.
We will assume, as a convention, that all integral values of stress are a subdivision of the category [+stress].
Thus, when a rule assigns the specified feature [nstress], for some integer n, in a certain segment, this segment now belongs to the category [+stress] rather than the category [stress] to which it belonged after the application of rule R.
The notation [+ stress], then, serves as a cover symbol for all segments with integrally marked values of stress; a rule applying to a segment containing the specification [+stress] automatically applies to all segments which contain the specification [nstress], for some integer n, and which are not otherwise excluded by the formulation of the rule.
We expect that the same (or some similar) convention is needed for all features, but since we have not systematically investigated the problem of replacing categoria1 specification by phonetic degree in the case of features other than stress, we do not propose this now as a general convention but merely as a specific one for present purposes.
We note, however, that some such convention is needed as part of general linguistic theory.
A detailed discussion of the phonetic correlates of the different features is given in Chapter Seven.
For the present we will limit ourselves to a brief comment on the features that playa central role in determining stress contours.
These are the features segment, The feature  segment distinguishes segments from boundaries.
It seems to us that the appropriate way to exhibit the structure of a system of boundaries is by an explicit feature analysis.
Thus each boundary will be a set of features, one of which is the feature Our tentative assumption is that the segmental features and the boundary features fall into distinct sets (with an exception noted on pages 6768).
Among the features of the Only a single boundary is marked [+ FB].
This boundary, which we will designate with the appears between the final segment of one formative and the initial segment of the following formative.
We can think of it as being inserted in this position in terminal strings by a general convention.
All other boundaries are marked [FB].
One of the nonFB boundaries is the unit # that appears automatically before and after a word and in sentenceinitial and sentencefinal position.
We will also have occasion to refer to another boundary, which we will denote by the symbol =.
In our terms, the unit = must be dis, tinguished from # by some feature, let us say the feature WB  (word boundary).
Thus the stands for the feature complex [segment, + FB, WB],9 # stands for the feature complex [segment, FB, + WB], and = for the feature complex [segment, We assign a very special status to formative boundary, in the following way.
We can be marked in a rule, but that the absence of be marked in a rule.
This means that a rille such as (12), where X, Y, and Z are segments, applies to the threeunit string X+Z, converting it to Y+Z; but a rule such as (13) is an Alternatively, we could dispense with this element and permit reference in rules to formativeinitial and formativefinal position.
Note that formative boundary is an actual symbol of the representation, with a feature structure, and is not to be confused with the concatenation operator that would be represented In our formulation, formative boundary neoer is preceded or followed by a boundary but must be This assumption regarding the role of formative boundary in phonological rules is indispensable.
The other boundaries do not behave in this manner.
Thus rule (13) does not abbreviate replaced by #.
A string containing # is not subject to a rule unless this rule explicitly mentions # in the proper position.
Notice that this convention amounts to a fairly strong empirical assumption about the nature of rules.
It implies that although we can frame phonological processes which are blocked by the presence of the boundary #, we cannot frame processes that are blocked by the presence of formative boundary.l If a process applies to a sequence without formative boundaries, it also applies to otherwise identical sequences containing these units.
This condition is inoperative only in the case of the lexical redundancy rules, which refer exclusively to the internal structure of formatives and really belong to the system of readjustment rules rather As noted on page 66, one of the earliest rules of the phonological component will assign to all unitsboth segments and boundariesthe feature [stress].
Since our
Recall the discussion of # and word boundary in Chapter One, pages 1214.
Thus we are supposing that [WB] is an automatic, redundant feature of formative boundary.
The general basis for this remark will becolne clear in Chapter Nine. 10 More precisely, in order to express the fact that a process is blocked by the presence of formative boundary, we must resort to certain auxiliary devices,described in the next chapter, thus adding to the complexity of the grammar.
The most highly valued ( simplest) grammar, then, is one in which phonological processes that apply when there is no foBnative boundary apply also when this unit is present, though not conversely, and in which processes statedAin terms of other boundaries apply where and only where these rules assign stress only to vowels, a sequence of n units specified [stress], may include not only unstressed vowels and consonants, but all types of boundaries as well.
This unique treatment of the feature stress reflects the fact that stress is a prosodic feature, i.e., a feature whose domain extends over sequences that are longer than a word.
Let us turn now to the features that classify segments, limiting our discussion here to features that are relevant to the functioning of the transformational cycle.
The features vocalic and consonantal give a fourway classification of segments, As indicated in (15), we will use the cover symbol V as an (informal) abbreviation for the I] and the cover symbol C as an abbreviation for nonvowel, Among vowels we will rely on a further classification provided by the feature tenseness.
Our use of tenseness, as a phonetic feature, can be clarified by an examination of the Phonetically the difference between tense and lax sounds can best be characterized as a difference in the manner in which the articulatory gesture is executed.
A tense sound is executed deliberately so that the articulating organs actually attain their various target configurations; in producing a lax sound, on the other hand, the gesture is executed rapidly and with reduced There are certain dialects (western New England, for example) in which the gap in this chart, namely, 12 Namely, those in which (till) call is distinct from the modal call.
This distinction is fairly common, and almost completely predictable, in many American dialects, but the contexts in which it appears vary. 13 The vowel of bun is higher as wellas laxer than that of balm.
Some dialects have another vowel corresponding more closely in quality to the vowel of balm but shorter, namely, the vowel of bomb.
In general, of amplitude.
Tense vowels are, therefore, distinguished from the corresponding lax vowels by being more intense, of longer duration, and articulated with a greater deviation of the vocal cavity from its neutral (rest) position.
These facts have led to the description of lax vowels It will often be convenient to use a special notation for the tense vocalic nuclei.
As in Chapter Two, we will use capital Latin letters for this purpose, each letter being used for the sound which serves as its name.!.
Thus we will frequently make use of informal representations of the following kind: Except for frequent use of this device, we will generally give examples in ordinary orthography (occasionally with internal morphological structure indicated and with occasional use of standard phonetic symbols); This slight deviation from ordinary orthography serves the present purpose of identifying certain vocalic nuclei as tense; but as we have already seen in Chapter Two, it has much other justification as well.
Our decision to use slightly modified conventional orthography in presenting examples instead of, let us say, familiar (taxonomic) phonemic notation is motivated in part by a desire to avoid burdening the reader with a new notation; but, much more importantly, it is justified by the fact that conventional orthography is remarkably close to the optimal phonological representation when letters are given a feature analysismuch closer, in most respects, than standard phonemic transcription.
We have touched on this matter in Chapter Two, and we will return to it again in the next chapter where we will give a full analysis of Consider the stress assignment in the following list of verbs: The verbs in column I have main stress on the penultimate vowel, whereas in columns II and III stress falls on the final vowel.
A closer examination of the list shows that the verbs with penultimate stress end in a nonteiise vowel followed by a single consonant, while the verbs
We are thus considering diphthongsgand the triphthong [yiiw)) to be, phonologically, tense vowels. with final stress have a tense vowel or a diphthong in the last syllable (column II) or they end in two consonants (column III).
To account for the observed stress distribution, we (i) the penultimate vowel if the last vowel in the string under consideration is nontense and is followed by no more than a single consonant; (ii) the last vowel in the string under consideration if this vowel is tense or if it is Using the customary formalism for the statement of phonological rules, we can restate will later extend these notions slightlysee pp. 83, 103104.) Thus case (i) asserts that primary stress is placed on the penultimate syllable if the final syllable terminates in a weak cluster; and case (ii) asserts that a final strong cluster receives primary stress.
As just formulated, rule (20) is unduly cumbersome, since the same condition is, in effect, stated twice, case (i) and case (ii) being mutually exclusive.
Case (ii) can therefore be replaced by the condition that the rule applies in all contexts other than those specified in case (i), We can achieve this effect by making use of the notion of disjunctive ordering.
Suppose that we replace rule (20) by (21), specifying that the two rules abbreviated by (21) strong cluster (i.e., elsewhere).
Thus, (21), plus the condition of disjunctive ordering, restates However, our notations permit a somewhat more compact statement of (21), namely: to give *astonish.
I 7 As matters stand, however, case (ii) is inapplicable and we derive astonish, as required.
The examples of column II (e.g., maintain) and column III (e.g., collapse) are not subject to (2Ii) because the final cluster is strong.
Consequently case (ii) applies, assigning primary stress to the vowel of the final syllable.
Notice that monosyllables (e.g., eat, fit) are
The last vowel in the string under consideration receives primary stress.
We note without further comment the essential identity of (J 9) and the rule governing stress distribution in Latin.
See Halle and Keyser (forthcoming) for discussion of how this rule was incorporated into the Recall that we regard diphthongs as tense vowels in underlying lexical representations, the glide being inserted (and the quality of the vowel determined) by phonological rules (see Chapter Two, The fact that the rule must, in our terms, be stated in the form (23)16 explains why the ordering is disjunctive, given our general conventions regarding the parenthesis notation (see Chapter Two, p. 30).
We therefore need make no separate statement about the disjunctive ordering of cases (i) and (ii) of (21), since it follows as a consequence of the fact that (23) is the correct representation for these rules.
Notice that the appropriateness of the abbreviation (23) depends on the convention regarding the order of expansion of parentheses discussed For ease of exposition, we will continue to refer to the rule of stress placement in the form (21) rather. than in the fully reduced form (23), keeping in mind that the two cases of Let us now return to the examples in (18), at the beginning of this section.
The items in column I of (18) (e.g., astonish) are assigned primary stress on the penultimate vowel by case (i) of (21), since the final syllable terminates in a weak cluster.
If the ordering of (21) were not disjunctive, case (ii) would now apply, assigning primary stress on the final syllable The requirement of disjunctive ordering guarantees that case (ii) (= (22)) will apply only where case (i) has not applied; that is, it allows us to express the notion elsewhere.
The two parts of rule (21) apply in sequence, the first assigning primary stress to a penultimate vowel if the final syllable terminates in a weak cluster, and the second part assigning primary stress to the vowel of the final syllable if this syllable terminates in a Case (i) of rule (21) is identical to case (i) of (20).
Case (ii) of (21) asserts that: To say that the rules may be given in a simpler form implies that they mils! be given in that form.
More precisely, the notations that weuse definea certain valuation measure for grammars; the value ofa grammar is determined by the number of symb,gls that appear in it when notations are used in the optimal fashion.
Rules are ordered by conventions associated with the parenthesis (or other) notation when the use of this notation is in fact optimal in the case in question.
See Chapter Eight for more detailed discussion. 17 Other conditions can be invented to prevent application of case (ii); for example, we might propose that stress is placed by (22) only in the cohtext [stressJo.
Stronger evidence that it is the condition of disjunctive ordering that is actually involved here will be forthcoming in Section 6, where examples are We have here a stress pattern that is identical with that exemplified in (18) except for the final extra syllable, which, it will be observed, consists in each case of a nontense (lax) vowel followed by zero or more consonants.
We can therefore apply rule (21) here too if we exclude the final lax vowel (with the consonants following it, if any) from the domain of application of the rule.
It appears, then, that rule (21) operates in two separate contexts: first, it applies to nouns ending in a nontense vowel followed by zero or more consonants. this last VC o string being omitted from consideration; secondly, it applies in an environment which we will provisionally describe simply as elsewhere.
More formally, we have the The subsequence (25bi), (25bii) forms a disjunctively ordered block, as does the subsequence (25ei), (25eii).
The block (25ei), (25eii) is simply the sequence represented as (21) and discussed in Section 2.
In the case of the verbs of Section 2, condition (b) is never met and (25) Let us now turn to the examples of (24).
Consider first America, as a prototype of column I.
Condition (b) of (25) holds, since the last vowel of America is nontense and the word itself is lexically marked as a noun.
Dropping from consideration the context indicated in condition (b), we are left with the string Americ, to which we must apply rules (i) and (ii) of (25), in that order.
Case (i) is applicable; it assigns primary stress to the penultimate vowel of Americ, giving America.
Case (ii) is skipped because of disjunctive ordering.
We next turn to condition (e) of rule (25).
Unfortunately, this is applicable, as it always is, and case Notice that we have here a rule of the form A + B / CD / EF.
Recall that the notation A + B / C D has the meaning CAD + CBD.
By a double application of this convention, the notation A + B / C D / EF has the meaning ECADF + ECBDF.
Thus our earlier conventions have already accounted for rules of the form (25).
The order of the rules abbreviated in this way, which we will discuss below, is also strictly determined by the definition of the notation A + B / CD as an abbreviation for CAD + CBD. (See To apply rule (25) to a string qi, we ask first whether cp is a noun with a lax vowel in its final syllable, that is, whether it meets condition (b).
If not, we turn to condition (e).
Suppose, however, that the answer to the first question is yes, so that cp is of the form: We now ask whether iT falls under case (i), If it does, we assign primary stress as indicated by (25bi), and we skip (ii) since the order (i), (ii) is disjunctive.
If iT does not fall under case (i), we ask whether it falls under case (ii), and, since the answer to this question is always yes, we assign stress to the last vowel of iT, as required by (25bii).
No matter what has happened so far to the string cp, we now ask whether it meets condition (e).
The answer is always positive.
We therefore apply case (i) if the final cluster of cp is weak (skipping case (ii) because of the disjunctive ordering), or we apply case (ii) As matters now stand, rule (25) abbreviates a sequence of four rules which apply in The stress pattern of nouns with a tense vowel in the final syllable does not follow the present rule; e.g., anecdote, Palestine, magazine, attache.
These cases are discussed in Sections 4 and 16. 19 In order to preserve uniformity of reference in the various versions of the rules that we will consider, we will designate the subparts of these rules by the symbols that will identify them in the final formulation to be given in this chapter.
Thus here we give only conditions (b) and (e); others will be added below. (i) will give the form *America.
We must therefore prevent the application of condition (e) in this case.
In fact, as we shall see, application of condition (e) must always be blocked when condition (b) has applied.
In other words, the ordering of (b) and (e) must be disjunctive if We will return directly to the question of the disjunctive ordering of conditions (b) and (e).
Let us now simply assume that the ordering of (27) is fully disjunctive; that is, if anyone of the rules of (27) applies, the later ones in the sequence are skipped.I.
The examples Turning to column II, let us take arOma as a prototype.
Condition (b) holds, giving arOmas the string to which cases (i) and (ii) are to be applied.
Case (i) is blocked by the tense vowel of the final syllable of arOm.
We can therefore go on to case (ii), which assigns primary stress to this tense vowel.
Condition (e) is then skipped because of the disjunctive ordering, and we are left with arOma.
The example veranda of column III is treated in exactly the same way, except that application of case (i) under condition (b) is now blocked by the consonant cluster ndinstead of by the tenseness of the penultimate vowel.
The other examples of columns II and III are handled in exactly the same way.
Thus rule (25) correctly determines the placement of primary stress for the verbs of (18) and the nouns of (24).
The only difference between the verbs and the nouns is that for the latter, a final string VC o (where V is lax) must be omitted from consideration before the application of the rule to either (i) the syllable preceding a weak cluster or (ii) the final vowel, that is, the strong final cluster of the string under consideration at this point.
This distinction between nouns and verbs with respect to stress placement can be illustrated with bisyllabic forms as well as with the longer examples of (24).
Thus, nouns such as ldrynx, lantern, tempest, stipend, infant, onyx, mallard have penultimate rather than final stress, indicating that stress has not been assigned under condition (e) of rule (25).
Further support for the rule in the form given is provided by doublets such as umbilicusumbilicus, abdomenabdtrmen.
In accordance with (25), we have penultimate stress if the penultimate vowel is taken to be tense in the underlying representation, and antepenultimate stress if the penultimate vowel is taken to be lax.
Exceptions to rule (25) will readily come to mind, e.g., cement, giraffe, burlesque, Mississippi, ellipse, umbrella.
We will{feturn to several classes of real and apparent exceptions Since the ordering of cases (i) and (ii)fis disjunctive, to achieve full disjunctive ordering in (27) it is necessary only to add the condition that the ordering of (b) and (e) is disjunctive.
The following nouns have the same stress pattern as those of (24): In the dialect of American English that is the basis for our description, these nouns end in tense vowels.
Therefore they do not fall under rule (25), and their stress pattern is still We note, however, that in this dialect, there are peculiar gaps in the phonetic distribution of vowels in final position.
Roughly speaking, we have the following vowel system in For the purposes of this discussion, we distinguish only the low vowels from the nonlow vowels, and we note that in each position in (29) there is a tenselax pair (see discussion of (16), p. 68).
Limiting ourselves to nonstressed (i.e., minusstressed) vowels in final position, we find only tense nonlow vowels, as in (28), and the reduced vowel [~] (see note 1).
There are no lax nonlow vowels in this position.P and the low vowels of (29) do not appear at all, tense or lax (with apparent exceptions that we will note).
Thus it would seem that unstressed low vowels reduce to [~] in final position, while unstressed nonlow vowels become tense.
Since there are no stressed lax vowels in final position, these must become tense as well.
These observations suggest that we add to the grammar a rule tensing stressed vowels and nonlow nonstressed vowels in final position, and that we then formulate the Vowel Reduction Rule so that it does not apply to vowels that are tense.
Further investigation of vowel reduction in Section 14 will support this suggestion, as we shall see.
Notice, furthermore, that the rule tensing vowels applies not only in final position, but also in prevocalic position.
Thus, in words such as society, neophyte, archaic, the vowel Combining these observations, we might give the Tensing Rule in the form (30): With rule (30) in the grammar, we can now allow all vowels to appear freely in final and There is apparently considerable dialectal variation here, as has been noted repeatedly in the literature, as, for example, the comments on final y in Kenyon and Knott (1944): When final, the unaccented vowel in pity... and similar words varies with different speakers in America from a sound like the I in bit... or like the first I in pity... to a sound that approaches the i in bee...  (p. xviii).
Notice that of the non low vowels, only [iI, [0], and [u] appear in the examples of (28)
([u] only marginally).
Thus there is an additional gap in phonetic distribution beyond that under discussion here, namely, in the case of final [e].
We return to this matter in Section 16. prevocalic position in underlying forms.
In particular, the final vowel of the items of (28) can be lax.
Thus the examples of (28) are assigned stress by rule (25) in exactly the same way as those of (24).
Then, after stress assignment, they become subject to rule (30) and the Vowel Reduction Rule.
When the final vowel is phonologically low and lax, it will reduce, as in Canada (from /kremedref), agenda (from /regendreJ).
When it is nonlow, it will become tense by rule (30) and will remain unreduced, as in the examples of (28).
Notice that as rule (30) now stands, it tenses all vowels in prevocalic position, independent of lowness or stress.
Thus we find unstressed tense vowels in the boldface positions of various, arduous, archaism ([firkAizm]), Hebraism (jhebnAizm]), etc.
We shall see in the next chapter that the [A] of the last two examples derives from a phonologically low vowel.
There is, however, another dialect in which the forms archaism, Hebraism are phonetically [arkoizm], [hebroizm].
To derive these results, we assume that the affix ism is We shall observe, as we proceed, that there are quite a few examples of conditions such as that on IX and ~.
Conditions of this sort are not, strictly speaking, formulable within the framework we have established up to this point.
However, in Chapter Eight, where we give a careful analysis of the postulated notational system, it will be seen that such conditions can actually be accommodated in a rather natural way.
We will see in the next chapter that rule (30) is one of several tensing rules.
Examples with phonologically tense vowels in final position will be considered at the conclusion of the Our decision to represent the underlying final vowel in words such es fidsco, Chicago as nontense may raise some question, since a nontense /0/ (i.e., the lax counterpart to the vowel in cone) does not appear phonetically in the utterances of the dialect we are describing.
But we specifically reject the assumption that there must be a oneone relationship between the underlying lexical or phonological representation and the phonetic output; and we see no reason to suppose that underlying representations will be restricted to segments that appear in phonetic representations.
Such a requirement would, in fact, be quite artificial and ad hoc.
Whatever motivation it might have had is lost once the classificatory and phonetic functions of distinctive features are distinguished.
We will find other empirical examples which, like the example of /0/ just discussed, indicate that no strong oneone requirement on linguistically significant representations can be maintained; and we will, furthermore, find good evidence that underlying /0/ also appears nonfinally in lexical representations.
Postulation of phonetically unrealized segments is no great departure from established practice.
Thus, junctures (i.e., what we are calling boundaries) of the sort that are freely used in all phonemic descriptions do not generally have uniquely identifiable See Z.
S.
Harris (1951, Chapter 8); Hockett (1955); Chomsky, Halle, Lukoff(1956).
It was once thought that a useful notion of juncture might be developed in purely phonetic terms, specifically, in terms of the tempo of the preceding segments. (See, for example, Stockwell, Bowen, SilvaFuenzalida (1956, p. 643); Hill (1958, p, 24); and the discussion in Hill (1962).) This proposal was supported by the claim that such phonetic correlates are clearly audible and by reference to a few observations reported by Joos (in Hill, 1962), which were taken to show that the slowing down in tempo for the three postulated junctures was, respectively, approximately two a~erage phoneme lengths, about onehalf phoneme length less, and about one average phoneme length (Stockwell, et al., 1956).
That anyone still retains this hope is doubtful, particularly in the light of the criticism in Lehiste (1964) and the results of Lieberman Summarizing the discussion so far, we have established the rule (25), which, as a first approximation, accounts for placement of primary stress in nouns with a lax vowel in the final syllable (condition (b)) and elsewhere (condition (e), which we have so far illustrated only with verbs).
The rule has two cases which apply under each of these conditions: case (i) assigns primary stress in the syllable preceding a weak cluster and case (ii) assigns primary stress to the final vowel.
The two cases are disjunctively ordered, so that case (ii) in fact applies to monosyllables and to strings with final strong clusters.
The two conditions (b) and (e) are also disjunctively ordered, so that the parts of the rule (namely, (bi), (bii), (ei), (eii)) constitute a disjunctively ordered block.
Ru1e (25), with its successive modifications, will henceforth be referred to as the Main Stress Rule.
Still to be accounted for is the requirement that conditions (b) and (e) are disjunctively ordered.
We will naturally try to accomplish this on the basis of some general empirical assumption regarding the form of grammars, instead of leaving it as an ad hoc and particu1ar constraint.
Earlier, we proposed that when rules can be simplified by the parenthesis notation, they are disjunctively ordered.
Suppose, in fact, that we were to modify slightly our notation for marking surface structure, using a string of symbols such as N] instead of labeled brackets such as ]N The two conditions of rule (25) would, in this notation, be Hence, if we were to use the notation N] instead of ]N for representing surface structure, the conditions (b) and (e) would be assigned a disjunctive ordering automatically by our general empirical assumption about simplifiability with the parenthesis notation.
But obviously there can be nothing of any significance that turns on the choice between these two notations for representing surface structure.
We must therefore extend our system for expressing rules in such a way as to eliminate this particular discrepancy between the notations.
This can be accomplished readily by generalizing the parenthesis notation so that it permits the expression of discontinuous dependencies.
For this purpose, we will make use of angled brackets in the following way.
An expression of the form (33) is to be an abbreviation for the Xl Y1 X2Y2·. .
X n YnXn + 1 In other words, an expression with angled brackets abbreviates two expressionsone in which all angled elements appear and another in which none of these elements appear.
This is a generalization of the use of parentheses to the case of discontinuous dependencies.
It is therefore quite natural to stipulate as a general principle that when rules can be simplified Returning to the two conditions of rule (25), we can now abbreviate them in the Summarizing, the Main Stress Rule can now be given in its fully abbreviated form (36): The expression (36) abbreviates the four rules (27), and, furthermore, it assigns a fully disjunctive ordering to these four rules.
For ease of exposition, we will continue to present the rules in the expanded form (25), bearing in mind, however, that they are disjunctively As far as we know, the only cases of disjunctive ordering are those in which rules can be simplified in terms of parentheses and angled brackets, and in all such cases the rules are disjunctively ordered.
If this is correct, we can tentatively propose the following quite strong empirical hypothesis: where parentheses or angled brackets are required (see note 16)for the abbreviation of a sequence of rules, these rules are disjunctively ordered; in all other cases, rules are conjunctively ordered (but see Chapter Eight, Sections 3 and 4).
We have too little evidence to be able to assert this as a general hypothesis about linguistic structure with full confidence, but we will adhere to it, with some refinements and elaborations, in this study of Let us now consider the effect of the Main Stress Rule on nouns with a tense vowel in the final syllable of the phonological representation, for example, the word domain (phonologically, jdOmAnf).
Since the vowel in the final syllable is tense, condition (b) of rule (25) is not met, and case (i) is inapplicable under condition (e).
Thus, by (eii), primary stress is McCawley (l967b) givesevidence that Sapir, in his phonological analysis, accepted the convention that we are rejecting here, namely, that segments can appear in a phonological representation only if they also appear, somewhere, in phonetic representations. (Actually, due to other differences in the theoretical framework, the assumptions are not strictly identical.) We have remarked in various places that our approach to problems of phonological structure is in many respects very similar to that of Sapir, although quite different from that developed in both the United States and Europe since the mid1930s. (In fact, the title of this book is intended to suggest just this.) If McCawleys observations are correct, this historical remark must be qualified, though it remains true that in many significant respects we are following in the We will use the angle notation in several closely related ways as we proceed, giving a precise and general account in Chapter Eight, where parentheses are also covered as a special case.
We will interpret a string
X Y)Z, where X and Z contain no angles, as the same in meaning as XZ.
We should point out that the angle notation is not invented ad hoc for the description of English.
In fact, the angled bracket and parenthesis notations have been used in essentially the way we use them here in most of the work in generative grammar, particularly generative phonology, during the past fifteen years.
As we have now noted several times, the choice of abbreviatory notations within our framework amounts to an empirical hypothesis regarding the notion linguistically significant generalization  and, ultimately, regarding the basis for language acquisition.
The fact that the same notations appear adequate in a wide variety of cases is therefore a matter of some interest. placed on the final syllable, giving dOmAn.
In the same way, rule (25) accounts correctly for the position of primary stress in nouns such as: machine, brassiere, regime, career, baroque, toupee, canoe, cheroot, police, bazaar, In searching for additional examples of nouns with final stress, we observe that there are few examples with three or more syllables.
There are, of course, words such as Tennessee, attache, chandelier, kangaroo, chimpanzee, and almost all words ending in certain suffixes (e.g., eer, ier, ee, Mette).
However, the large majority of words of three or more syllables have primary stress on the antepenultimate vowel and tertiary stress on the final vowel, as The Main Stress Rule will account for Tennessee, attache, etc., but not for the large mass of examples illustrated by (38), which would incorrectly receive final primary stress by case (ii), under condition (e).
To account for forms such as those in (38), we must add a new rule that applies after the Main Stress Rule and assigns primary stress to the vowel of the antepenultimate syllable.
We will call this rule, which we formulate as (39), the Alternating Consider now a typical example with (39)hurricAn, for instance.
By rule (25eii), primary stress is assigned to the final vowel, giving hurricAn.
By the Alternating Stress Rule (39), primary stress is then assigned to the first vowel, and the stress on the final vowel is automatically reduced to secondary (see p. 64), giving hurricAn.
To obtain the conventional representation, we add the very late subsidiary rule (40), which limits secondary stress to Within a word, all nonprimary stresses are weakened by one. 2 5 We will refer to rule (40) as the Stress Adjustment Rule.
In the case of hurricane, it gives, finally, hurricAn, as required.
The other examples of (38) are taken care of in exactly the same way.
The few wordslike Tennessee and attache, on the other hand, must be lexically categorized in some way so as to prevent application of the Alternating Stress Rule (39).
We thus put them, for the moment, in the class of exceptions.
Notice, incidentally, that for some words (e.g., refugee, magazine), application of the Alternating Stress Rule is optional. 26 Rule (39) produces alternations of stressed and unstressed vowels.
It is thus one of the factors contributing to the frequently observed predominance of iambic rhythms in We will formulate this rule precisely later on.
Notice that the rule is, in effect, a terminological convention regarding the designations primary, secondary, etc.
It is a natural convention, since it retains integral values for the perceptual stress levels.
Notice also that this rule does not apply until we reach the 26 In the next chapter, we will discuss a method for marking exceptions to rules which will also make it Notice that the final stress of such words as Tennessee may shift in certain syntactic constructions
(cf.
Tennessee Williams, Tennessee Valley).
We return to this phenomenon on page 117.
The examples of (38) are all nouns, but the Alternating Stress Rule applies to verbs as well.
In columns II and III of (18) (that is, the verbs with final stress, p. 69) all the In these cases the tense vowel of the final syllable receives tertiary rather than primary stress, and the primary stress is antepenultimate, exactly as in the case of the nouns of (38).
The reason is identical.
Thus, the final vowel of vIolAt receives primary stress under case (25eii) of the Main Stress Rule, and rule (39) shifts the primary stress to the first syllable, giving vIolAt.
Rule (40) then adjusts this representation to vIolAt.
The other examples are In discussing the examples of (28) in Section 3, we concluded that all vowels can appear in wordfinal position in underlying representations, and the Tensing Rule (30) will combine with Vowel Reduction to convert the nonlow lax vowels to their tense counterparts and the unstressed low vowels to [;:l] in this position.
Now we are able to compare polysyllabic words having final lax vowels in their lexical representations (e.g., words such as buffalo, albino, commando, and the others of (28)) with words having final tense vowels in Consider, for example, the word Arkansas.
Notice first of all that there are the alter1 native pronunciations [arkansaw], [arksenzos].
The latter is straightforward; it derives from /rerkrenzVs/, with an unspecified lax vowel in the final syllable, by case (25bii) of the Main Stress Rule and other rules irrelevant here.
The former derives from a lexical representation in which the final vowel is tense rather than lax, and in absolute final position rather than before lsi.
Condition (b) of the Main Stress Rule (25) is therefore excluded, and by (25eii). we derive arkansas.
This becomes arkansas by the Alternating Stress Rule (39) and arkansas Similarly, consider such familiar pairs as effigyrefUgE and Kennedychickadli.
Here we have a phonetic contrast of tertiary versus quaternary (zero) stress on the final [E].
We accountfor the distinction by giving the lexical representations /efVgi//refug+E/, /kenVdi/1 /cikVdE/, respectively.F The stress pattern of effigy and Kennedy is, then, determined by rule (25bi), exactly as in the case of the examples of (28), column 1.
The stress pattern of refugee and chickadee, on the other hand, is determined by rules (25eii), (39), and (40), exactly as in the case of hurricane, Arkansas, etc.
We have here the alternants refUgee, chickadee in the case where application of rule (39) is blocked (as in Tennessee, attache).
The (fairly free) alternation in this case supports the decision to take the final vowel to be lexically tense.
The variants are then determined by an optional lexical feature which blocks rule (39).
Tensing and diphthongization of the final vowel are automatic, by the Tensing Rule
(30) and other rules that we discuss in the next chapter, in all the cases in question here.
We have so far considered only n~uns and verbs, but the rules we have given apply to adjectives as well.
Consider the examples of (42), in which columns I, II, III correspond to columns We are concerned here only with the final vowel, but, as we shall see in the next chapter, the lexical I, II, III of (18) and (24), and column IV corresponds to (38) and (41):
The placement of primary stress on the penult in column I is determined by rule (25ei). (The last two examples in column I involve an application of rule (30) as well, to tense the underlying lax vowel in wordfinal position.) In columns II and III, the final syllable is stressed by rule (25eii).
In column IV, the final syllable is stressed by rule (25eii), exactly as in the case of columns II and III, but then the primary stress is shifted two syllables to the left by the Alternating Stress Rule (39) and the contour is adjusted by rule (40).
Thus the four types of forms solid, supreme, absurd, manifest are all assigned their proper stress We find, as in the case of nouns, that the Alternating Stress Rule is optional for certain adjectives.
Thus, alongside of obsolete we have obsolete; alongside of absolute we have absolute.
This option is restricted to certain adjectives with tense vowels in the final syllable.
Another occasional doublet is clandestine (with a final lax vowel and penultimate stress) versus clandestIn or clandestEn (with a tense vowel in the final syllable and antepenultimate primary stress).
In this case it is the choice of the final vowel that is free.
Once its tenseness To the exceptions that we noted before, we must now add several others, e.g., Consider the following adjectives, all of which end in a suffix consisting of a lax vowel Strong examples for column II in (43) are rare: there are few polysyllables with final tense vowelsbefore these affixes, and some of them (e.g., sonorous, decorous) have variants with a lax vowel (in which case the examples will fall in column I).
The reason for including polyhedral and polyhedrous in column II Certain words that might seem appropriate for column II (e.g., audacious, ferocious) actually belong in column I, since the orthography is, in these cases, essentially correct as an underlying representation, for reasons which will become clear in the following chapter.
Notice that if this were not so, The similarity of these examples to those of (18), (24), and (42) is evident, and we therefore would naturally expect that the Main Stress Rule (25) would account for (43) with at most minor modifications.
Notice, in fact, that rule (25) would account for these examples directly if we were to extend condition (b) of (25) to adjectives as well as nouns.
We cannot simply do this, however, for consider the effect on the examples of (42), in particular those of column III.
If these are assigned stress by the noun rule (25b), stress will fall on the first syllable.29 Similarly, the examples of column IV of (42) with final double consonant require the verb rule (25e), rather than the noun rule (25b), to account for the tertiary stress on the final We conclude, then, that the adjectives of (43) are subject to the noun rule, while those of (42) are not.
The basis for the distinction of these two classes is evident; the examples of (42) are primary adjectives, unanalyzable into stem plus adjectival suffix, while those of (43) are secondary adjectives, formed by adding a suffix to a stem.
Thus primary adjectives are assigned stress by the verb rule (25e), while secondary adjectives are assigned stress by the We can express this fact by adding, alongside of condition (b), a new condition (a) which is exactly like (b) except that the sequence it specifies is a monosyllabic formative.
Thus we have the two conditions (44a) and (44b) (where As it actually does in the case of the exceptions honest, modem, hdggard, etc., noted above.
Thus an extension of condition (b) to adjectives Would make these regular and the examples of (42), column Ill, exceptions.
But the latter are much more numerous, and, furthermore, there are subregularities among the former that allow a still more succinct statement of exceptions in this case.
There are also, as we will see, other reasons for distinguishing the adjective rule from the noun rule.
Using the angle convention discussed on pages 7677, we can abbreviate the two cases These have stress on the antepenultimate vowel, indicating that they are treated by the Main Stress Rule as examples of column I rather than column III of (43).
In other words, stress is assigned to these words by case (i) of (25) rather than by case (ii).
But case (i) assigns stress to a syllable followed by a weak cluster, that is, followed by a lax vowel and no more than a single consonant, whereas in (46) the penultimate lax vowel is followed by two consonants.
Evidently, we must extend the notion weak cluster to include a lax vowel followed by no more than a single consonant followed by an optional liquid or glide.
Closer examination reveals that clear examples of such clusters are restricted to those ending with [r] and [w].
Since the absence of clusters ending with [y] is due to the fact that [y] is generally not found in postconsonantal position, we need not restrict our rule so as to exclude such sequences explicitly.
On the other hand, the absence of weak clusters ending in [1] suggests that we explore the possibility that clusters ending in a consonant followed by [1] are strong rather than weak.
An immediate consequence of this is that the geminate sequence [11] renders a cluster strong.
There must be in the grammar a special rule that simplifies geminate sequences of consonants (see (156) below and rille (67) of Chapter Two).
We can, then, account for the placement of primary stress in adjectives such as , cerebellar, morbillous, medullar by representing these with geminate /11/, as opposed to cephalous, perilous, scurrilous? etc., which have a single /If in the underlying representation, or chivalrous, which contains a weak cluster ending with ls].
Notice that [r] followed by a true consonant gives a strong rather than a weak clusterr.
This abbreviates a disjunctively ordered sequence of two conditions: the first applies to a noun or an adjective with a final monosyllabic formative containing a lax vowel; the second applies to a noun with a lax vowel in its final syllable.
Since the ordering is disjunctive, (45) truly abbreviates (44). (If the ordering were conjunctive, (45) would have a different effect from (44) in the case of nouns, since both of the rules abbreviated by (45) would apply.).
The formula (45) is the appropriate way to present the facts that we have so far exhibited, but for ease of exposition, we will keep the two cases separate in this discussion and refer to the unabbreviated form (44).
We will consider in the next section the question of compatibility between (45) and the abbreviation (36) for conditions (b) and (e) of the Main In sum, we allow the Main Stress Rule to apply under both of the conditions given (45)), that is, to a noun with a lax vowel in the final syllable or to an adjective with a monosyllabic suffix containing a lax vowel.
We apply cases (i) and (ii) of (25) after omitting from consideration the final +C oYCo string (or YCo string in the case of nouns).
Before restating the expanded Main Stress Rule, we take note of another qualification There is a further difference between (44) and (45) for the case of nouns of the form...
VCoVC+C1 VCo or...
VCoV+C2 VCo, where V is a lax vowel.
Rule (44) would assign primary stress to the penultimate syllable in such cases, whereas rule (45) would assign antepenultimate stress.
We have no very clear examples one way or the other.
We may, however, make use of (45) in describing such exceptions to the general rules as minister, for example.
The lexical representation cannot be /ministr/ (cf. ministerial), but must rather have /ster/ as its final syllable.
By rule (44) the stress contour should then be mintster, If we give the lexical representation as /mini+ster/, however, rule (45) will assign stress in the proper way.
The proposed extension of the concept weak cluster (and the corresponding modification of the Main Stress Rule) is needed also for nouns, that is, for the examples falling under condition (b).
Thus we have algebra, vertebra, with antepenultimate rather than penultimate stress, indicating that the penultimate syllable is treated as a weak cluster, as opposed to armadillo, vanilla, umbrella, with a strong cluster ending in a geminate /11/. 32 To express the concept of weak cluster properly in our rules, we refer to the feature analysis of liquids and glides given in (15) (p. 68).
Liquids are consonantal and vocalic; glides are nonconsonantal and nonvocalic.
Thus liquids and glides are the categories that are identical in specification with respect to the features vocalic and consonantal.
We will follow the practice of using small Greek letters as variables ranging over feature specifications (that is, over the symbols + and and the integers).
With this convention,
However, we need to exclude [1] as the last segment in a weak cluster while allowing [r].
The difference between [1] and [r] in feature terms is that [1] is [+anterior], whereas [r] is [anterior].
Glides, on the other hand, are [anterior]. (See Section 3 of Chapter Four.) Thus, in the feature notation that we have adopted in this book, a cluster is weak if it ends in a consonantal segment followed by a segment which is [anterior] and in which the coefficients of the features vocalic and consonantal assume the same value.
A The stress rules we have discussed so far are the Main Stress Rule, the Alternating Stress Rule, and the Stress Adjustment Rule.
These rules now have the following tentative form: At this stage of representation, there are no sequences VGC, where G is a glide, since diphthongs are still 32 We again make note of several apparefit exceptions, e.g., pellagra, candelabra, allegro (in the dialectal variant with a phonetically lax penultimate vowel).
We return to these in Section 16.
There also seem to be some cases where the sequence VCI acts as a weak cluster.
See note 82 and pages 140 and 197.
We are indebted to J.
Fidelholtz and J.
R.
Ross for the particular form of the concept of weak affixes _y,33 like, able, ish, and affixes such as ing, past tense, hood, ness, ly, wise.
We can indicate the fact that an affix is neutral by making use of the # boundary which is introduced, by a universal convention, before and after each string belonging to a lexical category, that is, each string dominated by N, A, or V in the surface structure (see Section 1.3.1 and Chapter One, Section 5.3).
Thus, the word soliloquizing, for example, might be
Within a word, all nonprimary stresses are weakened by one.
Rule (52) is noncyclical, applying just at the level of word boundary in the cycle.
Rule (50) is the central cyclic rule.
Rule (51) will, in fact, apply only once in a derivation, for other reasons, but it is not restricted to the level of word boundary.
Within rule (50) the ordering is automatically determined as (ai), (aii), (bi), (bii), (ei), (eii).
Furthermore, the ordering of cases (i) and (ii) is disjunctive, and the ordering of conditions (a), (b), and (e) is disjunctive.
These facts are made explicit if we state the Main Stress Rule in its more abbreviated form (see (36), (45)) as follows: Angled brackets with the same numerical indices are expanded together.
We number the angles here only to bring out the structure of (53) more clearly.
The indices are actually superfluous in this case since there is only one way to expand the expression (53) in accordance with our conventions.
Later we will make use of indexing of brackets to enrich our In accordance with the convention for angled brackets, the expression (53) states that the two rules (50i) and (50ii) are applied in the three contexts (50a), (50b), and (50e), obtained by reading (53) first with all angled material included (case (a)), then with the material enclosed in <2 >2 excluded (case (b)), and finally with all angled material excluded
(case (e)).
Furthermore, the ordering of.(a), (b), and (e) and of (i) and (ii) is disjunctive.
The parenthesis and angle notations therefore characterize the ordering explicitly.
Before illustrating these rules with several examples, we will mention some additional limitations on the applicability of condition (a).
Alongside of the affixes that affect stress placement and that are subject to condition (a), there are other neutral affixes which characteristically play no role in the placement of stress, for example, the adjectiveforming where the word may be functioning as a verb (he is soliloquizing), as a noun (soliloquizing is out offashion), or as a noun modifier (the soliloquizing Dane).
On the first cycle, the inner1 most constituent receives the stress pattern [vsoliloquIz]v by rule (50eii) and rule (51).
On the second cycle, condition (a) is ruled out since it is limited to affixes preceded by +.
Condition (b) is also inapplicable, because of the presence of # in soliloquiz#ing. (Recall that #, as opposed to +, must be mentioned in a rule if that rule is to apply to a string containing #.) Condition (e), however, applies, and will shift primary stress, incorrectly, to the affix ing)ecause of the double consonant in the underlying form.
To eliminate this possibility, we add to the Main Stress Rule (50), (53) the qualification: This qualification guarantees that a wordinternal cycle will be vacuous when it applies to a Notice that the presence of the # boundary is quite well motivated on different grounds in many of these cases.
The inflectional affixes which are neutral with respect to stress also characteristically affect final clusters in the same way as word boundary does.
For example, in many dialects Igl drops after nasals in wordfinal position but remains in wordmedial position, so that we have [sin] but [mingl] (from underlying IsiNg/, ImiNgl/, respectively, INI being the archisegment nasal consonant ).
But before ing, er (agentive), ed, ly, etc., Igl also drops, so that we pave [siI]iIJ], [sinr], contrasting with [fingr]; [rind], [holtinly](or, with a different ly affix, [kinly] ), contrasting with [singly], the latterfrom phonological IsiNgl # lY/, with the III of 1#lyl dropping after ICl/; or [kinlct], from IkiNg#IVt/, This is needed to account for the fact that in words such as hinder, cylinder, remember,
Not to be confused with the nounforming y of democracy, presidency, etc.
The feature sonorant  is redundant in English, though not in all languages.
It distinguishes vowels, liquids, glides, and nasals from nonnasal (obstruent) consonants.
A syllabic sonorant consonant will ultimately have the neutral vowel (which we are representing as [;I)see aote 1) inserted before it.
Thus hinder is phonetically [hindr] = [hinder].
Notice that not all words with a final syllabic sonorant have a final consonantsonorant cluster in the underlying representation.
Thus odor, danger, valor, titan, Homer, for example, have final vowelsonorant clusters in both underlying and phonetic representations, as we can see from the forms odorous, dpngerolls, ualorous, titanic, Homeric.
Notice that rule (56) is also needed to account for stress placement, and that it must follow the Main Stress Rule in the sequence of rules.
Consider, for example, the forms cyitnder, carpenter.
Only rule (50bii) can assign primary stress in the first syllable to these words, but the application of (50bii) here requires that the final cluster be of the form /Vndr/, /Vntr/, respectively, where V is a lax vowel. carpenter, disaster, schism, burgle, twinkle, the sonorant is syllabic in wordfinal position although the underlying representations must be lhiNdr/, IsiliNdr/, IrEmeNbr/, IkrerpVNtr/, Idisrestr/, Isizm/, Iburgl/, ItwiNkl/, as shown by the related forms where these sonorants are twinkling (in the sense of instant, from ItwiNkl +liNg/, the fl/ of lliNgl dropping, as above, after ICl/).
However, the sonorant is also syllabic in forms such as hindering, hindered, remembering, burgled, twinkling (the participlej.i indicating that these neutral affixes also carry the boundary #.
Similarly, the nounforming y affix, which is not neutral with respect to stress placement, changes preceding ItI to [s] (democratdemocracy, presidentpresidency), but the neutral, adjectiveforming y does not affect final ItI (chocolaty, bratty, etc.),36 indicating that it carries the boundary # that blocks this process.
The affixes that carry # are, to a certain extent, syntactically distinguished.
For the most part, these are the affixes that are assigned to a word by a grammatical transformation, whereas the derivational affixes that affect stress placement are, largely, internal to the lexicon.
In other words, if # is automatically associated with lexical items and automatically introduced to the right of a suffix (or the left of a prefix) attached to a member of a lexical category by a transformation, then the resulting distribution of boundaries is fairly close to what is required for the operation of the phonological component.
This principle for assigning # is the same, in many cases, as the principle that # should be introduced at the boundary of strings dominated by a lexical category in the surface structure (see Chapter One, pp. 1214).
Thus the word singing is a verb containing the verb sing, and so on.
Notice that # may be deleted before affixes under certain circumstances.
Consider, for example, the variants analyzableanalyzable.
We can derive the former from the phonological representation l:A [yana+llz]y #ablh, and the latter from the same representation with # deleted.
When the word boundary # is present, the stress pattern is that of the underlying form anallz in isolation, since the second cycle is vacuous.
When the boundary is dropped, as is not uncommon when able is added to longer forms, the affix able (represented lreblf) is subject to condition (a) of the Main Stress Rule.
Thus, in the second cycle, case (ii) of the rule shifts primary stress to the strong cluster immediately preceding the affix So far, then, we have two classes of affixes, those that assign primary stress by the Main Stress Rule and those that carry # boundary and are therefore neutral.
Superficial examination would suggest that it is necessary to distinguish two other classes of affixes (apart from those that take primary stress), namely, those of the 1 category, which place primary stress on the final syllable of the string to which they are affixed (e.g., ion, ic, ity, ify), and those of the 2 category, which generally place stress on the penultimate syllable of the string to which they are affixed (e.g., y, ate, ize].
Actually, most of these affixes are perfectly regular and require no special comment.
In particular, the 2 category is superfluous.
As far as y is concerned, we will see in Section 15 that it is entirely regular.
Examples such as illustrate, antagonize, as we shall see, receive their stress contour by the Main Stress Rule, which places primary stress on the final strong cluster, and the Alternating Stress Rule (51), which then shifts primary stress two syllables to the left.
In other examples (e.g., chdracterize, radicalize), ize is simply a neutral affix preceded by #.
As far as the 1 category is concerned, we see at once that most of its members simply fall under the Main Stress Rule.
If we analyze ity, for example, as _i+ty,37 then the fact that stress falls on the syllable immediately preceding it is accounted for by case (ai) of the Main Stress Rule (50), since the stemforming element + that precedes the final affix In fact, aside from the two categories of neutral affixes and affixes that assign stress by the Main Stress Rule, we have only the exceptions ic and ion to deal with among lax affixes, and no further classification need be given.
Furthermore, as we have noted, the distinction between neutral and nonneutral affixes is drawn fairly clearly on general grounds.
It seems, then, that there is no significant classification of affixes with respect to stress placement; there is the mass of affixes that fall under the general Romance Rule, and, in addition, there is the margin of exceptions to be expected in the case of any phonological The best way to deal with exceptions is to modify their representations in some ad hoc way so as to enable them to fall under the regular rules, which can then remain unaltered in their simplest and most general form.
Thus the fact that ion always places primary stress on the syllable immediately preceding it is easily accounted for if we give ion the underlying representation liVn/, IVI standing for the archisegment : lax vowel.
Words such as prohibition, inhibition, nutrition will now be represented [prohibitjivn], etc., when we enter the second cycle.
Condition (a) of the Main Stress Rule (50) does not apply, since the affix contains two vowels, but condition (b) does apply, excluding the final string IVnl from consideration and assigning primary stress to the syllable preceding the weak cluster of the residue Iprohibit+i/ by case (i).
Thus we have [prohibitiVn], which receives its full stress contour in the appropriate way by rules to which we shall turn later on.
Primary stress, however, is now correctly placed.
The forms in Ation will receive primary stress on IAtl, as required, in the same way.
In the case of words such as compulsion, permission, invasion, profusion; primary stress will have been placed on the second syllable in the first cycle. (The final stress on verbs like compel and permit will be accounted for in Section 10 of this chapter.) The second cycle, then, is vacuous.
Primary stress will also be placed properly by the same rule in words such as pavilion, battalion, champion, companion, dominion if we give them the representations Iprevil+iVn/, etc.
Other reasons for treating ion as bisyllabic in the underlying form will appear in Chapter Four, Section 4.1.
To complete the account of ion, we must add the rule: Thus, rule (57) applies in words such as battalion, pavilion, million, rebellion.t? companion, dominion, union, but it does not apply in Albion, champion, clarion, criterion, oblivion.
In terms of distinctive features, dental consonants are coronal and anterior.
We regard [I] as dental, [r] as nondental (in this case, coronal and nonanterior), throughout.
Thus the rule applies after [1] and [n] as well as the dental obstruents.
We will return to a somewhat more careful formulation of this rule in 39 In the case of rebel(and several other words), rule (57) also applies before ous, givingrebellious[rEbely::ls], as opposed to punctilious [pAuktilE::ls], for example.
For more discussion of this matter, see Chapter In more casual speech, the syllabicity of [J1 (andsometimes even of [f]) may disappear as one of many 36 Notice that not all cases of adjectiveforming yare to be assigned to this /#y/ formative.
Thus we have angry, hungry with the lexical representations /reNgr+y/, /huNgr+y/ (where N represents the archisegment nasal ).
Here the affix is not /#y/, but a different affix, identical in its phonetic form but not in its phonetic effects; it does not carry # and is restricted to adjectives derived from abstract nouns.
Clearly this distinction is in accord with the sense as wel1 as the phonetics.
Notice that rule (57) must be in the cycle.
Consider the form conventional, for example.
On the first application of the cycle we obtain the representation [conv~nt+iVn].
If this representation is submitted to the second cycle with the affix al, primary stress will be placed incorrectly on the Iii of the affix string liVn+all by case (i) of the Main Stress Rule (50) under condition (a).
Hence (57) must apply, removing this vowel, before the application of the second cycle..
As we shall see rule (57) is actually somewhat more general.
In the case of the second exceptional suffix, namely, ic, we must resort to some similar artifice to account for the fact that it places stress on the immediately preceding syllable.
The simplest method is to represent ic as the variant form lik+rel/.
We then add the Using certain devices that we will develop in Chapter Four, Section 2.2, we will associate with each lexical item taking ic+rel an indication as to whether it mayor may not undergo rule (58).
Thus, in the words basic, public, sulfuric, rule (58) is obligatory; in theatrical, neurological, it is inapplicable; in ironic(al), analytic(al) the rule is optional.
In some cases (e.g., economic(al), historic(al)) the applicability of rule (58) depends on the sense of the We shall see in the next chapter that we can make use of this underlying bisyllabic representation and rule (58) to account for other exceptional features of ic, in particular, its effect on stressed vowel alternations.
Notice that all forms undergo rule (58) when the affix ly is added; thus the rule is needed even apart from the considerations mentioned A word such as titanic will now have the representation ~tItren +ik +relh as we enter the second cycle.
The Main Stress Rule will assign primary stress to the antepenultimate syllable by case (i) under condition (a), and [el] will then be deleted by rule (58).
W~ now give two examplestheatricality and indemnificationto illustrate the stress placement rules in the case of affixes.
Consider first the word theatricality, with the underlying representation indicated in the derivation (59): An appar~nt al~ernat!ve to rul~ (57), in such cases, would be to introduce into the cycle the rules that convert /tJ/ to [sl, as In c01I~entlOn, so that on the final cycle we consider the full form conventional with the representation [co~vensVn+rel].
This is impossible, however, as we shall see in Chapter Four, Section 6, because the.reductl~n. of the vo,,:,e~ is condi~ional upon the degree of stress on the following vowel
(compare cordialcordiality), and this IS determined later in the cycle.
T~e adjectiveformi~gsuffi~ ic, which we are at this point representing as /ik+rel/, is not to be confused ~Ith the nounform~ng ending ic, which we represent simply as tiki.
The latter, then, will assign stress in th: no~mal way m nouns sU~h a~ arithmetic, Catholic, arsenic, climacteric.
Notice that only al and not ical is affixed to forms ending In ic, The effect is to shift the stress, giving such pairs as the noun arithmetic versus the adjective arithmetic (from arithmetical, by rule (58», as in arithmetic progression.
There.are.a few wellknown examples in which the adjectiveforming affix assigns stress to a syllable preceding It by tw~ (e..g., Arabic,.cllole~i~); we might indicate this by a readjustment rule deleting al.
Pres~mably the adjectives Cath~izc, politic are denved from the corresponding nouns by an adjectiveforming process that does not Involve affixation of ic,
We are indebted toG, Carden and G.
H.
Matthews for suggestions regarding the analysis of ic.
The final line of (59) becomes a full phonetic representation by other rules that we have not Reviewing the steps of this derivation briefly, we see that in the first cycle the innermost constituent [Neeretr]N falls under condition (b) since it is a noun with a lax vowel in the final syllable.
Case (i) does not apply, since there is only the single syllable leel under consideration when the final VC o string lretrl is excluded.
Thus case (ii) applies, assigning stress to lee/.
This completes the first cycle and we erase innermost brackets.
If we were dealing with theater in isolation, we would now apply rule (56), to make the final r syllabic, and the Vowel Reduction Rule, giving, finally, [eEgtr]. (The change of [e] to [E] in this position results from rule (30), the quality change (Vowel Shift) being contingent on tensing for stressed In the second cycle we are dealing with an adjective with a lax vowel in the final monosyllabic affix.
Thus condition (a) is applicable, and case (i) shifts primary stress one syllable to the right.
We pass by case (ii) and conditions (b) and (e) because of the disjunctive ordering.
If were dealing with theatrical in isolation, we would derive the phonetic repre3 1 sentation [eEretrgkg1], by rule (52), rule (30), Vowel Shift, and Vowel Reduction.
In the third cycle, condition (a) holds and case (i) shifts stress to the right once again.
The disjunctive ordering requires us to skip case (ii) and conditions (b) and (e).
Finally, we apply the Stress Adjustment Rule (52), giving theatricality, as in the last line of (59).
In the first cycle conditions (a) and (b) are not met, and we turn to condition (e).
Case (i) is inapplicable because of the final strong cluster, and case (ii) assigns primary stress to the final syllable.
The Alternating Stress Rule (51) then shifts primary stress to the ante1 penultimate vowel.
In isolation, therefore, we would have indemnify, by Stress Adjustment and a rule which deletes [k] in the position +CoI] # #.
In the second cycle, we are dealing with a noun that falls under condition (b),which shifts stress to the right by case (i).
Case (ii) and condition (e) are skipped because of the disjunctive ordering.
The Stress Adjustment Rule (52) then gives us the desired stress pattern.
Vowel Reduction, consonant softening, and other rules we will discuss give, finally,
Innumerable other examples receive their stress patterns by these rules in similar ways.
The rules we have given so far apply only within the word; the condition (55) in the Main Stress Rule, that X must 80t contain the boundary # internally, is sufficient to guarantee this.
In Chapter Two we described the operation of the transformational cycle above the level of the word, noting that two rules are involved, the Compound Rule and the Nuclear Stress Rule.
We must now incorporate these higher level processes into the formulation The salient facts concerning nuclear stress were well summarized by S.
S.
Newman (1946), as follows: When no expressive stress disturbs a sequence of heavy stresses, the last heavy stress in an intonational unit receives the nuclear heavy stress (p. 176).
Thus, in a noun phrase such as absolute equality or a verb phrase such as demand capitulation, the main stress of the second word is heavier than that of the first.
Suppose that we have the phrase absolute equality, with the phonological representation taken tentatively as (61) (with segments which will be justified later): In the first cycle, absolute becomes absolute by rules (50eii), (51), and (52); and equal becomes equal by (50ai).
Innermost brackets are now erased, and the second cycle applies to the noun equality, giving equality by (50ai) and (52).
Thus, at the end of the second cycle we have the representation (62) (after the nontransformational, wordlevel rules have also Suppose that we were to define a scale of sonority in such a way that more heavily stressed vowels are greater in sonority than less heavily stressed vowels and that all vowels are greater in sonority than consonants or boundaries.
Then the Nuclear Stress Rule states that primary stress is placed on the last sonority peak of a string that contains at least one word (the only sonority peak, in the case of Stress Adjustment).
Similarly, in the first cycle case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule has the effect of placing primary stress on the last sonority peak of the string under consideration (the only sonority peak, where this string is a monosyllable).
In [ErAs], for example, the second vowel is the final sonority peak; in [rAn] (rain) there is only one sonority peak, namely, the vowel.
This observation suggests that it might be possible to formulate the Main Stress Rule so as to include the Nuclear Stress Rule as a special case, combining it with case (ii).
We have investigated this possibility in detail, but we are inclined to think that this is a spurious generalization since such a reformulation requires a network of otherwise unnecessary conditions in the statement of The verb phrase demand capitulationwill be derived in exactly the same way as the noun phrase absolute equality.
Thus we have the following derivation: As our rules now stand, the next cycle is vacuous and gives (62) as the final output.P We may take account of the phenomenon of nuclear stress by adding the new rule (63): where Y contains no vowel with the feature [1 stress] We will call this the Nuclear Stress Rule, as in Chapter Two.
As formulated, it will not apply to units smaller than a word.
Applying it to (62), we derive (64), as required :43 Notice that we can now eliminate the Stress Adjustment Rule (52), since it is simply the special case of the Nuclear Stress Rule that applies at the level of word boundary (when X contains no primarystressed vowel).
However, we will generally continue to refer to the
Nuclear Stress Rule as the Stress Adjustment Rule when it applies to the single primarystressed vowel that appears at the level of words.
One of the widely accepted conventions for representing stress levels is precisely this.
See, e.g., Jones (I956b).
We will, however, accept the position of Newman, Trager and Smith, and others regarding nuclear stress in such constructions, and will modify the rules so as to accommodate their descriptions 43 Recall the discussion in Chapter Two, Section 2, regarding the accuracy of such transcriptions and the physical basis for them.
If one makes the assumption (quite gratuitous, for the moment) that stress contours are physical as well as perceptual phenomena, then it would make sense to ask whether the internal relations of stress in the words absolute and equality are the same when these words are in isolation as when they appear inthe phrase absolute equality.
The familiar paired utterance test should provide an answer to this question.
The representation (64) implies that the internal relations of absolute are the same in the phrase absolute equality as in isolation, while those of equality differ.
Our conventions could be modified to permit other representations, but in the absence of any evidence bearing on the matter, it seems pointless to pursue such possibilities.
See also the discussion in Chapter Two, Section 1, In the first cycle, primary stress is placed on the final syllable of the two innermost constituents, both of which are verbs, and the Alternating Stress Rule (51) applies to the polysyllabic form capitulate.
At the next stage we deal with the phrase capitulation and assign primary stress to the antepenultimate vowel /A/.
The Stress Adjustment Rule then assigns primary stress to the last (and only) sonority peak, giving capitulation.
In the third cycle, we consider the verb phrase as a whole and assign primary stress to the last sonority The other examples of the Nuclear Stress Rule discussed in Chapter Two now fall Our informal discussion of the transformational cycle in Chapter Two dealt with Nuclear Stress and Compound Stress.
We have accounted for the former, and must now add a rule for compound nouns, adjectives, and verbs such as those of (66) (the nouns, of course, being As in the case of the Nuclear Stress Rule, we deal here with two constituents, each of which has received a primary stress on the preceding cycle..
The Nuclear Stress Rule (63) assigns primary stress to the second sonority peak, reducing by one all other stress levels in the phrase under consideration; the Compound Rule, on the other hand, assigns primary stress to the first of the two peaks, reducing all other stress levels by one. [1 stress] / [# # x [ ] Y# #Z# #]NAV This rule will apply to a string of the form # #.:rv Y # #Z # # which is a noun, adjective, or verb with the two immediate constituents XV Y and Z.
Its effect will be to weaken all stresses in the construction under consideration except that of the primarystressed vowel of XV Y.
Thus # # chemistry # # laboratory # # will become # # chemistry # # laboratory # #, Clearly the Compound Rule (67) must apply prior to the Nuclear Stress Rule (63); furthermore, the ordering of these rules must be disjunctive or the Nuclear Stress Rule will reapply after the Compound Rule, weakening all but the primary stress.
Now observe that our system of notations in fact requires (68) as the simplest formulation of the two rules sense of research laboratory for chemistry, not laboratory for chemistry research ), kitchen towelrack (in the sense of towel rack in the kitchen, not rack for kitchen towels ), evening mathematicsclass (meaning mathematics class held in the evening ), etc.
Notice that the phrases chemistry laboratory, research laboratory, kitchen rack, towel rack, evening class, mathematics class all have primary stress on the first element, and the full phrases The early applications of the transformational cycle will assign a single primary stress to A, B, and C in (69).
In the cycle, we consider the now innermost phrase [N#B# # C# ]N Primary stress is placed on B by the Compound Rule.
Erasing innermost brackets, we have [N# # A # # B # # C # # ]N But the Compound Rule, as it stands, is ambiguous in its application to this form.
We can take Z of (67), (68) to be C, or we can take it to be B# # C.
If we take Z to be C, the primary stress will be placed on B (the last sonority peak), and we will have the stress contour 213 for the examples given above.
If we take Z to be B# # C, the primary stress will be placed on A (the only sonority peak), and we will To guarantee the contour 213, we can add the following qualification to (67) and where Y contains no vowel with the feature [1 stress]45 The formulation (68) expresses the disjunctive ordering (67), (63) in precisely the desired way.
The two rules abbreviated as (68) determine the stress contours discussed in Chapter Two exactly as outlined there.
With the material in angles, (68) is the Compound Rule; when the material in angles is omitted, (68) is the Nuclear Stress Rule.
We will, as usual, continue to refer to these rules in their unabbreviated forms (67) and (63).
There is an ambiguity in the formulation of the Compound Rule in (67) and (68) for one particular construction, namely, a compound whose second member is again a compound, that is, a construction of the form: Such constructions are rare.
Possible examples are chemistry researchlaboratory (in the This remark is not quite correct.
Although it is true that compounds are strictly limited to two immediate constituents, this is not necessarily true of the phrases to which the Nuclear Stress Rule applies.
Thus the rule may apply to a noun phrase such as all old, tired, disconsolate, retired teacher, in which there is no internal structure among the coordinated items.
It will assign main stress to the last sonority peak
(namely, teacher) and reduce the stress on each of the adjectives to secondary.
The operation of the transformational cycle is guided by the surface structure produced by the syntax.
The syntactic component must assign to each generated string a labeled bracketing that determines appropriately the sequence of applications of the rules.
In the example of the last paragraph, it must assign no internal structure to the coordinated items (consistently with the sense, in this case).
It is possible, however, that certain adjective sequences must be internally organized in the surface structure in order for the correct phonetic output to be produced (e.g., tired old mall as distinct from old, tired mall), though there may be a different basis for this phenomenonsee page 117.
Just what the syntactic rules are that determine these surface structures is not known, and we have arbitrarily placed this problem, along with other syntactic problems, outside the scope of our study.
We simply note here that various types of surface structure must be submitted to the phonological component, in particular, coordinate
4S The condition on Y is irrelevant for the Compound Rule.
To guarantee the contour 123, we can add to (67) and (68) the qualification: Our impression is that the normal stress contour in these cases is 213, and we will therefore give the Compound Rule with qualification (70) rather than (71) in subsequentformulations.t Our formulation of the Compound Rule does not take account of a familiar convention for the representation of English stress contours, namely, that there is a distinction in stress contour between compounds such as elevator boy or chemistry teacher, which are represented with tertiary stress on the second member of the compound, and those such as elevator operator or chemistry laboratory, in which the second member of the compound retains secondary stress.
With the system of rules that we have given so far, the second member of the compound will, in each case, have secondary stress.
To account for this distinction, we must add an ad hoc rule providing that secondary stress in the rightmost member of a compound is reduced still further when this member has some property P.
The property P might, for example, be the property of containing just a single vowel with the feature [+ stress], or it might be formulated in a slightly different way, depending on how one wishes to assign a stress contour to compounds such as soccer referee, UN attache, land surveyor, pimeson, car window.
It is not clear whether this is a question of fact or merely of convention.
Whatever decision is made as to the appropriate property P (which might, for example, involve idiosyncratic features of particular lexical items, if we take the contours that have occasionally been described in the literature as factually accurate), the appropriate rule can be formulated in terms of it, with no effect on the rest of the system.
We will therefore disregard this matter and tentatively assume that in all cases the stress contour is to appear as We will also omit the string ##X from the formulation of rules (68).
This string plays no role; it was included only to bring out the domain of the rule more clearly.
To summarize, the rules that apply at the word level or beyond are the Compound and Nuclear Stress Rules, which apply in this order, disjunctively..
Each assigns primary stress to a vowel which already contains primary stress, weakening all other stresses in the string under consideration.
Applying at the level of words, the Nuclear Stress Rule is what we called earlier the Stress Adjustment Rule; its effect is to reserve secondary stress for phrases that contain more than one word.
The Nuclear Stress Rule assigns primary stress to the rightmost sonority peak in the string under consideration; with the possible exception of items of the form (69), the Compound Rule assigns primary stress to the leftmost There are many verbs in English that are morphologically analyzable into one of the prefixes trans, per, con, etc., followed by a stem such as fer, mit, cede, cur, or pel.
This analysis is strictly internal to the lexicon, playing no role in syntactic rules, so far as we know.
The stress placement rules must assign primary stress to the final formative in these words, regardless of whether it contains a strong or weak cluster.
Thus, even when such verbs end in a weak cluster, as in (72), stress is final: Clearly, then, we must prevent case (i) of the Main Stress Rule (under condition (e)) from applying to these forms while still allowing it to apply to furnish, worship, covet and other examples of the sort illustrated in column I of (18).
That is, we must identify the complex verbs in some manner that will account for their exceptional behavior.
The simplest way to do this is by a readjustment rule which adds an identifying feature to the internal boundary in verbs of the prefixstem type (72). (See Section 1.3.1 for a discussion of the feature analysis of boundaries.) Since these stems and prefixes are not, in general, independent words or even separate lexical items, we do not expect to find # in this position.
Rather, we expect to find the boundary which, in terms of feature analysis, is [FB, WB], that is, distinct from both and #.
We use the symbol = as an informal abbreviatory notation for the feature set [segment, FB, WB].
Thus we assign to the examples of (72) the underlying representations (73), where INI is the archisegment nasal and /II is the archisegment lax vowel (which is, furthermore, back and high, at least in the case of concur in dialects which have the phonetic form [kankxront] for concurrentsee the next chapter for details).
The features of the boundary are introduced into the representation by a readjustment rule.
When we now apply the Main Stress Rule to the forms in (73), conditions (a) and (b) are inapplicable and case (i) is blocked under condition (e) because of the = boundary.
Case
(ii) then assigns primary stress to the vowel in the final syllable, under condition (e).
This analysis of morphologically complex verbs accounts for several other peculiarities of such forms.
Notice, in the first place, that trisyllabic verbs with prefixes are generally not subject to the Alternating Stress Rule (51), which assigns antepenultimate primary stress in words such as exercise, analyze, complicate, clarify.
That is, the final stress assigned by (50eii) is retained in verbs such as comprehend, apprehend, intervene, introspect, introduce, contradict, controvert.
Introduction of an automatic = boundary after these prefixes will block the application of rule (51), thus accounting for this apparent violation of the Alternating Stress Rule.
We will refine this observation directly.
A second peculiar feature of these constructions relates to segmental phonology.
There are various positions in which lsi becomes voiced in English, in particular, intervocalically when the preceding vowel belongs to one of the verbforming prefixes that we are now considering.
Thus we have voicing of lsi in resist, resemble, resolve, design, presume (compare consist, semblance, solve, consign, consumesome apparent exceptions will be discussed in Section 16).
We can now describe this phenomenon by a rule such as (74) (which,
One additional rule that may apply beyond the word level will be mentioned in Section 14.
Notice that voicing of lsi does not take place intervocalically when there is no boundary preceding lsi (e.g., misogynist, asylum) or when there is a boundary but the element in question is not a morphologically complex verb (e.g., parassite, parassitic, chromossomal, philossophical, metassomai.
Hence the complex verbs must be distinguished from other forms for the purpose of rule (74); the obligatory = boundary makes the required distinction.
In short, the device proposed for determining the stress placement in morphologically complex forms such as (73) is not only the simplest, given the framework of rules that we have so far developed, but it is also independently motivated.
We shall find still further Notice, incidentally, that rule (74) must, as indicated, be limited to the boundary [FB, WB].
We have given several examples to show why it is limited to boundaries which are marked [FB].
To see that the boundary [+ WB] (namely, #) must also be excluded, consider parasynthesis, photosynthesis, protoSiouan, resell, resettle.
In all of these prefixstem constructions, the stem, which begins with lsi, is an independent word, and we therefore expect it, on general syntactic grounds, to be preceded by the boundary #.48 Observe that rule (74) does not apply to the steminitial lsi in these cases.
Thus we have contrasts such as resolve (/rE=sJ1v/, [rlizalv], determine) versus resolve (/rE#sJ1v/, [rEs~lv], solve anew), and reserve (frE = sIrvl, [rEz~rv], withhold) versus reserve The decision to identify prefixstem forms by a = boundary necessitates a slight revision of the Alternating Stress Rule (51).
The readjustment rule that introduces = should give representations such as IkJN=kIrI for concur, IbN=pre=heNdl for comprehend, liNtIr= sektl for intersect, IbN =teNp1Atl for contemplate, IkJN =stitUtr 9 for constitute, IkJN =peNsAtl for compensate, etc.
In the case of concur, the Alternating Stress Rule is inapplicable; in the case of comprehend, intersect, it is blocked by the boundary.
But forms such as contemplate, constitute, compensate show that it is the second, not the first, occurrence of = that blocks the rule in the case of comprehend.
We must therefore reformulate the Alternating Stress Rule so as to permit an occurrence of = before the penultimate syllable
Additional phonological justification for the syntactically expected analysis will appear in Section 13. because of forms like contemplate.
Accordingly we restate the rule as: Formulated in this way, the Alternating Stress Rule will apply to representations such as de=signAt, re=plicAt, coN=plicAt, iN=plicAt, re=novAt, de=tonAt.
It will not apply however, to coN=pre=heNd, iNter=sect, coNtra=dict, and other forms with a boundary before the final syllable, and primary stress will therefore remain on the final syllable in There remain certain words (e.g.,persevere) which seem to be true exceptions and must therefore be excluded from the domain of rule (75) by other means (see Chapter Four, The preceding discussion leads naturally to the topic of stress patterns in the nouns that are derived from verbs with primary stress on the final syllable.
The general rule is that the primary stress is nonfinal in these nouns.
Thus we have nouns such as those in (76), all with transfer, permit, export, survey, protest, insert, progress, convict, suspect, torment, It is important to note that the final syllable of these nouns has a tertiary stress.
This is evident by comparison of noun pairs such as the following: The nouns of (76) have the stress pattern 13; the items paired with them in (77) have the stress pattern 1.
Clearly this distinction is related to the fact that verbs with final stress underlie the forms in (76) but do not underlie the forms paired with them in (77).
We can therefore account for the stress difference by means of the transformational cycle.
The nouns of (76) will be derived from underlying verbs on the second cycle by a rule which shifts primary stress to the left, weakening the stress on the final syllable to secondary.
The final stress then becomes tertiary by the Stress Adjustment Rule.
The new rule, which we will refer to as the Stressed Syllable Rule, will be given below (see (80» as cases (c) and (d) of the Main Stress Rule.
Thus we will have derivations such as (78) for the examples of (76), and (79) for the items paired with these in (77): The examples of (79) are straightforward.
In each case the final syllable of the noun has a lax vowel so that condition (b) of the Main Stress Rule applies.
Primary stress is therefore assigned to the vowel of the first syllable, the final cluster being excluded from consideration under condition (b). (Notice that the underlying vowel of the second syllable of torrent must be /e/,.cf. torrential.) The final vowel of scurvy becomes tense in wordfinal position by rule (30), but only after the application of the Main Stress Rule.
In each case the vowel of the second syllable retains [stress] (and therefore reduces to [a] Consider now the derivations of (78), beginning with the noun survey.
In the first cycle, primary stress is assigned to the final tense vowel under condition (e) of the Main Stress Rule by case (ii), case (i) being inapplicable because of the final strong cluster.
This completes the cycle, and innermost brackets are erased.
On the next cycle, conditions (a) and (b) are inapplicable because the final vowel is tense, and condition (e) will apply vacuously.
Thus the Main Stress Rule as formulated above has no effect in this cycle.
But we need a rule which will shift the stress to the left.
This rule, which we formulate as (80), asserts that in a noun with primary stress on the last syllable, cases (i) and (ii) of the Main
Stress Rule apply to the string preceding this final stressed syllable.
For reasons which will appear as we proceed, we stipulate that rule (80) constitutes conditions (c) and (d) of the Main Stress Rule; it applies after condition (b) and before condition (e).
We will refine and extend this rule in several stages as we proceed.
First, however, let us see how it applies to the examples given above and how it interrelates with the other parts of Returning to the derivation of survey in (78), we see that the new rule (80) is applicable in the second cycle. (Neither condition (a) nor condition (b) of the Main Stress Rule applies.) Rule (80) specifies that we exclude from consideration the final string rvA of [NsIrvA]N and assign primary stress to the vowel that immediately precedes it by (80ii) (which is simply case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule), thus reducing the stress on the final syllable to secondary.
The stress is then further reduced to tertiary by the Stress Adjustment Rule.
This completes the derivation of survey given in (78).
Notice that condition (e) must not be applied in the second cycle of this derivation or stress will again be shifted, incorrectly, to the final syllable.
Hence the ordering of rule (80) and condition (e) of the Main Stress Rule must be disjunctive.
An apparent alternative, at this point, would be to have condition (e) precede (80).
We shall see directly that this is not possible, however.
Consider now the derivation of the noun torment in (78).
Clearly this should be precisely parallel to the derivation of survey.
In the first cycle primary stress is assigned to the final strong cluster under concfttion (e), case (ii), exactly as in the verb survey.
In the second cycle, we expect the stress to be shifted left by rule (80), again as in the analogous case of survey.
However, as we have formulated the Main Stress Rule, condition (b) is applicable since the vowel of the final syllable happens to be lax in this case.
Clearly this is not a relevant distinction between torment and survey, and it indicates that the rules are in error. 50 Evidently we must prevent the application of condition (b) in this cycle.
The simplest way to achieve this result is to require that under condition (b) (similarly, (a)) the vowel of the final syllable be not only lax but also nonstressed.
This qualification admits all of the cases for which conditions (a) and (b) are appropriate and eliminates the unwanted applications.
With this modification of conditions (a) and (b), the derivation of t~rm:nt proceeds ill the second cycle ill exact analogy to that of survey.
In the very same way we also derive the noun permit from the underlying verb permit.
Thus the contrasts permithermit, tormenttorrent, surveyscurvy are accounted for on the basis of the fact that the first member of each pair, but not the second, corresponds to a related verb.
Notice that the new rule (80) must precede condition (e), as we have assumed.
If the order were reversed, a noun such as machine, which receives primary stress on the final syllable under condition (e), would have the stress shifted to the left under the subsequent rule (80), giving the incorrect form *machine.
Furthermore, we will see below that rule (80) must follow condition (a).
Thus its position in the ordering is narrowly determined.
The examples of rule (80) given above all involved (80ii), that is, case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule.
Case (i) is involved in the derivation of nouns such as fnterc;pt and interl~ck from the underlying verbs intercept, interlock.
In the case of interlock, for example, we Within our framework, the sequence (a), (b), (80), (e) can be generalized in one of several ways which are, for the present, quite equivalent.
Looking ahead to later refinements, we choose one of these and give the rule in the following form: In the first cycle case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule assigns final stress under condition (e). (case (i) being blocked by the = boundary, which also blocks an unwanted application of the Alternating Stress Rule).
In the second cycle rule (80) is applicable and the string = l~ck is omitted/ron; consideration.
Case (i) then assigns stress to the first syllable, giving finally the noun interlock after application of the Stress Adjustment Rule.
Let us now consider how the Stressed Syllable Rule (80) can be introduced into the Main Stress Rule.
Cases (i) and (ii) of rule (80) are identical to cases (i) and (ii) of the Main Stress Rule, so amalgamation causes no difficulty in this respect.
We must, however, find a way to incorporate the outermost condition in (80) in such a way as to meet the following requirements: the condition (80) follows condition (a) and precedes condition (e); the ordering (80), (e) is disjunctive.
It will be recalled that in the Main Stress Rule, as it now stands, the ordering (a), (b), (e) is disjunctive.
This fact was made explicit in the formulation (53), which is the optimal representation for the conditions (a), (b), and (e). so In fact, as we shall see, the Stressed Syllable Rule (80) applies when the stress on the syllable in the outermost context has [2 stress] as well as [I stress].
When the rule is extended in this way, the error in the rules which was just noted will lead to an incorrect stress assignment, since under condition (b) the representation [Nt:lrmentlN will be changed to [Nt:lrmentIN, and by rule (80) it will then be changed to [Nt:lrmentIN, becoming, finally, [Nt:lrmentlN by the Stress Adjustment Rule.
This consequence could be avoided if the ordering of (b) and rule (80) were specified as disjunctive, but this is impossible, given the empirical hypotheses we have proposed, since condition (b) is not related to rule (80) in a way expressible The sequence (83) is uniquely determined by (82).
By our general conventions, it follows that in (83) cases (i) and (ii) are disjunctively ordered and apply under conditions (a)(e), taken in that order.
Among the conditions (a) through (e), the permitted sequences within a single cycle are: (a), (c); (a), (d); (b), (c); (b), (d).
Apart from these possibilities of successive application, the ordering is fully disjunctive.
Conditions (a), (b), and (e) are exactly as described in our earlier formulation of the Main Stress Rule (50), (53).
Conditions (c) and (d) are the two cases of the Stressed Syllable Rule (80), with and without the unit [segment], the rule being extended automatically to adjectives in the case where the boundary is present.
As we shall see directly, this extension is necessary.
Notice that it was condition (c) that was applied in the derivation of the noun permit, and condition (d) in the derivation of the nouns Summarizing, we have found evidence that the grammar contains the sequence of rules (83ai), (83aii), (83bi), (83bii), (83ci), (83cii), (83di), (83dii), (83ei), (83eii).
Earlier we proposed an empirical hypothesis of a very general nature regarding disjunctive ordering.
The hypothesis asserts that when certain formal relations hold between two rules of a linearly ordered sequence of rulesnamely, the relations expressed by the parenthesis and angled bracket notations, applied and reapplied consistently along with the other notational devices in the most complete manner possiblethen these rules are disjunctively ordered with respect to each other.
This empirical hypothesis implies that in the case of the sequence just listed, the relation of disjunctive ordering holds between each of (83xi) and (83xii) (x a, b, c, d, e); (83ax) and (83by), (83ax) and (83ey), (83bx) and (83ey), (83cx) and (83dy), (83cx) and (83ey), (83dx) and (83ey) (x, y = i or ii).
Thus the hypothesis concerning disjunctive ordering has precisely the effects required here on empirical grounds.
Many nouns consist of prefixes such as mono, tele, photo, bio, followed by stems or nouns.
Thus the prefix monocombines with the stem graph to give monograph, and with the noun genesis to give monogenesis.
The noun genesis, as distinct from the graph of telegraph, happens to be an independent word with a specific semantic content that is carried over to the complex form.
On syntactic grounds it is not clear what, if any, categorial structure should be assigned to the prefix.
We will tentatively accept the weakest assumption and assign no categorization to it at all.
Thus monograph will be represented!:Nmono [sgraph]s]N and monogenesis will be represented [Nmono [N# genesis #]N ]N This underlying representation identifies graph as a stem and genesis as a noun which is an independent word, and assigns monoto no category at all. 5 1 This is the analysis that is most appropriate for the phonological rules; it is, furthermore, at least as well motivated on syntacticlexical grounds as any other, as far as we can see, in that it assigns no categorization beyond what is independently motivated.
It is also a fact that prefixes can be formed fairly freely from other words (e.g., politico, parallelo) and in this case we will assign them to the syntactic category prefix instead of (rather than in addition to) the category to which the underlying form belongs in isolation.
The word parallelogram will be represented [N [ppara [slel]s o]p [sgram]s ]N indicating that it is a noun of the form prefixstem, where the prefix in turn consists of a stem with an uncategorized prefix para, the latter being on a par with mono, tele, and so on.
This analysis, once again, seems to be reasonably well motivated on syntacticlexical grounds Consideration of complex nouns and adjectives of this sort sheds additional light on the detailed form of the Main Stress Rule.
Consider first the following examples:
The examples in the lefthand column of (84) have initial primary stress.
Those in the righthand column have primary stress on later syllables, as indicated.
We can account for most of these forms with our present rules.
For example, the As Paul Postal has pointed out to us, the prefix might, in such cases, be regarded as a lexical feature of the stem or noun, syntactically on a par with other inherent features of a lexical entry. items heading the two columns in (84) will have the following derivations: In the first cycle, primary stress is assigned in the usual way.
In the second cycle condition (c) holds of monograph, which has a final stressed syllable, but not of monog~nesis, which does not have a final stressed syllable. (The condition on X in (83) blocks (ai) in the second cycle of monogenesis.t In monograph the string graph is omitted from consideration.
Since the final vowel of the prefix is lax jJj phonologically (for reasons we shall discuss subsequently), case (i) then applies to the prefix.
Thus the primary stress is shifted to the left under condition (c) in monograph, but not in monogenesis.
The Stress Adjustment Rille (63) then gives the desired form.
Except for monosyllable, the other examples of (84) are Putting aside the problem of monosyllable for the moment, we see that a great many words fall into the class illustrated in (84), such as the following: To illustrate with a slightly more complex case than (85), consider the derivation of the final items in the two columns of (86), beginning with parallelogram: In the first cycle the monosyllabic internal elements receive primary stress in the usual way.
Innermost brackets are erased, and we turn to the next largest phrase, the prefix parallelo.
Conditions (a)(d) have so far been limited to nouns and adjectives, so they are not applicable.
Under condition (e), case (i), primary stress is reassigned to the syllable l~l. 53 The second cycle is therefore vacuous.
Erasing innermost brackets, we proceed to the full form parallelogram on the third cycle.
Conditions (a) and (b) are ruled out because the final We have not yet given the rule that Pyts various secondary (ultimately, tertiary) stresses in the items of the righthand column of (84) (and irt certain of the forms of (86), which follows).
These omissions will 53 We will see later that the vacuous application of the Main Stress Rule actually falls under (aii) rather syllable is stressed.
We therefore turn to condition (c).
This case of the Stressed Syllable Rule applies, excluding the primarystressed syllable gram from consideration.
Primary stress is then placed on the penultimate syllable lelof the residue paralleloby case (i) of the Main Stress Rule, the final cluster of the residue being weak. 54 This weakens the stress on gram to secondary.
Conditions (d) and (e) do not apply because of the disjunctive ordering.
We terminate this cycle with the Stress Adjustment Rule (63), giving the final form parallelogram (after we have presented the rule assigning secondary, ultimately tertiary, stress on the first syllablesee note 52).
The derivation of parallelepiped is similar, but it suggests a slight modification of the rules. (We assume that phonologically the prefix paralleloappears also in parallelepiped in spite of the obvious violation of the true etymology of the word.) The top line of (88) is the underlying representation.
In the first cycle we assign primary stress to the monosyllable lelas before, by rule (83eii); but we must also assign primary stress to the first syllable of pIped.
This effect is achieved by rule (83ei).
However, if we were to extend condition (b) to stems, it would be achieved by (83bii).
Without any very compelling reason (relevant forms being few), we will assume that condition (b) is the appropriate rule and will extend it to stems.
This completes the first cycle.
As in the case of (87), the second cycle (applying to parallele) is vacuous, and we proceed to the third cycle and the noun parallelepiped.
Condition (b) applies since the string in question is a noun with an unstressed lax vowel in the final syllable.
Exactly as in the first cycle, primary stress is then placed on the strong cluster preceding the syllable excluded from consideration in accordance with condition (b).
The effect at this stage of the derivation is to weaken the stress on the first of the two pnmarystressed syllables (namely, the syllable lel) to secondary.
The Stress Adjustment Rule then weakens this to tertiary, giving the final line of the derivation (88).
Other rules, to which we will turn later, give the desired phonetic representaNotice that the Stressed Syllable Rule does not apply in the derivation (88), as it does at the comparable stage in the derivation (87), by virtue of the fact that the stressed syllable is not final.
Thus the difference in stress contour between parallelogram and parallelepiped, as in the case of monograph and monogenesis, is determined by the position of primary stress in the underlying final element of the compound.
There is another possible interpretation of forms such as parallelepiped that should be mentioned here.
We have observed that case (ii) of the Main Stress Ru1e can, in a certain sense, be regarded as a special case of the Nuclear Stress Rule (see p. 91).
Both rules assign primary stress to the rightmost sonority peak of the string under consideration.
If these two rules are amalgamated, then one might reformulate the Main Stress Rule so that condition (b) becomes inapplicable in the final cycle of the derivation (88), primary stress now being placed on the rightmost of the two sonority peaks by the Nuclear Stress Rule, appropriately revised.
This would require the imposition of several conditions on the Main Stress Rule.
We have no evidence to suggest either that such a restatement of the rules is necessary or that it is ruled out conclusively.
The extra conditions that must be added seem to us to rule against such an attempted generalization, but the possibility of this analysis should be kept Notice that parallel, in isolation, is assigned a stress contour as in the lefthand column of (86).
Hence condition (c) must clearly be extended to adjectives, as indicated in (83), though examples are rather sparse. (Other relevant forms are those with dox, e.g., orthodax.i Complex nouns and adjectives necessitate other slight modifications in the Main Stress Rule.
Consider, for example, the word politicoeconomic.
The first element, politico, is a prefix, and it must receive a primary stress on its antepenultimate syllable in the first cycle, where this form is considered in isolation.
Within our framework, this stress can be assigned only by condition (a) or condition (b), which must therefore be extended to cover prefixes as well as nouns and stems.
Thus conditions (a) and (b), in their abbreviated form For reasons that will appear below (p. 104), it is really case (ii) rather than case (i) that applies under condition (c), the affix 0 being assigned to the string excluded from consideration under this condition.
However, this quite natural extension of the Main Stress Rule leads to a difficulty in the derivations (87) and (88).
In these derivations the second cycle, applying to [pprerre+lel+fl]p, was vacuous; but, with the extension to (89), condition (a) now holds of this form, and case (i) places primary stress in the syllable preceding the weak cluster lel.
With condition (a) modified as indicated in note 54, the derivation will now resu1t in the incorrect forms «paralleloqram, »parallelepiped as the final phonetic representations.
To prevent this, we clearly must restrict the notion weak cluster so as to exclude syllables which have primary stress, as does lelin these cases.
Thus, we must adjust the feature composition of the nontense vowel specified in case (i) of the Main Stress Rule so as to One possibility wou1d be to add the feature [stress] to the specification of this vowel, just as we added the feature [stress] to lax vowels specified in conditions (a) and (b) of the Main Stress Rule.
This is incorrect, however, as we can see by considering words such as telegraphy.
This is derived from telegraph, and must therefore have the underlying In the first cycle the stem graph receives primary stress on its sonority peak.
In the second cycle condition (c) applies, shifting stress to the left and giving ~tele+grref+Y]N as we enter the third cycle.
But in this cycle we must apply case (i) of the Main Stress Ru1e, assigning primary stress to the syllable immediately preceding the weak cluster graph, 55 However, if the lax vowel specified in case (i) of the Main Stress Rule must have the feature [stress], as just suggested, case (i) will not apply to telegraphsy, and case (ii) will apply Clearly this application of case (i) must fall under condition (a).
That is, we exclude from consideration the final unit y of the noun telegraphy and then assign primary stress by case (i).
We return to a discussion of the affix y in Section 15. 1 3 1 3 1 3 1 3 1 3 1 3 1 3 cardiograph, hieroglyph, heteronym.
In all of these items the first element is of the form CoVC oV*Coo, where the cluster V*C o is weak in its underlying form and the stress on the first member of the compound is antepenultimate rather than penultimate, as required by our rule.
Notice that if the cluster V*C o is strong, the stress is penultimate, on V*, as expected.
Thus we have kaleidoscope, laryngoscope, ophthalmoscope, electroscope, etc.
Apparently the finalo of the first element of the complex form is acting as part of the context for cases (i) and (ii) of the rule, that is, as part of the string to be omitted from consideration in the application of cases (i) and (ii).
Hence an optionalo (that is, /~/, in the underlying representation) must be added to the statement of condition (c).
We can therefore reformulate condition (c) as (91) and, correspondingly, abbreviate conditions (c) and (d) as (92): We must now return to the problem of the stress pattern of monosyllable, which we had put aside temporarily above.
According to our rules, as so far established, the primary stress of this word should be on sylrather than mon, Thus, at the beginning of the second cycle we have the representation ~mono#si1rebl]N.
Since this form does not have a final stressed syllable, it is not subject to condition (c); it should, therefore, fall into the same stress class as monogenesis and parallelepiped.
There are other similar examples, e.g., metalanguage, antibody, metaphysics (in one pronunciation),paralanguage.
Apparently, under certain circumstances condition (c) applies even though there is an extra nonstressed syllable on the extreme right.
The circumstances are easy to detect.
Recall that the complex forms that have been occupying us in this section consist of a prefix followed by an item which is either a stem or an independent noun.
In each case in which the extra nonstressed syllable on the right is disregarded, the element filling the second position in the complex form is a noun rather than a stem, and it is this fact that permits condition (c) to be relaxed to allow this extra nonstressed syllable.
Where we have an independent noun as the second element of a complex form, we naturally expect it to carry with it a # boundary.
Using the angle notation, we can express the fact that the extra permitted syllable on the right is conditional on the presence of the # boundary, this being automatically associated with the incorporated lexical item in representations such as mono # syllable, metasslanguage.
Thus we replace (91) by (93), as a more fully adequate version of condition (C):57 Following our conventions for the use of parentheses and angles, we can list the sequence of Thus, if helicograph, for example, is represented after the first cycle in the form [Nhelic+~+grref]N then condition (c) will hold in the second cycle, excluding from conI sideration the sequence [+~+grref], which is of the required form +~ [seg] CoVCO.
Case (i) of the Main Stress Rule will now apply to the remaining sequence helic, assigning  We therefore reformulate the Main Stress RUle, replacing conditions (a), (b), (c), and to give the incorrect phonetic form *telegraphy.
Clearly, then, we must require not that the lax vowel of the weak cluster of case (i) have the feature [stress], but rather that it have a stress less than primary.
Then case (ai) will apply, correctly, to telegraph in telegraphsy, In summary, we must define a weak cluster as one containing a lax vowel with less than primary stress followed by no more than a single consonant followed by an optional A minor modification of condition (c) is dictated by consideration of examples such In discussing disjunctive ordering we stipulated that the ordering by the use of parentheses is always disjunctive and that the rule that contains the parenthesized element always precedes the rule that omits this Each of the above, of course, stands for a sequence of rules, one for each choice of allowed element.
Thus the sequences enumerated by (92) are, in order, the following: (I)+:>[seg]CoVC o; (IT) [seg]CoVCo; (III) CoVCo.
Applying the Main Stress Rule to a hypotheticalform heliceon the second cycle we would find that condition (c) is applicable under interpretation (I), excluding from consideration the sequence [+:>+skOp].
Hence primary stress would be placed by case (i) on the first syllable, giving, ultimately, helicoscop, Similarly, given telesscope, in the second cycle we apply
(IT), excluding from consideration the sequence [+skOp] and assigning primary stress to tel.
Notice that there are some complex nouns with initial elements ending in 0 which do not follow etc., in order that primary stress be properly placed by case (i) of the rule, the 0 must be regarded not as part of the context but as part of the string considered after the context of condition (c) is excluded.
We can account for this simply by omitting the + boundary before 0 in such cases.
Thus galnanoscope will be represented [grelvreno+skOp] when it enters the second cycle, and primary stress will be properly placed under condition (cIl) of the preceding paragraph (which omits from consideration the sequence
[+skOp] in this case) by case (i) of the Main Stress Rule.
Certain forms that seem to fall in the latter class actually may have stress falls on a phonetically weak cluster.
Thus, in oscilloscope, for example, the vowel with primary stress is phonetically lax but can be regarded as tense in the underlying representation, as we shall see in the next chapter; therefore the final 0 of the prefixcan be separated by a would be to assume a double I in the underlying form (see p. 148). 57 The examples we have given so far leave open the question of whether the feature within angles in this rule should be [+ WB] or, more generally, [FB] (which includes [+ WB]).
We shall see later (p. 159) Conventions to be discussed below (note 78) will require minor formal modifications in the statement of the rules abbreviated by (93) (see (94)) but will not affect their empirical content. In the formulation (95), we have indexed angles in such a way as to show how they are paired.
If the indices are dropped, (95) will be expanded, incorrectly, as: consonant and vowel string.
The sequence (94) is, by convention, pairwise disjunctively ordered.
Case (94II) applies to examples such as helicsosgraph, giving helicograph.
Case (94III) gives monotone from mono#tOn, monosyllable from mono e syllable, metalanguage from meta# language, as well as the nouns intercept from inter = cept, permit from per = mit, and combat from coN=bat.
Case (IV) accounts for telescope from telesskOp and galuano3 scope from galuanossk.Op, Case (I) would, for example, account for words such as
We have not actually established a convention for the ordering of these subrules (see Chapter Eight).
Furthermore, we have not given a convention to establish an ordering between (II) and (III) of (94).
The ordering of (94) presupposes that parentheses are expanded before angles but we have no evidence for 59 Notice that syllable is phonologically bisyllabic, becoming phonetically trisyllabic by rule (56), so that cycle (as in the nouns mismatch, resale), a shift to the left is precisely what we find.
If we want to adopt representations with assignment of sell, tax, wise, etc., to their categories, we must limit condition (c) to nouns.
Although this is not totally ruled out as a possibility (as we have noted, condition (c) is rather marginal for adjectives), it leads to some difficulties and does not seem highly motivated.
This matter is one that cannot be settled within the framework of the phonology in isolation.
What is at issue is the problem of how fairly productive prefixes are to be described within the syntactic component of the grammar (including, in particular, its lexical subcomponent).
There is little known about this question today, and therefore any decision that can be made within the phonology is necessarily quite tentative.
It is not at all clear how this matter can be accommodated within our framework. abbreviates two rules, both of which incorrectly omit [FB] (see note 24).
Clearly we must enrich our notational system to permit indices on angles, adding the convention that angles with the same indices are expanded together.
Thus we must replace the notational convention for angled brackets (pp. 7677) by the convention that (97) is an abbreviation for the two rules of (98), in that order, where Y1.. .
Yn + 1 contain no angles (i)i for j s i: Considering the intuitive meaning of the angled bracket notation, this is a very natural extension.
We have already used it as an expository device in the formulation (53) above.
We will henceforth use indices explicitly where they are necessary for determining the correct order of expansion; we will continue to omit them, however, where they are superfluous.P Returning now to the Stressed Syllable Rule, we see that we can extend it to account for another wellknown fact, namely, that words such as advocate, delegate, precipitate, regiment, compliment, which can be nouns or verbs, characteristically differ in stress contour in their nominal and verbal functions.
The verbs, in each case, have tertiary stress and a nonreduced vowel in the final syllable; the nouns have zero stress and a reduced vowel.P.
These forms can be explained by deriving the noun in each case from an underlying verb and by modifying the Stressed Syllable Rule so that it permits secondary as well as primary stress on the final syllable.
We will now be able to derive the noun delegate, for Notice also that in forms such as resell, mismanage, overprice, antitax, unwise, ultramodern, which consist of a prefix that is syntactically and semantically functional, combined with a full lexical form, the incorporated lexical form must not undergo a separate application of the cycle.
The extra cycle would cause a shift of stress to the left under condition (c) (that is, by (94111).
When there is an extra In short, where the second element of a complex noun is itself a noun, stress is shifted to the left under condition (c) even if this incorporated noun is bisyllabic with initial stress. 59 We state this fact, in (93), by permitting an optional extra syllable in the second member of the complex form if this form is preceded by a boundary other than formative boundary, that is, if it is an independent noun instead of simply a stem.
We note, however, that there are many complex nouns with a bisyllabic second element which are not subject to condition (c) even though their second element exists as an independent word, e.g., biophysics, monoacid.
In such a case we must drop the internal # boundary or primary stress will shift to the prefix.
But there is no syntactic justification for dropping the boundary; it must be done ad hoc, simply to accommodate the phonetic facts.
Such individual characteristics of particular formatives must be listed in the lexicon.
They illustrate the marginally distinctive character of position of main stress placement in Notice also that there are optional variants such as meta( # )soma or meta( # )physics, with initial or penultimate primary stress, depending on how the word is analyzedthat is, with or without the boundary, respectively.
Here too the option is an idiosyncratic lexical The sharpening of the rules represented by (93) makes it necessary to extend slightly the system of notations that we have been presupposing.
This becomes clear when we replace (91) by the revised form (93) in the more general frame (92).
This replacement yields (95): In case n = 1 in (97), we expand it simply as the single rule Y1 Y2 (see note 24).
This decision is crucial As pointed out in note 24, it is important to show that a single set of notational devices underlies all descriptive grammar.
In fact, the indexing of brackets has been utilized in earlier descriptive work in generative phonology, and such devices should be incorporated in a full and explicit account of linguistic theory.
Specifications of a system of notational devices which require only slight modifications for our purposes have been presented in Chomsky (1951), (1955b); Postal (1962); Matthews (1964). 61 At this level of phonetic detailgthere is both stylistic and dialectal variation, particularly in the case of the forms with ment, Here, as elsewhere, we adopt the phonetic representations of Kenyon and Knott, which agree with our own standard pronunciation.
The derivation of nouns from such verbs is marginally productive, as is often the case in derivational systems of this sort. 62 Notice that there are nouns of the form CoVC oVCoAt with tertiary stress on the final nonreduced vowel In the first cycle, stress is placed on the final strong cluster of the underlying verb and then shifted two syllables to the left, in the usual way, by the Alternating Stress Rule (51), now modified as (75).
Thus the verb in isolation would have the form [delegAt], after the Stress Adjustment Rule (63).
For the noun there is a second cycle, in which condition (c), modified in a way which we discuss directly, places primary stress by case (i), weakening all other stresses by one.
The Stress Adjustment Rule next weakens the final vowel to stress 4, and Vowel Reduction is then automatic because of the weakened stress.
Application of condition (c) in the second cycle of the derivation (99) will be permitted if we modify the Stressed Syllable Rule (conditions (c) and (d) of the Main Stress Rule, in In formulating this rule, we must specify that the stressed syllable may have either secondary or primary stress and that the two cases must be taken in this order.
Thus (100) abbreviates A of At; for example, caliphate, billingsgate, surrogate, candidate, magistrate (some of which have stylistic or dialectal variants with final reduced vowel, in which case we represent them lexically with a final lax instead of final tense vowel).
This fact supports the analysis we are presenting, since none of the nouns with final At are paired with verbs.
Thus the nouns with underlying verbs have a reduced vowel in the final syllable; the nouns with nonreduced, tertiarystressed vowel in the final syllable do not have Adjectives paired with verbs (e.g., animate, approximate, articulate) also have reduced vowels with zero stress in the final syllable, in forms of the sort we are considering here.
These can be accounted for by the same mechanism proposed for the nouns advocate, regiment, etc.
On the other hand, in adjectives such as delicate, desperate, which have a final reduced vowel but no underlying verb, there is no reason not to assume an underlying lax vowel in the final syllable.
Derived forms such as desperation may seem to contradict this assumption, but we will see in the next chapter that they in fact do not.
As we have formulated the Stressed Syllable Rule, only condition (c) applies to adjectives.
Therefore the adjectives discussed in the preceding paragraph must have a Alternatively, it may be that condition (d) should also be extended to adjectives, in which case the boundary is unnecessary.
As we have noted previously, there are very few relevant examples involving adjectives, and therefore we are uncertain as to the correct decision.
Neither alternative seems to us to pose any particular difficulty, and we will not go into the matter any further here.
Notice that where adjectives and nouns are paired with verbs, there are, very commonly, some syntactic reasons for regarding the noun phrase in which the noun appears as a transform of the verb phrase in which the corresponding verb appears, so that the noun is derived from the verb on syntactic grounds.
In the same connection, note that phrases such as... is (all,fully) dressed,... is furnished,... is sanded,... is closed,  is broken cannot strictly be regarded as passives (and, in fact, contrast with passives).
The syntactic analysis of these constructions is, at present, not clear.
They are similar to passives at least in the grammatical relation between the grammatical subject and the underlying verb.
It may be that they are in some way derived from passives or derived from underlying actives in a manner analogous to the transformational derivation of passives.
If so, it may also be the case that the relation of... is elaborate to... is elaborated, etc., parallels this relation, in which case the adjective elaborate will in fact derive from the verb on syntactic grounds, as required by the phonological rules.
There are many open syntactic questions here that make a more complete formulation of the phonological rules impossible.
These considerations illustrate quite nicely the dependence of phonological rules on assumptions about syntactic structure. (See also note 64.) There are certain other nouns which have variants with final [At] instead of final [at], as they should if derived from verbs (e.g., precipitate, concentrate).
Perhaps, in this case, these words are to be analyzed as containing the suffix ate of phosphate, manganate, rather than as derived from the corresponding verb.
For discussion of tense affixes, see Section 16. two rules in this respect, the first of which has ~ = 2 and the second ~ = 1.If the ordering were inverted , both cases of the rule would apply in a form it would then reapply with ~ = 2, giving telesgraph, which would become, finally, *[telagrof] by the Stress Adjustment and Vowel Reduction Rules, instead of the required [telsgrref ].
In discussing the Compound Rule in Section 9, we observed that in compounds such as elevator boy, chemistry teacher, it is customary to represent the second element with tertiary stress, rather than with the secondary stress that is retained in the second element of elevator operator, chemistry laboratory.
The conditions under which this further weakening from secondary to tertiary is generally marked seem very much like the conditions under which the Stressed Syllable Rule applies.
That is, when the second member of the compound is a monosyllable, with an optionally present extra syllable and perhaps some other slight modifications, primary stress is reassigned in the first element of the compound.
This observation suggests that we seek a generalization that covers both the case of assignment of primary stress to the prefix in monos. tOn and mono e syllable and the case of reassignment of primary stress to the first element of elevator# # boy, chemistry# # teacher.
Clearly all that is necessary is that (100) be modified to permit two successive boundaries where it is specified that a boundary may occur, and that a general convention be stated requiring that above the word level primary stress can be placed only on sonority peaks.
We have observed several times that condition (e) of the Main Stress Rule can perhaps be amalgamated with the Nuclear Stress Rule, if a convention of this sort is established.
With such modifications as these, we can explain the weakening of stress that is often noted in certain compounds.
However, because of the marginal character of this problem and the dubious factual status of the observations in question, we will not develop this extension of the rules in any further With the various modifications that we have seen to be necessary, the Main Stress where X contains no internal # boundary, Y = 2 or weaker,
Expanding the schema (101), we have the sequence of rules given in (102) (next page).
The ordering conditions, once again, are the following: cases (i) and (ii) apply disjunctively, in that order, under the sonditions (a)(e); either (c) or (d) may follow either (a) or (b) within a single cycle; otherwise, the ordering is fully disjunctive.
We have slightly modified cases (c) and (d), shifting the position of the first occurrence of <1 (compare (95) and (100» for minor reasons that will be presented later.
We have extended cases (a) and (c) to verbs for reasons that will appear in Sections 15 and 16.
Actually, the only examples we have of verbs involve condition (c), but there is no harm in accepting the simplest solution, which extends condition (a) to verbs as well.
We have referred several times to the wellknown fact that lax vowels reduce to a central, high, or mid unrounded neutral vowel in English when they are sufficiently weakly stressed, in some way that must be made explicit.
We have been representing this neutral vowel as [a].
The exact phonetic realization of [a] does not concern us.
For any particular dialect, the feature specifications and the appropriate phonetic rules can be established.
For ease of exposition, we will simply make the assumption here that [a] is distinguished It must, incidentally, be borne in mind that the specific competenceperformance delimitation provided by a grammar represents a hypothesis that might prove to be in error when other factors that play a role in performance and the interrelation of these various factors come under investigation.
Although this is not usually a serious problem in grammatical study, it does become a real issue when we turn to lowlevel phonetic processes such as those we are now investigating.
Since other aspects of performance have not been systematically studied, our attempt to delimit the boundary of underlying competence by providing specific rules for vowel reduction must be taken as quite tentative.
When a theory of performance ultimately emerges, we may find that some of the facts we are attempting to explain do not really b.elong to grammar but instead fall under the theory of performance, and that certain facts that we neglect, believing them to be features of performance, should really have been incorporated in the system of grammatical rules.
In particular, we should like to point out that the distinction we draw between competence and performance is not invariably the same as that drawn implicitly by Kenyon and Knott in their choice of phonetic representation.
That is, the output of our rules does not always agree with their phonetic notation with respect to the marking of reduced vowels,. although it does agree for the mass of cases (in particular, for the examples that we cite here).
In part the differences are systematic (for example, we mark reduced vowels in many positions where they retain an underlying Iii as [i], and they mark lax [i] in certain positions where our representation is Ee.g., rElax, dEnOt); in part, the differences are idiosyncratic.
Insofar as the differences are systematic, it is a fairly trivial matter to adjust the rules In short, we are formulating the rules so as to generate what we take to be the phonetic representation underlying our normal pronunciation, in agreement with Kenyon and Knott in crucial cases.
Various modifications of these phonological rules would be needed to accommodate dialects differing in a systematic way from what we have here assumed.
It should, incidentally, be expected that lowlevel phonetic rules such as those we are now Bearing these points in mind, we now turn to an examination of the set of processes that determine the reduction of vowels.
We note, first, that nontense vowels specified as [stress] reduce to [a] fairly generally.
Thus, as a first step, we can formulate the Vowel It is an open question to what extent vowel reduction is a matter of phonological rule.
The distinction between a theory of competence (a grammar) and a performance model, which is crucial throughout, is particularly relevant in the discussion of vowel reduction.P In actual speech, the reduction of vowels is determined not only by the functioning of the underlying grammatical rules, but also by a variety of other factors (speed, casualness, frequency of use of the item, predictability in a particular context, etc.) These factors interact in complex and not very wellunderstood ways to determine the extent and place of vowel reduction, and they result, as well, in many other modifications of underlying grammatically determined forms (slurring, consonant elision, etc.) The grammar itself, here as always, generates only an idealized representation.
A theory of performance will necessarily incorporate the grammar, but will also attempt to study the many other factors that determine the actual physical signal.
Any investigation of grammar is, then, a contribution to the study of performance, but it does not exhaust this study.
For discussion of the competenceperformance distinction, see Chapter One, page 3, and Chomsky In Section 3 it was noted that only unstressed low vowels reduce in final position; and it is clear that vowels never reduce prevocalically.
Thus, the vowels in boldface in fiasco, effigy, hindu, annual, radiate do not reduce even though they are minusstressed, but the final vowels of algebra,formula do reduce.
Furthermore, the vowels which do not reduce even though nontense and minusstressed are phonetically tense.
Clearly, then, the rule that tenses vowels in prevocalic and, when they are nonlow, in final position must precede the general Vowel Reduction Rule (103), as we have already noted in Section 4.
For the case of nonstressed vowels, rule (30) of Section 4 has exactly the effect of (104): The vowels that undergo tensing by rule (104) are then immune from Vowel Reduction; An early rule of the phonology assigns to each vowel (in fact, to each unit, whether boundary, consonant, or vowelsee pp. 6768) the feature [stress].
A vowel belongs to the category [+stress], and thus is immune from Vowel Reduction, in the tentative formulation
(103), only if it receives primary stress at some stage of the application of the cyclical rules.
This stress may be weakened by successive applications of the stress placement rules in other positions of the utterance, but the vowel will still belong to the category [+stress] and hence Although (103), as we shall see, requires supplementation, it does express the central feature of the process of Vowel Reduction insofar as this is a grammatical phenomenon. (
We can give some idea of its wide range of applicability by a few selected examples.
Rule (103) accounts for the fact that the vowel reduces in the first syllable of machine, but not the second, and in the second syllable of the verb delegate, but not the first or third.
In each case a vowel which has never received primary stress (and therefore retains the specification [stress]) reduces, and a vowel which has at some point received primary stress
(and thus belongs to the category [+stress]) is immune from phonological reduction.
Similarly, consider the example theatricality analyzed in Section 7.
The four vowels given in boldface do not reducethe fourth because it has been tensed by rule (104), the second and third because they have at some stage of their derivation been assigned primary stress, and the first for both reasons.
The other two vowels do reduce, never having been introduced into the category [+ stress] in the course of the derivation.
As a further illustration, consider the nouns torrent and torment that were discussed in Section 11.
The three vowels given in boldface in these examples are exempt from reduction, having been assigned primary stress at some stage of the derivation; but the final vowel of torrent does reduce, since it has the feature [stress] when rule ()03) applies.
As a last example, consider the ation forms of bisyllabic finalstressed verbs such as relax, attest, deport, as compared with the superficially analogous forms informationP deportation is not subject to phonological reduction, whereas the antepenultimate vowel of the other ation forms just given does reduce in each case.
The reason is that the nominalized bisyllabic verbs have received stress in the antepenultimate syllable at an earlier stage of the cycle (namely, as verbs), whereas the other forms have never had stress assigned to this vowel.
We will return to the details of the determination of stress contours in these cases.
Although, as we shall see, the facts are not so clearcut as these examples suggest, the general point does seem correct; that is, stress assignment in an early cycle can protect a vowel from phonological reduction, even when its actual stress, at the point when the Vowel Reduction Rule applies, is quite weak, and even though minusstressed vowels in the same context do characteristically reduce.
The important point is that rule (103) serves as a reasonably good tentative statement of the process of Vowel Reduction when this process is embedded within the general framework of the transformational cycle.
Notice that information is not the nominalized form of inform, but rather a single noun presumably represented as /inform+At+iVn/.
Thus we cannot have phrases such as his information of my friend about the lecture related to he informed my friend about the lecture, as we have his relaxation ofthe conditions related to he relaxed the conditions.
Correspondingly, the meaning of information is not derivable
We are not concerned here with the syntactic basis for these and other norninalized elements.
For an approach that seems to us promising, see Chomsky (1965, pp. 21920).
We see at once, incidentally, that the Vowel Reduction Rule cannot itself be cyclical.
Once a vowel has been subject to rule (103), its original underlying form is unrecoverable.
Therefore, if this rule were to apply at any point in the first cycle, for example, certain vowels will be reduced to [g] even though in some later cycle they may receive primary stress.
Evidently, rule (103) must apply only after the process of stress assignment within the word is complete.
Within our framework, this means that the rule of Vowel Reduction is restricted The tentative statement (103) is at best a first approximation to the description of vowel reduction; it does not specify the positions that are subject to this process with sufficient precision, although it is fundamental to such a specification.
In fact, in certain positions a vowel will not reduce even though it has never received primary stress and thus remains in the category [stress]; in certain other positions a stressed vowel will reduce if the stress is sufficiently weakened.
Consequently, we must supplement the Vowel Reduction Rule (103) with certain auxiliary rules of the form (105a), (105b) which change the stress (and, sometimes, tenseness) category of vowels in certain positions before the application Rule (105a) will apply to certain vowels that have never received primary stress and will assign them secondary stress, thus exempting them from reduction to [g] by (103).
The Stress Adjustment Rule will then weaken this stress to tertiary. (For reasons that are discussed on pages 11819, we will not extend to rules of secondary stress placement the convention associated with placement of primary stress, namely, that other stresses in the domain under consideration are weakened by one.) Rule (105b) will apply to certain vowels which have received primary stress at some earlier stage of derivation and will switch them back to the category [stress] so that they can undergo reduction by (103).
Precise specification of the appropriate contexts for (105) is a complicated and, so it appears, relatively uninteresting matter.v and we will not attempt a detailed analysis.
We will, however, give several cases of (105), illustrating some of the major conditions and accounting for examples discussed elsewhere in this chapter.
We will continue to refer to (103) as the Vowel Reduction
Rule and to the various cases of (105) as Auxiliary Reduction Rules.
Notice that rule (105b), like the Vowel Reduction Rule (103), cannot be permitted to apply cyclically beyond the level of word boundary.
The reason is simple.
As we proceed to apply the transformational cycle to more complex phrases, vowels are successively weakened in stress as more gradations and differentiations are introduced by successive applications of the cyclical rules.
Above the word level even primarystressed vowels may be weakened considerably in this process.
However, this weakening of stress never leads to a shift of category with respect to stress or tenseness, nor does it lead to vowel reduction.
In other words, although vowels that are weakened to stress 2 or stress 3 in certain positions within words may be subject to (105b), a vowel that is weakened to stress 2 or stress 3 in cycles beyond the word level will never, in these contexts, be subject to rule (105b); in In the sense that there are many details and special cases that do not seem to fall under any largescale generalizations and that shed little light on general questions of phonological theory or on the structure particular, the sonority peak of a word will never be subject to this rule no matter how weak the stress on this word becomes by iteration of cyclic rules beyond the word level. .
In short, neither rule (103) nor rule (105b) can be cyclical.
Both must apply only once m the course of a derivation; within our framework this means that these must be To see the necessity for Auxiliary Reduction Rules of the form (105a) consider the final cluster of this string is strong, so we turn to case (b) and assign secondary stress to the strong cluster, giving MonongahEla.
The Vowel Reduction and Stress Adjustment Rules pesaukee.
The Vowel Reduction and Stress Adjustment Rules give, finally, [winapasokfi].
In the word OklahOma, primary stress is again assigned by case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule under condition (b).
In accordance with rule (107), we omit from consideration the string ahOma and consider the residual string Oklo.
Case (b) assigns secondary stress to its only vowel.
In the same way the other examples of (106) receive secondary stress in the The vowels that are not subject to reduction are given in boldface.
Of these, the ones that are in final or prevocalic position and the ones with primary stress pose no problem so far as Vowel Reduction is concerned; and our rules also account for the reduction of the vowels not ci~ed in boldface.
The other boldfacevowels, however, all of which have tertiary stress, are still not accounted for, for they have never received primary stress at any stage of their derivation.
In each case, in fact, there is only a single cycle and a single application of a stress It seems, then, that to account for the unreduced tertiarystressed vowels of these words, we need an Auxiliary Reduction Rule which will be a special case of (105a).
We and C is an informal abbreviation for a unit which is a Notice that the ~st two parts of this rule are strikingly similar to the rules of primary stress placement, particularly to condition (c) of the Main Stress Rule (102).
Cases (a) and (b) of (107) assert that secondary stress is placed on a vowel preceding a weak cluster (case (a)) or on a str0pg cluster (case (b)) when the string under consideration falls under the condition V*CoV, V* having stress weaker than two.
The rule is closely analogous to the Main Stress Rule, the central difference being that secondary stress is assigned rather than prima the word MonongahEla (primary stress having been assigned by ca: (ii) of the Main Stress Rule (102) un~er condition (b)), rule (107) requires us to omit from ~onsid~ration the final sequence ahEla and to apply first case (a) and then, if case (a) is inapplicable, case (b) to the residual string MonongF.
Case (a) is inapplicable, since the Consider now the word Winnipesaukee (primary stress again having been assigned by case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule under condition (b)).
As before, rule (107) tells us to omit from consideration the final string esaukee and to consider the residue Winnip, 2But now case (a) of (107) applies, the final cluster of Winnipbeing weak, and we 3derive 1 Winni1 There are many other forms that are phonetically interpreted in this way, for example, verbs such as overthrow, extrapose, imderstdnd, comprehend, all of which have tertiarystressed nonreduced vowels in the first syllable.
Since many of these forms contain = and # boundaries between the vowel that receives secondary stress and the following primarystressed vowel, cases (a) and (b) of (107) must permit occurrences of [segment], as indicated in (107).
The word comprehend, for example, has the representation [k~N=pre=hend] at the point when rule (107) is to apply.
Case (b) applies, with a boundary preceding and follo,;,ing the a.stressed vowel.
The word automobile would have the representation auto +mObEI, and case (a) of (107), with the cestressedvowel preceded by [segment] stress to au, so that we have the phonetic representation automobile ultimately. (Other Notice, incidentally, that the similarity of cases (a) and (b) of (107) to cases (i) and (ii) of the Main Stress Rule is not a merit of this grammar but rather indicates a defect either in the analysis or in the underlying theory.
As matters now stand, we are unable to formulate a generalization that covers both the rule of primary stress assignment and the rule of secondary stress assignment, despite the near identity of context in the two rules.
We have, so far, been unable to find any way to overcome this defect without ad hoc extensions of the general framework for grammatical description or revisions of the rules which are unacceptable on other grounds.
We are therefore forced to leave this as an open problem.
In Chapter Five, note 3, we will come across another indication of this theoretical defect, in connection Before turning to cases (c) and (d) of the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (107), let us consider a few more examples of the first two cases.
Consider the nouns relaxation, attestation, deportation, etc., which we discussed above.
Since these are derived from bisyllabic verbs with a final strong cluster, we enter the wordlevel cycle with representations such as [rEI~ks+At+iVn].
Primary stress is placed on [At], weakening the stress on [re] to That is, where cc is an integer greater than 2, or has the value minus (), which, by convention, is weaker than any val.uethat belongs to the ~tegory [:str:ss], i.e., weaker than [lIstress]for any integer 1/. o. •.
NotlC: that w~ cannot permit cc = 2 In this case, as we can see from words such as electronic, elec~rlcltY, which at thIs.stage have the stress contour 21... , but do not, in the dialect in question receive secondary stress m the first syllable by rule (107b). 67 Th~ ordering of ~es. (~) an.d (b) of (107) is disjunctive, just as the ordering of cases (i) and (ii) of the
Main Stress Rule IS disjunctive, and for exactly the same reason. secondary, i.e., [rElreks+At+iVn].
We now turn to the phonological rules which are limited in applicability to the level of word boundary.
Notice that the phonetic output must be [rEI~ksAsan].
Of the rules we are now considering, the final one to apply in this derivation is the Stress Adjustment Rule, Prior to the application of this rule, we must, therefore, have the representation [rEI~ksAsan].
Our problem, then, is to provide a rule that will carry the stress contour from 21, which we now have, to 231, which we need as the proper input to the Stress Adjustment Rille.
If we weaken the stress from 2 to 3 in the second syllable, then rule (107b) will assign [2 stress] in the first syllable, as we require.
Therefore we must add a new rule (108) which weakens stress in the position immediately preceding primary stress.
In the first cycle primary stress is placed on the strong final cluster of the underlying verb.
In the second cycle the primary stress is shifted to the syllable preceding ion in the usual way (see p. 87).
Rule (108) then weakens the pretonic stress, and the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (107) assigns secondary stress in the first syllable.
The Stress Adjustment Rule (63) then weakens all of the nonprimary stresses in the word.
The vowel [re], although it now has stress 4, is immune from reduction as the rules are Iormulated.P , In a similar way we derive analogous representations in the case of attestation deportation, etc., as well as in many other cases (e.g., connectivity, conductivity, objectivity: elasticity).
In each case the stress contour of the first three syllables is 341 and the vowel with [4 stress] remains unreduced.
In contrast, words such as information, demonstration, adjectival all have the stress contour 31and a reduced vowel in the second syllable, since in these words the second syllable has never received stress in an earlier cycle.
We can even account, in this way, for such a fine distinction as is exhibited by the pairs compensation (cf. compensatory), ~ [yk;,N =deNs]y At+i\fn]N in exactly the same way.69 If, for some reason, rule (108) does not apply to a word with the stress contour 21... , then cases (a) and (b) of the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (107) will not assign secondary stress to the initial minusstressed vowel, since the rule (107), as formulated, requires that the pretonic vowel have a stress weaker than secondary.
In fact, rule (108) is optional for certain classes of words, and when it does not apply, rule (107) is blocked.
Thus, in the case of words such as elasticity, electricity, we may have either the contour 31or 341.
In the Because of these facts, it is easy to detect at least five degrees of stress in English.
Thus, in forms such as relaxation, we have the stress contour 341, [stress] being numerically representable as [5 stress] in this case.
Notice that we could not take the contour to be 2314, because of contrasts such as either nation 69 This is an acco.rdwith our pronunciation and also with a distinction between these forms noted in Kenyon and Knott.
It IS, however, unreasonable to expect crossdialectal identity on a minute point such as this particularly in the light of the problematic nature of phonetic representation at this level of fineness of Actually, to be even more precise, our grammar generates [kandensAs:m] for the nominalized former case, neither rule (108)por rille (107) has applied; in the latter, both have applied.
As we have formulated the rules, the option is restricted to rule (108), the subsequent As a further example of rule (107a, b), consider the nouns instrumentality, comiple4 1mentarity, experimentation, each of which has an unreduced vowel under [4 stress] immediately before a primary stress.
Taking instrumentality as an example, we have the derivation In the first cycle we disregard the final lax syllable of the noun under condition (b) of the Main Stress Rule and assign primary stress by case (i).
Thus in isolation we would have the phonetic representation [instramont]..
In the second cycle the affix al causes primary stress to be assigned to the strong cluster that immediately precedes it.
In the final, wordlevel cycle, the affix ty causes primary stress to be placed on the syllable preceding the weak cluster that immediately precedes tv. giving the third line of the derivation.
Rule (108) then weakens the pretonic stress, and rule (107) raises the stress on the syllable before the weak cluster to secondary by case (a).
The Stress Adjustment Rule next weakens the nonprimary stresses.
The final affix becomes [tEl by rule (104), and the Vowel Reduction
Rule gives, finally, [instromentelotfi].
Again we have a nonreduced vowel under stress 4.
Before leaving this topic, we should make several further remarks about assignment of secondary stress by an Auxiliary Reduction Rule.
First, it should be noted that this phonological process is considerably more general than we have indicated.
The joint effect of rules (108) and (107a, b) is to convert a stress contour of the form x21 to 231 or xy21 to 2y31.
We have given rules for this process within the scope of word boundaries only, but it also operates above the level of the word.
Thus, in isolation fifteen or abstract (the adjective) has main stress on the final syllable, but, as has often been noted, in the construetionfifteen men or abstract art, we have the stress contour 231 (see also note 26).
The reason for this is perhaps the following.
In the manner described in Section 8, the Nuclear Stress
Rule converts fifteen men and abstract art to fifteen men and abstract art, respectively.
Now, by a phenomenon superficially similar to the one we have formalized in terms of rules (108) and (107), the resulting x21 contour is converted to 231.
Similarly, in a sequence such as tired old men, the 221 contour produced by the Nuclear Stress Rule is generally converted to 231, perhaps by the same process.
We do not know precisely what the domain of this process is, or how it should be described in detail.
We merely note here that our description, which is limited in scope to the word, is insufficiently general. ( act of condensing) and [kandansAs;m] for the noun referring, e.g., to drops of water on the window pane (which, like information, does not have an underlying cycle for the contained verb).
.
T?e reason for ~sumin&: IbN.! (N being the archisegment [+nasalJ) in the phonological representation IS that the pomt of articulation of the nasal is determined by the following consonant.
On the analysis of ity, see page 87 and note 90.
On the stress contour of experimentation, see note 72.
We modify (107) below (see (120» so that it applies to vowels with other than primary stress
Alternatively, this could be regarded as derived from an underlying verb, like the examples of page 96.
Actually, even within a word the process we have now been discussing has slightly wider scope than we have indicated.
Consider, for example, artificiality.
We enter the final, wordlevel cycle with the representation [Nrertifikirel+i+ti]N Primary stress is then placed on the antepenultimate syllable, giving [Nrertifikireliti]N Since the secondarystressed vowel is not immediately followed by the primarystressed vowel, the change of contour from 321 to 231 should not take place, as we have formulated rule (108), and the resulting contour should be 431; but, in fact, the correct contour is 341 rather than 431.
Thus rule (108) must be slightly generalized to take account of this case and similar cases.P Returning now to rule (107), we have still not given examples to illustrate cases (c) and (d).
These cases of the rule assign secondary (ultimately, by the Stress Adjustment Rule, tertiary) stress to the vowel of a strong cluster in the initial syllable of a word.
Thus, in vocation, gestation, plantation, asbestos, audacious, etc., the vowel of the first syllable does not reduce and has [3 stress]. (Some would say [4 stress], in which case a slight revision of the rule becomes necessary.) Actually, the situation is a bit more complex in this position, but we omit any more precise specification of the relevant context here (see note 65).
Case (c) of rule (107) protects a vowel from reduction in the context CC, but not in the context C= C.
Thus stress is introduced by (107c) in the first syllable of Montana, pontificate, cantankerous, lampoon, etc., but not in the verbs com = bat, can = tend, can = vert, can = tinue, and so on.
This fact provides an additional justification for the decision to have a readjustment rule insert a boundary with the feature [FB] in prefixstem constructions Given a stress contour of the form 21, rule (108) converts it to 31 and rule (107a) converts it to 231.
A reasonable suggestion would be to drop rule (108) from the grammar altogether and to adopt a slightly different convention for assigning secondary stress.
The convention for assignment of primary stress is as follows: when primary stress is assigned in a particular position, the stress value in every other position is weakened by one.
Suppose that (following Kiparsky, 1966) we were to say, more generally, that when stress n is assigned in a particular position, then the stress value in any other position with stress not heavier than n is weakened by one.
Under this convention, if rule (107a) applies to a contour 21, it assigns secondary stress to the minusstressed vowel and automatically reduces the secondary stress already present to tertiary.
Thus rule (107a) itself converts 21 to 231, and rule (108) We do not accept this proposal, however, for several reasons.
First, the suggested convention leads to technical difficulties.
Consider, for example, the word anticipate.
In the normal way, the stress assignment rules provide the stress contour anticip At, As matters As an additional example, yet to be covered, consider the word Ticonderoga.
The Main Stress Rule assigns primary stress to the penultimate syllable.
Rule (107b) then assigns secondary stress to the strong cluster preceding the primary stress by two syllables, giving Ticonderoga.
Case (c) of rule (107), which we discuss directly, assigns secondary stress to the strong cluster in the first syllable, giving Ticonderoga. now stand rule (107c) will assign secondary stress in the first syllable and the Stress Adjust, ment Rule will then apply, giving anticipAt, as desired.
But if we were to adopt the suggested of the final syllable will reduce to tertiary, giving anticip At, However, as we have seen ill the discussion of verbnoun pairs such as [delagAt][delagat], [rejomentjjrelcmant], a tertiarystressed vowel.reduces in this position.
Thus we derive the incorrect phonetic form *[~ntisipat].
This fact seems to provide a compelling argument against the convention.
Apart from such technical considerations, there are others of a more general nature that lead us to question the proposed convention.
It seems to us mistaken to regard the rules for assignment of secondary stress as forming a part of the system of stress assignment rules.
Rather, they form a part of the system of vowel reduction.
They are simply a device for preventing vowel reduction in certain positions, on a par with the other Auxiliary Reduction Rules that weaken stress as a device for permitting vowel reduction in other positions.
If this conception of the role of the rules for assignment of secondary stress is correct, then the suggested generalization of the convention for stress assignment is a spurious one and inappropriate for the rules in question.
There is, however, an interesting theoretical issue here, and we emphasize that our argument is far from conclusive.
Thus, a generalization such as that proposed on page 117 for constructions beyond the word level would argue against our conclusion, as Kiparsky has correctly observed.
We have now given several examples of the first type of Auxiliary Reduction Rule, namely, the type (105a) that protects a vowel from reduction despite its lack of earlier stress.
Let us now turn to the second type, that is, the type (1OSb) that makes a vowel subject to reduction despite its earlier stress.
Such rules place a vowe I ill t e category _ tense ill certain contexts, so that the Vowel Reduction Rule (103) will apply to them.
Our problem Consider first the words solidity, telegraphy.
These are derived from the underlying forms solid and telegraph, and therefore enter the wordlevel cycle with the stress contours stress is shifted to the antepenultimate syllable, giving solidity and telegraphy.
However, the vowels in boldface must reduce, despite the fact that at this stage of derivation they belong to the category [+stress].
Therefore we must give an Auxiliary Reduction Rule of the form (105b) to shift them to the category [stress] (all vowels in these examples are already lax) so that the Vowel Reduction Rule (103) can apply to them.
We have so far been assuming that all rules relating to Vowel Reduction precede the Stress Adjustment Rule (63), which, it will be recalled, is just a special case of the Nuclear Stress Rule.
Continuing with this assumption, we must now formulate (105b) so as to convert the tertiarystressed vowel of graph and the secondarystressed vowels of teland solto the category [,,stress].
It seems that the relevant aspects of these contexts are As our rules now stand, the Stress Adjustment Rule will give, finally, Ticonderoga.
Actually, this should be modified to either of the two optional variants Ticonderoga or Ticonderoga.
The first of these might be produced by a process similar to the one we have just been discussing.
The second would require a subsidiary rule much like (108).
Apparently what is needed is a variety of subsidiary rules to assign relative stress among weak stresses that are equal as our rules are now formulated.
Such rules are needed, for example, to assign the contour 4341to experimentation (see p. 117).
Rule (107c)should assign secondary stress in the first syllable, protecting the vowel from reduction.
The Stress Adjustment Rule weakens.this vowel to tertiary stress.
A further weakening requires a rule of the sort just discussed.
We shall have to revise and extend both cases slightly as we proceed.
As (I11) stands, it states that a tertiarystressed vowel which is the final stressed segment in the word becomes lax and nonstressed (case (a», and that any vowel becomes lax and nonstressed if it is followed by no more than a single consonant followed by a primarystressed vowel (case (bj ).
Case (a) will apply to the tertiarystressed vowel in t~l~gr~phy.
Case (b) applies to the vowel in the first syllable of telegraphy and solidity, assigning it, in each case, to the category [stress].
Thus (l11) accounts for the reduction of vowels in these words.
Notice that the Auxiliary Reduction Rule we are discussing does not apply to the it is blocked by the double consonant following the vowel.
We have, however, formulated (111) so that it applies freely to tense vowels.
We will see that certain restrictions are needed Consider now the nouns document, regiment, experiment, delegate, advocate, etc., and adjectives such as animate, elaborate.
As we have pointed out, these forms can be regarded as derived from underlying verbs.
The additional cycle required for this derivation reduces the stress in the final syllable to tertiary, as compared with the corresponding verbs, which, with one less cycle in the derivation, have secondary stress in this position at thisstage (see p. 107).
In all cases the tertiarystressed vowel in the final syllable becomes nonstressed and lax by the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (l05b), applying in the context (IlIa), and then reduces to [g] by (103).
Thus we have now fully accounted for the contrast between the verbs document, delegate, elaborate, etc., with unreduced tertiarystressed vowel~ in the fi nal syllables, and the nouns and adjectives document, delegate, elaborate, with reduced
Notice that the Auxiliary Reduction Rule in question does not apply to a tertiarystressed vowel followed by a double consonant if there is a stressed vowel later in the word.
Thus consider the words documentation, regimentation, experimentation.
Taking the first as an example, we denve the stress contour document in the first cycle.
In the next cycle pnmary stress IS placed on At, giving documentation.
But the tertiarystressed vowel of this word does not fall under case (a) of (111) because it is followed by a later stressed segment; and it does not fall under case (b) because it is protected by a double consonant.
Thus the Auxiliary Reduction Rule gives, finally, d~cum;nt~tion, with a nonreduced vowel under stress 4, as required for the dialect we are considering.
Consider now forms such as explanation, provocation, defamation, divination, all of which have reduction of the pretonic vowel.
Taking the first as an example, we have the In the first cycle, explain receives primary stress on its final syllable.
In the next cycle, the affix ion causes primary stress to be shifted to the right by (l02bi).
Rule (l08) weakens the pretonic secondary stress to tertiary; and the first Auxiliary Reduction Rule (l07b) assigns secondary stress in the initial syllable.
But now the second Auxiliary Reduction Rule, operating in the context (lll b), weakens the stress on the pretonic syllable to minus, at the same time specifying the vowel as [tense] (see (l05b».
The Vowel Reduction Rule (103) then reduces this segment to [g], and the Stress Adjustment Rule (63) gives us the final Notice that the forms relaxation, attestation, connectivity, etc., which we discussed above, are identical to forms such as explanation in their derivational history up to the point at which the wordlevel rules apply.
But in the case of the former words, the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (105b) does not apply to the pretonic vowel, which is protected by the double consonant that follows it.
Thus this vowel remains unreduced, with, finally, [4 stress].
The context (111b) is not formulated quite correctly, however.
As given, it will lead to the reduction of any vowel, tense or lax, with or without stress, if this vowel is separated from a following primary stress by no more than a single consonant.
As we have observed above, however, a strong cluster remains unreduced in pretonic position in wordinitial syllables.
Thus we have an unreduced vowel in the initial syllable of words such as location, gradation, totality, iconic, baboon, as well as in asbestos, gestation, mentality, etc.
We must therefore restate the context (111 b) so as to introduce this distinction between initial and noninitial positions in the case of tense vowels.
We now replace (l1lb) by (113): The necessity for still further emendation is clear from consideration of words such as conceptual, contemplative.
These enter the wordlevel cycle with the representations con = cept+u+al, con = tempIAt+iv.
The affix al causes primary stress to be shifted to cept, and, for reasons which we shall go into shortly, the affix iue also causes a stress shift to the right in contemplative, as one option.
In each case, then, the initial sequence is [k;)N= CY... ] after application of the Main Stress Rule in the wordlevel cycle.
But now the pretonic vowel should reduce.
Notice that in forms such as conchology, comptometer, bombard, the secondary stress (deriving from a primary stress assigned in the first cycle or, alternatively, assigned by (107c) if the forms are analyzed without an internal cycle) is protected from weakening to minus by the following double consonant, whereas in conceptual, contemplative, reduction does take place despite the double consonant.
The Summarizing these remarks, consider a vowel v» that appears in the context If m = n 0, y* will be tensed by rule (104) and therefore will not reduce to [~] by (103) (e.g., the boldface vowels of valuation and radiation).
Suppose that m =f: O.
If V has never received primary stress and the syllable is noninitial, then it will reduce (e.g., information, demonstration).
Suppose that v» has received primary stress at an earlier stage.
In this case, if n = 1 (hence m = n = 1), V will nevertheless reduce if it is lax (e.g., allegation), or if it is tense and not in an initial syllable (e.g., explanation, provocation, justification, multiplication).
If it is tense and the syllable is initial, it will not reduce (e.g., rotation, location, elation).
If m = 2 (hence n ::::: 2), y* will not reduce (e.g., relaxation, deportation), although its final phonetic stress, after later rules apply, will be [4 stress].
With the usual margin of exceptions, these remarks appear to cover the facts.
Further consideration of tense stressed vowels in the context ClAtion sheds some additional light on vowel reduction.
Such vowels will be reduced by (103) only if they are subject to the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (105b) that assigns them to the categories [tense] and [stress].
Thus reduction of a. tense vowel is contingent on laxing.
If for some reason, a vowel is tense at the point where the Vowel Reduction Rule (103) applies, it will not be reduced.
We have already made use of this fact to account for the nonreduction of unstressed nonlow vowels in prevocalic and final position.
Butthere are two vocalic nuclei which are always tense in positions where others are lax, namely, [i5y] and [yuw].
Thus, in words such as exploitatiue, commutative, the stressed vowel is not lax, as it is in As we shall see in the next chapter, a rule of great generality makes vowels lax in the position where the main stress falls in all of these examples, and a subsequent rule causes the segments that underlie [i5y] and [yuw] to become tense.? (Other rules, not now relevant, account for the glides that appear in these vocalic nuclei.) Clearly the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (105b) should fall together with the other laxing rules.
It will therefore precede the rule that tenses the segments underlying [i5y] and [yiiw], so that when the Vowel Reduction Rule applies, these elements will be tense, hence not subject to vowel reduction.
For this reason, we have an unreduced pretonic syllable in words such as exploitation and commutation.l? which are otherwise parallel in their derivational history to explanation, provocation, etc.
For just the same reason, we do not have reduction in the final syllable of the noun constitute, which is related to the verb constitute in exactly the way the noun advocate, with In American English, the primarystressed vowel of provocative, which is originally /0/ (cf. provoke), is tensed in most dialects to phonetic [a] by a later rule; after having been laxed by the general laxing rule.
Thus the analog to the tenselax pairs [A][re], [I][i], [E][e] is actually [O][a], and alongside of sAnsanity; diulndioinity, obscEnobscenity, we have verbOsuerbosity, That a later tensing rule is involved in these cases is evident not only from the symmetry, but also from the fact that even an originally lax. etc.
We know that the vowel in boldface is phonologically lax in these cases because of the placement of primary stress in the first member of each pair.) Hence we see that despite the phonetic tenseness, the stressed vowel of words such as provocative has, in fact, undergone laxing along with the other examples just cited.
We return to this matter in detail in the next chapter. 74 Alternatively, the monophthong underlying [5y] may be exempted from the laxing rules, but this matter is not relevant to the point here at issue.
The same two options are available in the case of the formative
As we shall see in the next chapter, the tensing rules must, in general, follow the laxing rules.
7S The vocalic nucleus [yuw] can optionally be reduced to [y:l] in various contexts when it is unstressed.
An accurate description of this process involves questions concerning the phonological analysis of the vowel system to which we will turn in the next chapter.
For the present, it is enough to observe that what is involved here is not simply the process of vowel reduction. reduced final syllable, is related to the verb advocate, with unreduced final syllable.
Furthermore, there are certain particular formatives which, as an idiosyncratic (lexically marked) feature , are exempt from laxingfor example, nOt, as in 1denOt.
Thus the word denotative is phonetically [dEn6t~t~v],7 6 instead of the expected [dlinatotav] (analogous to provocative).
But since this vowel is.not subject to laxing, in general, it does not undergo (I05b) and therefore is also not subject to Yowel Reduction, since (103) applies only to nontense vowels.
Thus we have [dEnC>tAs~n], instead of the expected [d~n~tAs~n], which would be parallel Case (a) of (111) also must be somewhat extended.
This is clear from a comparison of words such as advisorypromissory and vanants such as [ben~flsEerE][ben~fls~rE]
(beneficiarythe basis for the alternation will be discussed in Chapter Four, Section 6).
We will return below to the problem of how primary stress is assigned in words such as these.
It is clear, however, that the secondary stress of Ory, Ary is weakened to minus in immediate poststress position, but it remains as secondary (ultimately being weakened to tertiary by the Stress Adjustment Rule) when it is separated from primary stress by a nonstressed syllable.
The reduction, however, does not take place in wordfinal syllables, as in nouns such as protest, saroey, torment.
To account for this phenomenon, we extend (IlIa) to (115):
Under this extended condition, then, a vowel will become lax and minusstressed, subsequently reducing to [~] by the Vowel Reduction Rule.
One final emendation is needed in the Auxiliary Reduction Rules (105), now formulated tentatively as (107), (115), and (114).
As we have formulated (I07a, b) and (114), secondary stress is inserted by (107) and [ stress] is introduced by (114) in positions determined by a subsequent primary stress.
Recall, however, that these rules apply only at the level of word boundary.
If the word is sufficiently complex in its internal structure, the stress that determines the positions in which the Auxiliary Reduction Rules apply may have itself been reduced from primary to secondary by the time the wordlevel stage of the transformational cycle is reached.
In fact, what is required for the application of these rules is not an occurrence of primary stress (as in all the examples given above), but simply an occurrence of a stress greater than that of the position in which the rules apply; i.e., what is needed is a stress peak, regardless of its value.
Thus we have relied on (114) to switch the first syllable of solidity to the category [stress] before the primarystressed vowel.
The word solidify would undergo reduction of the first vowel in exactly the same way.
But consider sol;dific~tion.
In this case, after the Main Stress Rule has applied in the wordlevel cycle, we have secondary, not primary, stress on the second syllable lid, but this still causes reduction of the preceding vowel, exactly as in the case of solidity, solidify.
Or, to take a slightly more complex example, consider the word componentiality, which has the following As we have pointed out on paged I 1, our conventions are systematically different from those of Kenyon and Knott in certain aspects.
Thus their representation, in this case, is [dEnOt:ltiv].
As we have noted, in cases such as this only trivial modifications of the rules are needed to change the phonetic output to
In this case, as in the case of artificiality, discussed on page 118, we have omitted an application of (l08).
Here (108) should apply, to the vowel of ent, so that the final stress contour is 341.
In the first cycle, the affix ent places stress on the preceding strong cluster, and in isolation we would have component.
In the second cycle, the affix al causes stress to be placed in the syllable that precedes it by two, the immediately preceding cluster being weak.
In isolation the adjective would therefore be componential.
The stress on the first syllable would be introduced by (107b) after (lOS) has weakened the second syllableto tertiary; the second syllable ultimately would reduce by (l03) after application of the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (105b) in the context (114).
But in the derivation of the noun componentiality, there is a third cycle, in which the stress is once again shifted to the right by the affix ty.
We must now introduce a secondary stress on the first syllable by rule (l07b), exactly as in componential (or explanation, etc.), but the syllable that determines the position of stress placement now has not primary but secondary stress.
Consequently (107) must be generalized to accommodate this case.
After placement of the secondary stress by (l07), suitably generalized, we next must weaken the stress on the second syllable to minus by (105b), applying in the context (l14).
Once again, the syllable that determines the position of reduction has not primary but secondary stress, and this is sufficient to allow the rule to apply.
Finally, the Stress Adjustment and Vowel Reduction Rules (with others we have not yet discussed) Let us now summarize the discussion of this section.
We have discussed the Tensing Rule (104) which makes unstressed vowels tense before vowels or, when nonlow, before word boundary; rule (lOS) which converts a... 21.  contour to... 31... ; Auxiliary Reduction Rules of the type (105a) which introduce secondary stress in certain positions; Auxiliary Reduction Rules of the type (l05b) which place certain vowels in the category [tense, stress]; and the Vowel Reduction Rule (103) which converts lax unstressed vowels to [a].
As far as ordering is concerned, it is clear that the Vowel Reduction Rule is the last of these, and that rule (lOS) must precede the Auxiliary Reduction Rules that introduce secondary stress, since it provides a relevant context for the latter.
Furthermore, the Tensing Rule must follow the Auxiliary Reduction Rules of the type (105b), as we have noted in discussing words such as exploitation, exploitative, commutation, commutative, denotation, denotative.
We will see in the next chapter (p.
IS3) that there is some reason to suppose that the Auxiliary Reduction Rules that assign secondary stress follow the Tensing Rules, since assignment of secondary stress to tense vowels applies also to vowels which are tensed only by the Tensing Rules.
These facts suggest that we give the rules in the following order (adding slight qualifications that will be needed later on): where ~ is 1, 2, or 3, ex is weaker than ~, y is weaker than 2 We have reversed the ordering of cases (a) and (b) of (111) so as to account for forms such as the noun correlate derived from the corresponding verb.
In the manner described above, the vowel of the final syllable is subject to (118)and hence to Vowel Reduction in the noun (but not the verb).
But the vowel of the medial syllable of correlate may be tense, as suggested by conside:ations raised on page 128.
In this case, it, too, must be subject to (l18), becoming lax and then reducing by (121).
But only ~e (a) of (118) can apply to this vowel, and case (a) will not apply if the final vowel has already had Its stress We assume here that where F is a feature, the schema Y(X>Z [( for the sequence YXZ [ ; ] Q, YZ [~] Q.
A generalization of the notations providing this interpretation will be presented in the Appendix to Chapter Eight.
We have changed y = 3, as in (115), to y = 3 or weaker, for reasons which will appear subse. quently.
Notice that this modification is entirely natur~l in thi~ case.
Recall once again that a weaker stress is associated WIth a greater numencal value m our notation.
Thus [2 stress] is weaker than [1 stress], [3 stress] is weaker than [2 stress], etc.
It is possible that we should have [Ilstress], Il! 1, instead of [stress] in (1I8c), (118d), but we 79 The condition that Il is weak$r than y guarantees that the vowel with [ystress] is a stress peak in the In most of the examples given so far, [estress] has in fact been [stress].
We give the slightly more general condition on IX to accommodate such examples as instrumentality (see the derivation (110), Although these rules are not complete, they come sufficiently close to specifying the positions of vowel reduction for the purposes of our present discussion. the stressdetermining element of the context.
Omitting At+y from consideration, we apply.case (i) to the remaining sequence ~dvoc, reassigning primary stress on the first syllable and weakening stress on Atto tertiary.
The tertiarystressed vowel then becomes minusstressed and lax by the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (118) and, finally, reduces by the Vowel Reduction Rule (121).
We thus derive [~dvakasE) as the phonetic representation for the The modification proposed in (122) also accounts for adjectives derived from verbs that end in ate.
Thus consider the words in (124): We have now covered many of the major phonological processes that determine stress contours and vowel reduction, but there are still a number of refinements to be added.
In this section we will sharpen and extend the rules of primary stress placementthat involve Let us consider first the noun advocacy.
This form has the underlying representation [N [yadvocAt]y y]N In the first cycle it follows the pattern we have outlined in the previous sections, and it enters the wordlevel cycle in the form [NadvocAt+Y]N As our rules now stand, condition (a) of the Main Stress Rule (102) is fulfilled, y being the stress2 determining affix,8o and case (ii) will assign primary stress to At, giving advocAty, which becomes, finally, phonetic *[redvakAsE).
However, the correct phonetic representation is, To account for this example, we must modify condition (a) (and, as we shall see directly, condition (c)) of the Main Stress Rule in such a way that the sequence Atis regarded as part of the context omitted from consideration.
We thus reformulate condition With this modification, we have the following derivation for advocacy: In the first cycle primary stress is placed on the final strong cluster and is then shifted left two syllables by the Alternating Stress Rule (75).
Thus, after application of the Stress Adjustment Rule, we would have the phonetic representation [edvokat] for the verb advocate in isolation.
But for the noun advocacy, there is a second cycle, in which condition (a) of the Main Stress Rule holds in its new formulation (122), with At+y functioning as We are assuming here that the affix y will place stress under condition (a) of the Main Stress Rule along with other affixes.
This, of course, requires that the lexical representation for y be compatible with condition (a).
It is not immediately obvious that this is the case, but the assumption is in fact correct, Several of these words have variant pronunciations to which we return directly.
However, it is immediately obvious from these examples that the position of primary stress is governed by cases (i) and (li) of the Main Stress Rule applying to th~ string precedin~ ati~e ~ the now familiar fashion: primary stress is assigned to the penultunate vowel of this stnng if the string ends with a weak cluster; otherwise it is assigned to the terminal strong cluster.
In the first cycle we derive demonstr At, generAt, in the usual way.
In the second cyc e, condition (a) of the Main Stress Rule (102) holds in both cases, in its revised formulation (12~), excluding the sequence Atioe from consideration.
Case (i) of the Main Stre~s Rule applies in the case of generative, placing primary stress on the first syllable of genersince the second syllable has a weak cluster.
The effect here is not to shift the stress, which is already on this syllable, but to weaken the stress on Atto tertiary.
Case (ii) applies to demonstrative, shifting primary stress to the strong cluster.
The Auxiliary Reduction Rule (118) then co~­ verts the tertiarystressed vowels and the pretonic secondarystressed vowel to [stress) m the manner described in the preceding section.
Finally the Vowel Reduction Rule (121) It should be noted, incidentally, that the reformulation of condition (a) of the Main Stress Rule as (122) relies in an essential way on the general convention that parentheses imply disjunctive ordering.
Thus (122) abbreviates two successive rules that assign primary As we shall see in the next chapter, the underlying representations ,ror demolls!,ate and gell:,at~ are actually jdem::lNstrAtj and jgenVrAtj, respectively.
The rules changing [::>] to [a] and [g] to [J] will be discussed there, along with the phonological interpretation of the symbol A.
See note 76 on the divergence of our representation from Kenyon and Knott m the cas.e of
iue.
An obvious minor adjustment in the rules is needed to give the Kenyon and Knott representations. stress in the contexts (126a) and (126b) (where \T is a lax, minusstressed vowel), taken in Suppose that the ordering of (126a) and (126b) were not disjunctive.
Taking the word as an example, we would first assign primary stress under condition (126a), giving demonstrative, and we would then proceed to (126b), which, in this case, would assign primary stress to the strong cluster At, giving demonstrAtive, ultimately *demonstrative.
The disjunctive ordering of (126a) and (126b) prevents this incorrect derivation.
There are words, such as indicative, correlative, that seem inconsistent with the analysis given, since the stress is shifted to a weak cluster.
However, we have the means to deal with these forms.
In fact, this can be done in either of two ways.
One possibility is to with the = boundary that appears in prefixstem forms.
This boundary will not block the correct derivation of the underlying verbs in the first cycle, since.the Alternating Stress Rule (75), which shifts stress two syllables back from At, can apply to strings with = in this position.
Case (i) of the Main Stress Rule, however, cannot.
Thus, in the second cycle that is required for the derivation of the adjective, when the affix atiue places primary stress, this boundary will block case (i).
Case (ii) will then apply, assigning primary stress to the syllable preceding atioe.
Still another representation that would give the correct result is suggested by the laxing rule to which we have alluded several times, that is, the rule that converts A to re, E to e, I to i, 0 to a(see note 73) in certain contexts, among which are the contexts atiue, itiu.
Thus we have comparative, repetitive, derivative, provocative from compAr, repEt, derlu, provOk.
This rule permits us to derive indicative, correlative from underlying representations with a tense vowel in the syllable that takes primary stress: In the first cycle we derive the stress pattern indlkAt in the usual way.
If we were dealing with the verb in isolation, the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (118a), with ~ = 2, would now apply to1 the 3medial vowel, making it lax.
This vowel would then be reduced by (121), giving [indakAt] after application of the Stress Adjustment Rule.
To derive the adjective, there is a second cycle, in which the Main Stress Rule applies under condition (a) in its formulation (122).
The sequence atiue is thus omitted from consideration, and primary stress is placed on the strong cluster immediately preceding this sequence.
The Laxing Rule, which applies in the context atioe, then converts [I] to [i].
The Auxiliary Reduction Rule Rule (121), and the Stress Adjustment Rule (63) now give the We noted above that alongside of the examples of (124) there are, in several cases, variant phonetic forms.
Thus we have the alternative forms [kantemplotov][kantgmplAtgv] and (j~ngrgtgv](j~ngrAtgv].82We have accounted in this section only for the first member of each pair.
But it is clear that in the alternative form, iue is simply acting as a neut.ral affix, leaving intact the phonetic representation of the underlying verb.
We therefore provide for the option of affixing ioe with a # boundary that is not deleted by readjustment ~es, for when an affix is preceded by #, the cycle in which it appears as a stressdetermining element is vacuous (see p. 85).
Summarizing, we see that where the underlying representation is as in the lefthand column in (128), the phonetic form will be the corresponding These forms are of some interest since it is by no means obvious from superficial examination that the paired items are all related by the same system of phonolo~cal processes.
Ho~ever, as we have seen, it is precisely this pairing that is predicted by mdependently motivated Let us tum next to a consideration of the derivational affix y as III aristocracy, telegraphy, synonymy, economy, galaxy, industry, melody, etc.
Not.ice that this is not to be confused with the y variant of the nominalization element, as III advocacy (see p. 126) or with the affix # y of shiny, stringy, etc. (see p. 85).
We review here some material presented in earlier sections, extending the scope and refining the content of our previous Before considering the effect of yon stress placement, let us investigate the question of its underlying represe~tation. ~ince with regard to stress value it is phopetic with the final vowel of effigy, Kennedy, rather than the final vowel of refugee, chickadee, we see that it must be phonologically lax rather than tense, and subject to tensing by rule (119).
Hence, at the stage of derivation prior to the application?f (119), the affix is represented [i].
However, [i] cannot be the underlying representation, The reason IS that the grammar must contain rule (129), which applies before the stress rules:
This rule is necessary to account for forms such as bilebilious, reptilereptilian, ArabArabian, professorprofessorial, managermanagerial, mattermaterial,presidentpresidential.
The question of whether an item takes the ending ial, ious, ian, with ~n i, or al, ~ous, an (as in peripheral, general, oriental, etc.), without an i, is determmed by the ~tem itself, as an inherent property.
Consequently, forms such as bile, reptile, professor, president Notice that in a case such as legislative, we will have the variants [1ej;>sIAt;>v][lej;>sl;>t;>v], instead of
[1~j;>sIAt;>V][I;>jisl;>t;>v],provided that lax vowel followed by consonant followed by the liquid I constitutes a weak cluster.
But see (49) and note 32 (p. 83). so on, just as habit, tempest, etc., must be represented in the lexicon as Ihrebit+u/, Itempest+u/. 84 In short, there are stemforming vowels Iii and lui which are deleted in final position by rule (129) but which remain before certain affixes.
Since final y is not subject to deletion by rule (129), it must be represented in such a way as to differentiate it from the stemforming vowels, if this method of analyzing i and u augments is correct.
There are several possible ways of achieving this result.
The simplest and most straightforward is to distinguish y from stemforming Iii and lui by a single feature, and the natural choice is the feature [vocalic].
Since Iii and lui are represented as [+vocalic, consonantal], let us represent y as [vocalic, consonantal], that is, as the glide Iyl (see p. 68), the other features remaining unchanged.
We then add rule (130) to The position of rule (130) in the sequence of rules is a question to which we will return Recall that we found earlier that there is a rule (rule (57), p. 87) that converts [i] to [y] in certain contexts.
Clearly, the case for rule (130) will be strengthened if it falls together with rule (57).
As we shall see in the next chapter (Section 6), this is precisely In short, we may represent y as the glide Iyl, converting it to [i] by (130) and finally to [E] by the Tensing Rule (119).
Thus industry, for example, will be entered in the lexicon as lindustr+Y/,85 whereas reptile will be entered IreptIl+if. (In the case of such variants as doctoraldoctorial, we will have the lexical,epresentation Id;>kt;>r(+i)1 for doctor, with optional stemforming Iii.) The stemforming vowel I+if will drop in final position, but the glide Iyl will remain, become a vowel, and, finally, become tense.
Having determined the underlying representation for the affix y, let us now turn to the question of how this affix affects stress placement.
At first glance it appears that the y affix assigns stress to the syllable preceding it by two, as in the examples aristocracy, telegraphy, synonymy, economy, galaxy, industry, melody, cited above.
Notice, however, that many of these examples do not justify the assignment of any special status to Yo In any case in which the cluster immediately preceding the affix is weak, the placing of primary stress on the syllable preceding the affix by two can be perfectly well explained on the assumption that y is a regular affix that assigns primary stress by the usual rule involving weak and strong clusters (i.e., cases (i) and (ii) of the Main Stress Rule).
For example, the Notice that the representation could not be /bIli/, /reptIli/, etc. (or, in the cases we are considering, /industri/, etc.), without the + before the stemforming vowel, since a vowel in the context C # does not drop (cf. pity, valley, etc.), and, in the case of industry, would give the stress pattern industry, indicate that rule (129) is actually somewhat more general than given here.
It must state that any high vowel (i.e., [u] as well as /i/) is deleted in this position. 85 We have as yet given no justification for representing the medial vowel as [u], This will be done in the In the first cycle the stem crat receives primary stress as a monosyllable.
In the second cycle we are dealing with the noun aristoer~t.
Conditions (a) and (b) of the Main Stress Rule are inapplicable but condition (c) holds, and case (i) assigns primary stress to the sylla~le two away from ~he primarystressed syllable crat.
If we were deali~~ with ~the :,ord allSt~erat in isolation, the Stress Adjustment Rule would then apply, giving aristocrat, the mmusstressed vowels finally reducing to [g].
In the case of (131), however, we proc.e~d to an additional cycle.
Condition(a) of the Main Stress.
Rule holds. the stressd~term~mng affix being _y.87 Since the cluster preceding the affix IS weak, primary stress IS asslgne~ two syllables back by case (i).
Rules (117) and (120) then convert the ~1 contour to 231, ill the manner described in the preceding section.
The Auxiliary Reduction Rule (118c) weakens the tertiarystressed vowel of crat to minus stress since it is. not followed. by any stres~ed vowel.
This vowel then reduces to [g]by rule (121), and we denve the phonetic representatiOn [~rist~krgsE] by the rules that tense the wordfinal vow.el (~hat is, (119)), change [o] to
[a], and change [t] to [s], under conditions that we descnbe ill the ne~t ~hapter.
Thus most of the examples cited do not serve to show that y IS III any way distinct from the regular affixes ous, al, etc., which operate by the familiar rules.
To demonstrate that _y actually belongs to an ad hoc category of affixes that assign stress t? the syllable preceding the affix by two, it would be necessary to show that when the terminal cluster of the sequence preceding y is strong, then it is still the cas~ that y al:vays causes stress to be assigned to the syllable preceding this strong cluster.
ThIS assumption seems to be correct when we look at words such as galaxy, industry, blasphlimy.
It no lo~ger holds, ~owever, when we come to other examples such as orthodoxy, polyandry. rhinoplasty, pedagOgy, dllegtrry, testimony; mlscellAny, All of these have a strong terminal cluster before y, but primary stress is placed in the syllable preceding y by three, not two..
Thus we have the following situation to account for.
Along WIth the regular affixes such as al and ous, the affix y assigns primary stress to the syllable two aw~y whe~ the immediately preceding cluster is weak (e.g., polygamous, polygamy).
When the lIDme~latelY preceding cluster is strong, then this syllable receives primary stress when the affix IS ous As has been becoming more and more obvious throughout th~s chapter, the underly~ng representations are in many cases very similar to conventional orthography, I.f we use the alph.abetlcsymbols a, 0 for phonological lre/, /~/, respectively, as is quite natural for English.
We shall see In t~e next chapter t~at there is a diacritic feature introduced by readjustment rules into segments of fo:mat1~es that are subject to derivational processes.
Using the alphabetical symbol c to represent /k/ With this. redundant extra the phonological retresentation of the word aristocracy will therefore be /arlsto+crat:+y/.
87 ;~i:::~uires a slight modification (actually, simplification) of condition (a), to which we turn directly. (e.g., polyandrous), but it receives only secondary (ultimately, tertiary) stress when the affix is y, primary stress appearing on an earlier syllable (e.g., polyandry).
Actually, the facts are still more complex than this.
Consider the ending Or+y, In each case, the cluster preceding y is strong.P In the first column the primary stress precedes this strong cluster by two syllables (as in the case of orthodoxy, testimony, etc.) In the second and third columns, however, the primary stress immediately precedes this strong cluster.
Notice that in the second column the cluster which takes the primary stress is itself strong, whereas in column one the cluster preceding O~+y is weak in each case.
Summarizing these various observations, we seem to have the following stress contours with finaly, where S stands for a syllable with a strong cluster, W for a syllable with Evidently, whatever the correct explanation may be for stress distribution before y, it will not do simply to assign y to a special category o~ affixes that place primary stress two syllables away from the affix in question.
Actually, a closer look shows that the apparently aberrant behavior of y can be explained on the assumption that it is a perfectly regular affix.
It is precisely this behavior that is predicted for y by the system of rules we have developed on independent grounds.
To see why this is so, let us turn back to the Main Stress Rule and give a somewhat more precise and, in fact, simpler account of it.
We have stated the determining context for conditions (a) and (b) of the Main Stress Rule as (134), and for conditions (c) and (d) as (135), Recall that the symbol V is an informal abbreviation for the feature complex [+ vocalic, consonantal] and that the symbol C is an informal abbreviation for the feature complex {[+ consonan taI] , that IS, either [vocalic] or [+consonantal].
Thus six features are actually mentioned in (134).
We can simplify (134) to (136), eliminating two features: The examples of the third column are not really crucial, since for most of them one might assume that the penultimate vowel is lax in the underlying forms.
However, there are also more crucial examples illustrating the point now at issue, in particular, those of the form #C oVCoVC2 + y listed in (I 33d).
This revision has no effect on any of our earlier discussion.f and the simplified formulation (136) is obviously to be preferred to (134) in terms of any reasonable evaluation measure, in particular, the one that we adopt throughout and will discuss in greater detail in Chapter Eight.
We retain the formulation (135) for conditions (c) and (d) without change, listing it In the case of a form ending in yfor example, telegraphywe see that it falls under condition (a), reformulated as (136), with /y/ taken as the segment [stress, tense, _ consonantal] and no consonants preceding or following it in the affix.
Furthermore, this To complete the derivation of telegraphy, we now apply rule (130), converting the final glide to the vowel [i], which the Tensing Rule (119) will convert finally to [E].
With this simplification of the Main Stress Rule, let us now return to the problem of accounting for the four types of stress contours with final y that we have noted in (133).
Case (a) of (133), namely, Aw+y, is handled exactly as before.
In the case of aristocracy, for example, we have the underlying lexical form [N [Nrerist;) [skrret]s ]N Y]N and the derivation is as in (131).
The other examples of case (133a) have analogous derivations.
Consider now the examples of (133b), which have the general form Aws+y.
Taking orthodoxy as an example, we have the following derivation (using the notational The first two cycles are as described earlier.
In isolation we would have the form orthodox, after Stress Adjustment.
In the third cycle, we first apply case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule under condition (a), now formalized as (136), taking /y/ as the stressplacing affix.
According to the disjunctive ordering, we skip condition (b) and turn to condition (c), which is conjunctively ordered with respect to (a).
This condition, which is repeated in its essentials A fact that we have not yet dealt with systematically but that is important throughout this discussion is that phonetic [E], [A], [U], [0], [5w], as well as the vocalic nuclei with centering glides and the true diphthongs [I], [5Y], and [awl (with their several dialectal variants), all derive from underlying monophthongs.
Hence, at the stage of derivation when the Main Stress Rule applies, there are no terminal sequences of the form vowelglide.
We go into this matter in detail in the next chapter. 90 Similarly, if we represent the affix ity as ji+tyj or ji+tij, then a word of the form ity is uniqu~IY interpretable under condition (a) with ty taken as the affix.
With this analysis, ity behaves exactly hk.e all regular affixes; without the assumption that it is morphologically complex, we would have to treat It as an exceptional element which always places stress on the final syllable of the item to which it is affixed.
This assumption is independently;.well motivated, as noted earlier.
For one thing, ty is a common nounforming affix (e.g., royalty, loyalty, certainty).
Furthermore, forms with ity frequently fall into a more general paradigm with ify and itude forms (e.g., clarityclarify, gratifygratitude, infinityinfinitude, sanctitysanctifysanctitude).
Also, as we shall see in Section 6 of the next chapter, the analysis jit+yj or jit+ij is ruled out by the rules for spirantization.
All these facts support the assumption that a stemforming element iis involved. as (135), excludes from consideration a stressed vowel followed by no vowels a~d then assigns primary stress to the residue in the usual way.
In this example we do have a stressed vowel followed by no vowels, namely, the string doxy, represented as [d;,ks+y] at this stage.
Case (i) of the Main Stress Rule reassigns primary stress to the initial syllable, weakening the stress on doxto secondary.
The Stress Adjustment Rule reduces the latter to tertiary, and other phonetic rules give, finally, [5rSadhsE].
The other examples of (133b)
(including the examples of the first column of (132)) are derived in the same way.
We next turn to the examples of (133c), which have the structure ASS+y.
Taking In the first cycle primary stress is assigned to the tense vowel of the final syllable of the verb in the usual way.
In the second cycle the affix y, under condition (a) of the Main Stress Rule, causes primary stress to be shifted to the tense vowel of the syllable immediately preceding the affix.
Then condition (c) holds, with Dryas the final stressed syllable of (135) that causes primary stress to be assigned.
In this instance the stress is assigned by case (ii) Rule, the final cluster of advis(the string that remains after the exclusion of.Or~) bei~g strong.
If this cluster were weak, as in promissory, case (i) would have applied, assignmg pnmary stress to the penultimate syllable of the residual string.
The Auxiliary Reduction Rule then applies, converting the vowel [9] to the category [tense, stress] so that the Vowel Reduction Rule (121) can then reduce it to [a].91 Notice that for (lISd) to apply in (13S), either rule (130), which converts [y] to [i], must precede (lIS) or else the final V of (11Sd) must be simplified to [consonantal].
Actually, both of these conditions hold and there is therefore no problem here.
Once again, had we been dealing with the otherwise analogous form promissory, rule (lIS) would have been inapplicable and the secondary stress would have remained on 0, ultimately being reduced to tertiary by the Stress Adjustment Rule.
Finally, w. e turn to the examples of (133d) and the third column of (132).
Taking industry as a typical case, we have the following derivation: The initial vowel of advise and advisory reduces, despite the double consonant that follow it b t e intervening = oundary.
The underlying representation of advisory, dropping labeled brackets, In the second cycle of (138) unless # IS simplified to + (see the condition on X in (102» W th assume that an a d hoc rea Justment rule replaces # by + before Ory and Ary Alt mig t restrict t e con Ition on X In rule (102) to condition (e) of the rule.
Notice, incidentally, that a rule replacing # by + is needed to account for all ca ution 0 f # d oes not accor d with  tzation 0 t e norninalization element in advocacy, and so on , we ha ve + boun dary ~nstea 0 t e ~ which might be expected on syntactic grounds, the effect being that the affix in uestion Primary stress is first assigned to the strong cluster by the affix rule.
Then, under condition (d) of the Main Stress Rule, primary stress is assigned to the monosyllable preceding the sequence ustry, which, being of the form VC o] specified in (135), is omitted from consideration for the purposes of stress assignment by condition (d).
The secondary stress on u resulting from this operation is further reduced to minus by the Auxiliary Reduction Rule
(11Sd).
The other phoneticrules give, finally, the phonetic form [indostrfi].
It is important to observe that no new machinery is needed to account for the apparently idiosyncratic behavior of y with respect to stress placement.
The only assumption we have made, beyond the assumptions that were independently motivated in earlier discussions, is that rule (130) follows the Main Stress Rule. (We already knew that it had to precede the Tensing Rule (119) and follow (129), which drops stemforming / +if when final.) In short, given this ordering, the independently motivated rules predict that y will assign stress in the manner indicated in (133).
Thus y is a perfectly regular affix; it belongs to no special category.
The fact that it differs so markedly from the other affixes in the superficial form of the stress contours that it provides is simply a consequence of its unique segmental constitution, y being the only derivational affix that consists solely of nonvowels.
It is this fact that allows a stressed syllable terminating in y to fall under condition (c) or (d), giving rise to the phenomena in (133).
As we noted, there is motivation for this analysis of y apart from considerations of stress, though the latter would, in any event, suffice as This is an interesting demonstration of how a system of rules can cause a small difference in underlying representation to have largescale and otherwise quite inexplicable phonetic effects.
As noted in Chapter Two, the empirical hypothesis regarding disjunctive and conjunctive ordering is playing a particularly crucial role here.
We have so far come across lexical items that are represented in the four forms (1) /XE/, (2) [Xi], (3) /X+i/, and (4) /X+y/.
Words such as pedigree, chickadee are of type (1); attorney, macaroni are of type (2); president, professor are of type (3); economy, testimony are of type (4).
Thus we have underlying representations such as (1) /cikVdE/; (2) /mrekVrOni/; (3) /pm=fes+Or+if; (4) /testVmOn+y/.
We will see in Chapter Five (note 6) that there is some slight evidence that words such as city, pity have the underlying representations /citee/, /pitee/, giving another source for phonetic final [E].
There is, furthermore, some justification (see pp. 22526) for an underlying representation /colony/, rather than /colon+y/, for colony (continuing to use the notational conventions of note S6).
We will also see that /y/ is otherwise restricted in distribution in lexical items to initial position.
Therefore the range of contrast between /i/ and /y/ is extremely limited.
In general, glides playa very marginal role in underlying representations in English.
Consider next the stress patterns of words ending in ary: Among these are nouns and adjectives of various kinds, some based on an independent form, some not.
The general similarity between ary forms and suggests that we analyze the examples of (140) as containing a final sequence which will then be parallel in its behavior to the j +Or+yj ending discussed We will formulate this rule properly in Section 4.3.5 of Chapter Four, incorporating it into the sequence of rules in the appropriate place.
The rule will apply only to the element ary, thus distinguishing the phonetically lax boldface vowel of secretary, secretarial, apothecary, etc., from the phonetically tense boldface vowel of area, various, malaria, and so on.
We will see in the next chapter that rule (142) is quite straightforward.
Also, there is independent evidence in favor of the rule, quite apart from the necessity to analyze the underlying vowel of ary as tense so as to account for the stress contours in (140). ,Thus consider alternations such as solidarysolidarity, capillarycapillarity.
We have noted several times that Are is a regular alternation.
There is, however, no other instance of an ere alternation.P Hence, if we were not to accept (142) as a rule, we would have to add a new rule to account for the ere alternation in these words.
Instead rule (142) explains this as a We see, then, that with the single addition of rule (142), the rules that we already have account for examples such as apothecary and anniversary and, in fact, for all of the For some varieties of British English, the example corollary should be in the second rather than the first column of (140a).
Its underlying representation should then be jk;)rOl+Ar+yj, rather than jk;)rV1+Ar+yj (with V an unspecified lax vowel) as in Some of the examples in the second column of (140a) have two cycles in their derivations.
The word elementary, for example, will be derived as follows..
In both cases, the y affix first places primary stress on the strong cluster that directly precedes (c), the final stressed syllable Ary is now omitted from consideration, and primary stress is shifted back two syllables in the case of apothecary, the final cluster of the residual sequence being weak, and shifted back one syllable in the case of anniversary, the final cluster of the sequence under consideration being strong.
The Auxiliary Reduction Rule (118d) now weakens the stress on the immediately posttonic syllable to minus, causing it to be reduced by the Vowel Reduction Rule.
The second Auxiliary Reduction Rule (120) assigns secondary stress to the antepretonic syllable of anniversary.
The Stress Adjustment Rule, rule (130), and the Tensing Rule give the final phonetic forms in both cases of (141), except that we must also add a subsidiary Laxing Rule to change [A] to [e] in ary: There is a marginal rule converting [reI to [e]in certain exceptional forms, but not under the circumstances In the first cycle, primary stress is placed on the first syllable, the second having a weak cluster and the final one being excluded from consideration under condition (b).
In the second cycle, the affix rule (a), with y as the affix, places primary stress on the immediately preceding strong cluster, and condition (c) then causes primary stress to be shifted left to the strong cluster immediately preceding the final stressed syllable.
The Auxiliary Reduction
Rules readjust the nonprimary stresses, and Stress Adjustment gives the desired final form.
We observed earlier that the affix Ary would be expected to be quite parallel to Ory in its behavior, and derivation (143) illustrates that this is in fact the case.
Thus the derivation of elementary in (143) is identical, in the second cycle, with the derivation of a word such as supervisory.
The underlying representation for this form is [A [y supervlsjc Or+yJA.
In the first cycle, primary stress is placed on the final strong cluster by (eli) of th e Main Stress Rule , and is then shifted two syllables to the Rule (75).
For the verb in isolation, then, we would have [sl.Jporvlz], when the Stress Adjustment Rule and other phonetic processes have applied.
But in the case of the adjective supervisory, we have a second cycle exactly like (143).
Primary stress is placed by (102ali) on the tense vowel of Orbefore the affix Yo Under condition (c), case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule (102) then shifts primary stress to the tense vowel of the syllable immediately preceding Ory, giving [supervIsOr~]. _T~e _~uxiliary Reduction and Stress Adjustment
Rules then give the stress contour [supervIsory], exactly as in the last three lines of (143).
Let us now turn to the other examples of (140), namely, those listed in (b), (c), and (d).
Consider first the forms of (l40b).
Taking momentary as a typical example, we should It is interesting to note that Bloomfield took the phonological representation of ary in secretary to be /ejri/, thus implicitly accepting.(l42) as a phonological rule.
He is criticized for this by Kent (1934) and defended by BoIling (1934), irian exchange which is of some interest in the light of subsequent developments in phonological theory.
For discussion see Chomsky (I 964, Section 4.2, note 7). 94 For reasons discussed in note 91, we assume that the # boundary which would be expected on syntactic We thus derive *momentary, instead of momentary, as required.
Evidently, momentary and the other examples of (140b) are different in that they are not subject to condition (c) of the Main Stress Rule in the second cycle.
In these forms, when the stressed syllable +Ary is excluded from consideration under condition (c), primary stress is not placed on the strong cluster that terminates the residual string, as it is in the second column of (140a); rather, it is placed on the syllable immediately preceding this strong cluster.
The strong cluster in question is thus excluded from consideration along with the stressed syllable in this application of condition (c).
In other words this strong cluster is treated exactly like the element 1+1 discussed previously in connection with condition (c) (see p. 104).
As far as we can see, the forms that behave in this way must be marked by some diacritic feature [D] that determines the appropriate application of condition (c).
It seems that the most direct way to account for these facts is by assigning the diacritic marking [+ D] to the final vowel of the underlying lexical items of (140b), then reformulating conditions (c) and (d) of the Main Stress Rule so that syllables marked [+ D] are excluded from consideration, along with 1+1, when these conditions are applied.
We therefore restate conditions (c) and (d) of (102) as in (145): We stipulate that the prefixforming element 1+1 and the second vowel of a lexical item specification [+ D], all other units being redundantly marked [D].95 We therefore have
The feature [isonorant] distinguishes nasals, glides, and liquids from other consonants.
See note 34.
In note 56 we observed that some prefixes ending in 0 depart from the regular rule in that the final 0 is not excluded from consideration under condition (c) (e.g., galvanoscope, hyalographi, and we suggested that the finale in this case not be separated by a + boundary from the string that precedes it.
An alternative would now be to distinguish these instances of 0 from others by the feature [+ D).
This is a minor matter, and it makes little difference how it is resolved.
We can use the same device to extend our account of nouns and adjectives derived from verbs of the form...
CoVCoVCoVC o (see p. 107).
We noted that in such cases the derived form undergoes vowel reduction in the final syllable, though the underlying verb does not; and we explained this on the basis of an application of conditions (c) and (d) in the second cycle, as in the case of derivation (99) for the noun delegate (jdelogat] from the verb delegate ([del:lgAt]).
But in the case of the derived forms alternate, designate, condition (c) should place primary stress on the penultimate syllable in the second cycle, There are analogous derivations for legendary and other similar examples of the form
#X+Ary, where X is a bisyllabic noun and terminates in a sonorantconsonant cluster.
With this artifice, we now account for the examples of (140b).
Notice that we have also accounted in this way for the examples of (140c), which differ from those of (140b) only in that Ary is not added to an underlying noun.
The readjustment rule of the preceding paragraph assigns [+ D] in the second syllable of these forms as well, so that the derivations Once again we have closely analogous examples ending in Ory, Thus consider the nouns inventory, promontory, offertory, repertroy, In these words we would expect primary stress to fall on the second rather than the first syllable, as it does in refractory, trajectory, refectory, and so on, since the second syllable terminates with a strong cluster.
However, the string preceding Ory is of the form CoVCoV[+sonorant] [+consonantal], exactly as in the case of the exceptions with Ary.
Notice that the exceptions with Ory just given differ from those of (140b) in that they have no boundary before the string Ory, However the absence of a boundary has no phonetic consequences here.
It simply causes condition (d) to be applied at the point in the derivation where condition (c) applies in (146).
Otherwise the derivations will be exactly as in the second cycle of (146).
Similarly, in the case of dysentery (see note 95), with no boundary before Ary, condition (d) will apply.
But in the case of an adjective like d~sult~ry, condition (d), being restricted to nouns, is inapplicable.
We must therefore assume a formative boundary before Ory in this case to make condition (c) applicable.
Such words as dysentery and inventory provide the reason for the modification of conditions (c) and (d) noted in the last paragraph of Section 13.
The effect of this modification, restated in (145), is simply to permit [+ D] Co to appear in condition (d) so that the Stressed Syllable Rule can apply to these words even though they By a similar artifice, we can account for the fact that in the examples of (140d), since this terminates in a strong cluster.
To avoid this consequence, we can assign the feature [+D] to the second syllable so that it is excluded from consideration along with the stressed final syllable when condition (c) is applied.
In the case of alternate, assignment of [+ D) in this position would be a special case of the readjustment rule dealing with strings of the form CoVCoV [+sonorant] [~~onsonanta~].
This will not preclude the assignment of primary stress to the second syllable by condition (a), as III alternative.
Notice that sign, as in designate, does not take primary stress, as expected, under other circumstances as well; thus there is no such form as *designative (lik~ illll;trative or alternative).
The same readjustment rule explains the stress contour of dysentery from the underlying representationfdisVntAr+yf.
Incidentally, because of the extension (136)of conditions (a) and (b) oft~e Main Stress Rule the stress assignment in nouns such as promontory, dysentery would be unaffected If these nouns wererepresented without a boundary before yo There are so few relevant forms in this case that primary stress is on the initial syllable rather than on the second syllable, as we would otherwise expect.
These are apparently the only forms with more than two syllables before Ary with a final weak cluster.
We extend the readjustment rule for [D] so that it assigns
[+D] in the syllable preceding Ary in these words, this extension being entirely ad hoc.
The derivation of disciplinary has an additional cycle but is the same as (147) in its second cycle.
Under condition (c), in both cases, an extra syllable is excluded from consideration along with the following stressed syllable, and primary stress is placed by case (i) of the Main Stress Rule in the syllable preceding the weak cluster of the residue. (Note that in disciplinary we must regard pi as a weak clustersee p. 83, p. 197, and note 82.) The examples of (140) therefore appear to require a rather general readjustment rule and a slight revision of condition (c).
Apart from this they are accommodated by independently motivated rules.
The example commentary in (140b) deserves some further discussion.
Notice that in the underlying form comment, the second syllable is unreduced; whereas in legend and moment, the second syllable reduces as expected.
A further peculiarity of the underlying form is that comment has the same phonetic shape as a noun and as a verb whereas we would expect [koment] as the verb and [kament] as the noun derived from it.
Another example sharip3g this exceptional behavior of comment is triumph, which has the phonetic realization [trIA~f] both as a noun and as a verb, whereas we would expect [trI~mf] as the verb and [trlxmf ] as the noun derived from it.
The items comment and triumph clearly depart from the regular patterns, and we must enter them in the lexicon in such a way as to indicate this.
One possible analysis, which does little violence to the grammar as already constituted, is to add an extra cycle, quite artificially, to the verb in each case, and to assume that the nouns comment and triumph and the corresponding verbs are independently derived from underlying stems of a new class S.
With this artifice, we then have the following derivation for commentary: In the first cycle, the feature [+D] is introduced by the readjustment rule just discussed and primary stress is placed on the final strong cluster so that, were it not for the exceptional behavior of the verb in this case, we would have the isolated form [koment], In the second, artificially introduced cycle, condition (d) applies (or condition (c) if we take the form to derive from underlying jk<>N = meNtj) and requires us to exclude the final stressed syllable from consideration, assigning primary stress by case (ii) to the remaining monosyllable.
Thus in isolation we have the verb [kament] after the application of other familiar rules. (Notice that this application of condition (c) requires its extension to verbs, as provided in (102) and (145); if condition (d) is to be applied, then it too must be extended to verbs, a rather minor matter concerning which we have insufficient evidence to motivate a decision.)
In the next cycle the affix y causes primary stress to be shifted to the syllable preceding it.
Condition (c) then holds, requiring us to omit from consideration the final stressed syllable and the syllable marked [+D] that precedes it, and to place primary stress on the monosyllabic residue.
The Auxiliary Reduction Rule (118d) weakens the occurrence of [4 stress] to [stress] so that the Vowel Reduction Rule reduces the vowel to [~].
The Stress Adjustment Rule (63) then weakens the secondary stress on Ary to tertiary.
Rules (142), (130), and (119), along with the rule that changes [IJ] to [a], give, finally, the phonetic representation [kamonterfi].
The vowel of the syllable ment does not reduce in comment but does reduce in commentary because of the extra cycle.
Similarly, it would reduce in commentator (from There are a few other examples that do not appear to follow the general rules for items ending in ary and ory, namely, words such as medullary, centenary (both of which, incidentally, have variants with the expected initial stress).
We return to these on page 151.
We should also mention that throughout this discussion we have been assuming that the phonetic representation of Ory is [OrE] when the vowel [0] is not reduced.
Actually, in many dialects this vowel is phonetically low, as a result of phonetic rules that apply Summarizing, we have been led to modify conditions (c) and (d) slightly, reformulating them as (145), to add the marginal phonetic rule (142), and to postulate a readjustment rule that inserts the diacritic feature [+ D] in various positions, in particular, in forms with sonorantconsonant clusters in the second syllable followed by Ary or Ory (and perhaps jAtjsee note 95) and in trisyllabic forms terminating in a weak cluster followed by jAryj.
We stress that this readjustment rule is introduced ad hoc to account for what appears to be exceptional behavior.
Perhaps there is a deeper explanation of the facts that can eliminate the rule; however, even as it stands there are clear subregularities that can be exploited to account for the exceptions in a fairly simple way.
Let us now turn our attention to complex forms ending in Ory, such as the following: For the examples of the first column of (149a), we must have derivations such as In the first cycle primary stress is placed on the final strong cluster and then shifted back two s~llables3 by the Alternating Stress Rule (75).
Thus in isolation we would have the verb compen~ate.
In the second cycle the affix y places primary stress on the preceding strong cluster ill the usual way.
We turn next to condition (c).
As our rules are now formulated condit~on (c) requires us to ;:>mit fr~m consideration the final stressed syllable and to plac; st~ess ill the resid~a1 string con:pensAt.
Since the final cluster of this residual string is strong, ppmary ~tr~ss will fall on this final syllable by case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule, giving compensAtOry at this stage of the derivation.
This is incorrect, however, for American
English.
Inste~d we ,,;ant?rimary stress to be placed on the syllable pensat this point.
Clearly what IS required IS that the sequence At be omitted from consideration under condition (c), along with the sequence that follows it, precisely as in the case of condition (a).
In other words w~ must extend condition (c) exactly as we extended condition (a) in (122).
We therefore stipulate that the string At be considered part of the omitted context rather than part. ~f the ~esi~ual form, under conditions (a) and (c) (and, irrelevantly, (b) and (d)).
Combining this WIth the modification of condition (c) given as (145c) we now
We have now replace.d co~dition. (a) of (102) by (122) and condition (c) of (102) by (151).
In each case the modification assigns the string At to the omitted context.
When the rules Actually, our examples illustrating the assignment of At to the external context all involve conditilOns.(b) the element At is not treated in this way (cf. ulti po ~to. recrse sta.tement of thl~ fact requires the use of a generalization of the angled bracket notation, which we develop In Chapter Eight but have not made full use of in the body of the text.
Not on~.; /!t/ but also /fI~+At/ is treated in this way.
This accounts for the fact that we have w~rds such as Justificator~ and classifi~atory, with five syllables after the primary stress, as contrasted
With multiplicative (with [I] be~oming [i] for reasons that will be discussed in the next chapter).
It should also be mentioned that there are apparently some marginal subsidiary rules that prevent long sequences of unstressed syllables after primary stress in many cases.
Thus, on syntactic grounds we should expect the affixly, for example, to appear with a # boundary and to be neutral with respect t? str~ss placement for this reason (see p, 85).
Under certain conditions, however, the # boundary is slm?hfi~~ to +, so that I>: places s~ress by the affix rule (102a).
We thus have forms such as ordinarily, obligatorily, and, as an optiona! variant, evidently, where stress is shifted to the right by Iy regarded as a regular affix..When affixe.d to words such as satisfactory or perfunctory, however, ly does not cause stress to be shifted to the right and thus remains a neutral affix preceded by #.
The conditions for replacement o~ # by + before ly are fairly clear; the basic point seems to be that a barrier is placed against long strings of unstressed syllables following primary stress. (See also note 91, p. 134.) are given in their optimal representation (cf. (101)), the condition involving At need be stated only once.
Thus the modification of condition (c) just proposed is actually a Assuming this modification of the Main Stress Rule, we can now return to the derivation (150).
We have reached the second line of the second cycle.
Applying condition (c), modified as (151), we omit from consideration the string At+Or+y 2and use case (ii) of (102) to place primary stress on the final syllable of the residual string compens, case (i) being blocked by the final strong cluster.
The Auxiliary Reduction Rules (118b) and (118d) apply to the vowels of the first and third syllables, respectively, and these are then subject to Vowel Reduction.
By other familiar rules, we derive, finally, the phonetic representation
In a similar manner we derive the other examples of the lefthand column of (149a).
Notice that in the case of derogate, oscillate, we might postulate a tense vowel in the second syllable, just as suggested in the case of indicate, correlate (see p. 128).
The examples of the second column of (149a) are now straightforward.
Thus anticipatory will have the derivation (152), and the other examples will be quite parallel.
The first cycle is much like that of (150), and the underlying verb in isolation would be anticipAt.
In the second cycle primary stress is placed by y exactly next to condition (c), reformulated as (151).
Excluding the string AtOry from consideration, we assign primary stress in the residual string anticipby case (i), the final cluster of this string being weak.
In other words, we reassign primary stress to the syllable that contained primary stress in the first cycle, weakening all other stresses in the word by one.
The vowel [A] becomes [tense] and [stress] by the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (118d), then undergoing reduction to [~] in the usual way, and secondary stress is placed on the first syllable by the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (120c).
Other familiar rules give, finally, the phonetic representa3 Notice the parallel between the examples of (149a) and the examples of (124), with the affix ioe.
Thus demonstrative is related to generative exactly as compensatory is related to anticipatory.
The only difference between the examples with iue and those with ory is that there are no forms such as *compensatory, *anticipatory, paralleling contemplative, generative, respectively.
The reason is that the elements Ary, Ory take primary stress, at one stage of the derivation,ofby the Affix Rule, and then shift stress to the left by the Stressed
Syllable Rule (102c) (now formulated as (151)).
Syntactically iue and ory are quite parallel.
The few differences between them in their phonetic effects are, we see, simply a reflection of the difference in their underlying representations. (See also note 91.) Returning to (149), the examples of (149b) now raise no difficulties.
The derivation In the first cycle primary stress falls on the final strong cluster.
Matters then proceed exactly as before. (The Are alternation is automatic in this position, as we shall see in the next chapter.) Thus the difference in structure between the underlying verbs of (149a) and Examples such as predatory, gustatory, and migratory are derived as required We. s~ill have not given ~h; rules!o~ deri~g the phonetic representation [mlgrAt] or for deriving the variants [rOtAt], [rOtAt], and so on.
We return to this question on page 155.
Notice, however, that whether primary stress is on the first or the second syllable in such words, the derived form with ory has primary stress on the first syllable.
Thus we have migratory, oratory, rotatory, rotatory from migrate, orate, rotate, rotate, respectively.
This apparent anomaly is accounted for by the rules already given.
For example, the word rotatory is derived either from rotate or rotate by the derivations (154): In the first cycle, primary stress is assigned to the final strong cluster in both cases, and, for reasons we have not yet discussed, it is then shifted left in the lefthand derivation of (154).
The second cycle operates exactly as in the cases dealt with above, and, as we see, it gives the same final form in both cases despite the difference between them at the end of the first In this section we have been concerned with the affixes y, Ary, (At)Ory, and (At)ive and their diverse phonetic effects.
We have seen that these can be accounted for quite simply, largely on the basis of rules established independently.
The only modification of any significance in the Main Stress Rule (102) is the requirement that At be considered as part of the element omitted from consideration, along with the string that follows it, under conditions (a)(d).
This change and other minor modifications are expressed in (122) and I~ this case the ele~ent IA~I is lexicall~ part of the underlying verb, just as the stemforming elements /II, luI of componential, habitual are lexically part of the underlying forms (see pp, 12930).
Thus inflame differs from compel, for example, in that the former takes an Ataugment before the affixes Ory and ion.
However, as we have already noted (see p. 116), these augments are assigned to the exterior rather than (151), which replace conditions (a)(d) of rule (102).
At the same time, we have seen that conditions (a) and (b) can be simplified to (136).
Beyond this, we have introduced only minor modifications.
Thus we have seen how a collection of complex and superficially quite exceptional phonetic facts can be explained on the basis of a fairly simple system of rules which are, for the most part, independently motivated on other grounds.
The reader who has followed the exposition carefully will have noticed the crucial role played by the conditions on ordering determined by the relations among the successive parts of the Main Stress Rule (102).
We have relied in an essential way on the fact that condition (c) or (d) can follow (a) or (b), whereas no other sequences are allowed within a single cycle.
This is an important fact, for it provides evidence in support of the extremely We have now described most of the processes known to us that determine stress contours and related phenomena.
It may be useful at this point to reconsider briefly the general We have presupposed a syntactic component of the grammar that generates a surface structure for each utterance.
This surface structure is a string with labeled bracketing.
The string consists of lexical and grammatical formatives represented in matrix form.
Each string; then, consists of matrices with labeled bracketing, the columns of the matrices standing for segments and boundaries, the rows standing for various phonological categories.
Everything in the surface structure except the representation of the formatives is determined by the nonlexical syntactic rules.
The matrix representation of the lexical formatives is given in the lexicon as part of the entry for these formatives.
Each lexical formative has a single entry in which is represented all information relevant to the items phonetic form in various This syntactic surface structure is further modified by the readjustment rules, which, however, change only specific elements in the representation and do not affect its general character.
It is this modified surface structure that is subject to the rules of the phonological component and is converted by them into a phonetic representation.
Corresponding to each surface structure there is a phonetic representation consisting of a matrix in which columns stand for phonetic segments and rows are labeled by distinctive features provided by a universal phonetic theory.
This representation stands in a direct relationship with particular elements of the complex array of stress contours, reduced and nonreduced vowels, etc., that are found in the phonetic record.
The rules of the phonological component of a grammar apply to the surface structure representation of an utterance as modified by the readjustment rules and convert it into a phonetic representation, using the information that is present in the surface structure representation and that ultimately derives, therefore, from the lexical entries and the syntactic rules.
In a phonetic representation, each square of the matrix is filled by an entry indicating the specification of a particular unit in terms of a particular feature.
In their phonetic function, many of the feat,p,resin particular, the feature of stressare scales, and the entries are integers indicating position along these scales in a conventional way.
In the underlying lexical representation, only those specifications that are not determined by general rule are indicated.
The entry in a particular square of the lexical matrix indicates membership of the unit in question in one or another of two disjoint categories which are, furthermore, exhaustive in the domain in which membership is not determined by rule. 98 The feature composition of a particular lexical entry is not a matter of choice but rather one of fact.
In the case of the examples we have discussed so far, the facts seem to be that stress is not a category that is specified in lexical entries.
That is, lexical matrices are not distinguished from one another in terms of the categorial feature [±stress] in certain positions, as they are distinguished in terms of the categorial features [±vocalic], [±voice],
[±strident], etc.
Instead, the contours of stress and the arrangement of reduced and unreduced vowels are determined by general rule.
It is important to recognize that this conclusion would not be affected by the discovery (supposing this to be a fact, for the sake of illustration) that there is a class of items for which stress or reducibility is a category that is distinctive in their lexical entries.
The situation here is quite analogous to the more familiar and far more trivial one of regular and irregular verbs.
Monosyllabic verbs must be categorized as regular or nonregular in their lexical entries.P.
Only the nonregular verbs require further lexical Jpecification; the inflected forms of the other verbs are determined by general rule.
Among the verbs marked as nonregular, there are subgeneralizations involving rules that limit the extent of lexical specification; apart from these subregularities, each nonregular lexical entry must indicate exactly which rules do or do not apply to the item in question.
The discovery of nonregular verbs, however, does not force us to provide such additional specification for the regular verbs, in particular, the polysyllabic verbs.
Similarly, the discovery of lexical items that are irregular with respect to stress placement or vowel reduction would not, in itself, show that the mass of regular items need be specified in terms of a lexical feature of stress or reducibility.
We repeat this rather obvious point in preparation for an investigation of some cases in which s.tress might appear to be marginally distinctive on the lexical level.
We will attempt to determme whether stress is, in fact, a distinctive lexical category for any of these items or whether, alternatively, their irregularity must be marked by a different sort of categorial feature or complex of features.
But whatever the results of this investigation may be, it is important to realize that it may have no effect at all on what has been presented so far, just as an investigation of irregular verbs may have little or no effect on the rules for the regular paradigms.
In either case, investigation of exceptions to rules will affect the statement of these rules only if it leads to the discovery of still deeper regularities that replace them.
In the course of the discussion of regular cases, we have several times made note of examples that do not fall under the general rules that were developed.
One such case was on page 73, in connection with condition (b) of the Main Stress Rule (102), which determines the position of primary stress in nouns ending in a syllable with a non tense vowel.
The ~eneral rule is to omit the final syllable from consideration and then to place primary stress ill the residue by case (i) or case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule.
Typical examples are asnaragus
~rO:na, utensil, cllmax.
We also listed several examples that do not fall under this generalization, such as cement, giraffe, burlesque, Mississippi, ellipse.
The exact meaning of this rather vague remark will be discussed in Chapter Eight.
The fe~ ~onregular polysyllabic verbs can be identified by their internal structure.
There is little doubt th.at within the catego~ of monosyllables there are identifiable subcategories that need not be specified WIth re~pect t~ regularity, We have made no attempt to investigate the exact domain of the categorial
The final vowel o~ climax is imm.unefrom ~eduction because of the tense vowel of the preceding syllable.
Thu~ we find vanants such as [rer;}b]..[Arreb] for Arab. ~his minor regularity was pointed out to us by
J.
Fidelholtz, There are further conditions and complicarions which we shall not elaborate.
In the face of such apparent exceptions, there are three paths open to us: (1) giving up the general rule for stress placement in nouns with a lax vowel in the final syllable and assigning to each such noun a lexical feature determining its category with respect to the position of primary stress; (2) specifying nouns of the lax finalsyllable class as [±regular] in the lexicon and then further categorizing those that are [regular] in terms of stress placement; (3) assigning a representation in terms of segments and boundaries to each apparently nonregular noun in such a way that the correct phonetic form is predicted by Of these alternatives, the first is ruled out at once.
Condition (b) would have to be dropped from the grammar and each noun of the type to which condition (b) applied would have to have an additional feature specification in its lexical entry, thus greatly increasing the complexity of the lexicon.
Furthermore, it is important to notice that by dropping condition (b) from the grammar we do not reduce the complexity of the grammar at all.
To see this, consider the fully formalized grammar containing rule (101) (p. 109) as an abbreviation for conditions (a)(e).
Notice that to exclude condition (b) from (101) is simply to drop occurrences of angled brackets in this rule.
Under any reasonable evaluation measurein particular, that which we shall discussthe notations used in abbreviating rules do not count in determining the value of the system of rules.
These notations provide a measure of the extent to which a system of rules expresses generalizations that are, by hypothesis, linguistically significant.
The measure that we propose is in terms of number of feature specifications after certain notational transformations of a welldefined class have applied.
These notational transformations are part of the definition of simplicity, and therefore it would be senselessto count them in some way in measuring simplicity.
In short, even if the language contained no nouns of the sort we are now discussing, there would be no more highly valued grammar than the one that contains condition (b), as formulated above.
Consequently, we gain nothing in simplicity by excluding condition (b).
But we lose a great deal under the first alternative by having to complicate the lexicon, not to mention the new phonological rules needed to interpret this lexical categorization in terms The only plausible alternatives, then, are the second and third.
The second requires adding a new feature [+ regular] to the lexical entry for each regular noun.
The third alternative involves no such complication and is therefore preferable, if it can be realized.
It is, then, interesting to observe that there are certain phonological gaps which, when filled, lead to To begin with, notice that nouns such as burlesque, ellipse, cement would receive the proper stress contour by case (bii) of the Main Stress Rule if the lexical representation in each case were to terminate in a lax vowel.
In discussing lax final vowels, we noticed a certain phonological gap (see note 22).
Of the six expected lax vowel segments, we found in final position examples only for underlying Iii, lui, 101, [e}, M; there was no example to illustrate final lei.
These observations suggest that we add to the grammar a rule of The exact position of this rule in the sequence of rules will concern us later.
For the moment we note merely that it must apply after the Main Stress Rule.
We can now represent burlesque, ellipse, cement in the underlying forms IbVrleske/, jElipsej, jsEmentej, respectively.lOl Primary stress, in each case, will be placed on the penultimate vowel under condition (b) of the Main Stress Rule (102), by case (ii).
The final vowel will then be elided by rule (155).
Words such as climax, serpent, on the other hand, will be represented with no wordfinal vowel.
In this way the phonological gap in the lexicon is filled; the class of lexical items is more symmetrical in that all possibilities are realized, and we need not provide a categorial specification, with respect to stress placement, for nouns terminating in syllables containing lax vowels.
We shall see that rule (155) plays a role in explaining many other phonetic facts and is therefore quite essential to English phonology.
For the present, however, we simply observe that it allows us to make use of a phonological gap to avoid introducing a new and ad hoc lexical categorization and the new phonological rules of stress placement that would be required to interpret this ad hoc categorization in phonetic terms.
Consider now words such as Mississippi, Kentucky, confetti, abscissa, Philippa.
In each item the final vowel is lax in the underlying form (see pp. 7475).
Thus condition (b) holds, omitting the final syllable from consideration.
Case;(i) of the Main Stress Rule will apply to the residual string, giving an incorrect antepenultimate stress in each case.
To derive the correct stress contour, we must somehow block the application of case (i) so that case (ii) will assign primary stress to the final syllable of the residual string, that is, to the penultimate A simple device for blocking case (i) in each case would be to represent these words with a double consonant before the final vowel, as in conventional orthography.
Thus the lexical representations would be jmisisippij, jkVntukkij, jkVnfettij, jreb = cissrej, jfilipprej.102 This artifice accomplishes our purpose.
Case (i) is blocked because of the double consonant, and case (ii) then correctly assigns primary stress to the penultimate syllable.
We must then add to the grammar a rule of consonant simplification which we state informally Thus the word Mississippi, for example, terminating with the phonological segments j... ippi/, will receive primary stress on the penultimate syllable because of the strong cluster, and the consonant string will then simplify to [... ipi].
There is quite a bit of empirical evidence supporting the postulation of rule (156).
We noted in Section 10 that there are rules voicing the segment [s] in many positions.
One such case is rule (74), which voices [s] in the context V = V.
Thus we have intervocalic [z] in resist, resemble, design, presume; but the corresponding segment remains nonvoiced in consist, semblance, consign, consume.
Notice, however, that in assist, assemble, assign, assume, the segment [s] remains unvoiced, in apparent violation of rule (74).
This contradiction can be avoided by the assumption that the prefix in these examples is not abut rather as, so that when rule (74) applies, the representations will be [res=sist], [res= sembl], etc.
Further analysis of the prefixstem construction shows that the prefix is not asbut is rather Notice that these apparently optimal lexical representations depart in an important way from conventional orthography only in the case of cement, If cement were represented as /sEment/ , it would become
[sEment] in the phonetic representation.
This is, in fact, a dialectal variant.
The first vowel of burlesque is actually the archisegment lax vowel.
The first vowel of ellipse
102 On the interpretation of the symbol c, see notes 86 and 103. of the form aCwhere C is a consonant which assimilates to the following consonant under conditions which we describe in more detail in the next chapter.
In any event, this analysis requires postulation of a rule such as (156) to simplify the [ss] cluster that would otherwise Such pairs as potassiumgymnasium give further justification for the postulation of [ss] strings which are simplified phonetically by rule (156).
We have discussed several cases?f the tenselax vowel alternations that involve the pairs Are, Ee, Oa, etc.
As we shall see ill the next chapter, [re] is replaced by [A], [e] by [E], and [~] (which underlies [a]) by [0] in t~e context CiiV, as in gymnasium, magnesium.
A double consonant blocks this rule, as ill calcium, compendium, where the vowel given in boldface remains lax.
But in potassium the boldface vowel is lax, indicating that it is followed by a double consonant in the underlying form, which then simplifies by rule (156).
In further support of this assumption, notice that in the cases where the vowel tenses (e.g., gymnasium, magnesium, cesium), the [s] segment voices, obviously by a generalization of the rule (74) that voices [s] in intervocalic position.
But in potassium we have phonetic [s], not phonetic [z], in this ~osition, u:dicating that ~he rule voicing intervocalic [s] must somehow be blocked.
Postulation of [ss] ill the underlying phonological representation thus accounts for the fact that in t~e pho~etic form [patre.sE~m] the antepenultimate vowel is lax and the following consonant IS unvoiced, thereby eliminating two independent exceptions.
Once again, this is possible only by virtue of rule (156).
Deeper analysis of English sound structure provides still further justification for these assumptions.
Consider, for example, the words music, Pusey, Russell, russet.
The first two have intervocalic [z] following [U] in the phonetic representation; the last two have intervocalic [s] following [A] in the phonetic representation.
In fact, these configurations are characteristic.
There is no relevant case with the phonetic form [CUSVC];103 a form
[mUsak] or [pUsE], for example, would deviate from the regular sound patterns of English.
The explanation for this is provided by the rules of [A] [U] alternation that we shall discuss in detail in the next chapter.
Of relevance to our present discussion is the fact that of the two segments [A], [U], only [A] appears freely in strong clusters, as in musket, mustard.
On the other hand, the lax, high, back vowel which, as we shall see, underlies [A] in strong clusters becomes [U] in underlying weak clusters followed by vowels, as in futile, pewter, putrid, cutaneous, cupola.
In conformity with this rule, we must assume the medial cluster in Russell, russet, and so on to be [ss].
This assumption then automatically accounts for the fact that the cluster is not affected by the rule that voices the medial [s] of music, Pusey.
Once again, two independent phonetic facts follow from the postulation of [ss], namely, the voicelessvoiced opposition in the consonant and the corresponding [A] [U] opposition in the preceding syllable.
Again, this explanation presupposes that rule (156) is in the grammar.
Combining these observations with what we have discovered about eElision, we can now account for the stress pattern of otherwise exceptional forms such as Neptune, which is phonetically [neptl.In] (or, in some dialects, [neptuwn], [neptsuwn], [neptsl.In], etc., after the application of late phonetic rules that we will discuss in the next chapter).
If we were to take the underlying vowel of the second syllable to be tense, it should have primary stress, as in machine, career, etc. (See (37), p. 78.) If we were to take it to be lax, we would have the A word such as lucid is only an apparent exception.
We can derive this from the underlying representation /luc+id/, where lei (as the variant of /kl in forms that undergo Romance derivational processes) becoI?es [s] when followed by a nonlow, nonback vowel, after the intervocalic [s]voicing rule has applied, Actually, the remark in the text needs some qualification (cf. fuselage, grue+some, dOs+age, Osage,
Caruso), but it is essentially correct.
See page 228 for a somewhat more careful statement. problem of accounting for its phonetic tenseness.
We can now solve this by taking the underlying lexical representation to be Ineptunef.
Under condition (b) of the Main Stress Rule the ~~llax vowel is omitted from consideration and primary stress is placed, by case (i), on the initial sy~able of ~he residu.al string I~eptun/, the final cluster of this string being weak.
By lui of the medi~ syllable of [neptune] then becomes [U].
Rule (155) then elides the final vowel, giving [neptUn].
The Vowel Reduction Rule does not apply to the vowel of the now final syllable because of its tenseness.
Furthermore, as we have noted, the Auxiliary Reduction Rule that makes segments nontense and nonstressed does not apply to [U] (see p. 122 Notice, incidentally, that the rules determining the choice of [A] or [U] as a reflex of underlyi~~ lui provide additional justification for rule (156), quite apart from the question of [sjvoicing.
Thus, to preserve the general rule that determines the choice of [A] in a strong cluster and [U] in a weak cluster followed by a vowe{, we must represent words such as bucket, Kentucky, putty with doubled consonants that become simplified by rule (156).
With.the postul.ation of doubled consonants, just as with the postulation of final lei, we fill a gap in underlymg structures (a phonological gap) and extend the symmetry of the system of lexical entries.
Strings of consonants appear intervocalically with considerable freedom.
The restriction that they may not be doubled would be difficult to formulate within our framework.l.
It is therefore interesting that we now have good reason to assume that doubled consonants do in fact appear in underlying representations.
Notice further that obstruent clusters are, with rare exceptions, unvoiced in English.
Correspondingly, almost without exception, where a double consonant must be postulated to account for stress placement or vowel quality, this cluster either involves a sonorant or is unvoiced. 105 Hence, no~ o~y.do double.consonants fill a phonological gap in general but they do so in a way which IS m accord WIth the general rules of consonant combination in English. .
From the considerations just outlined, we conclude that rule (156) is quite well Rules (155).and (156) now. permit us to derive the phonetic representation of giraffe f~om the un~erlymg repr~sentatIOn Igirreffel (or, as far as the phonetic evidence goes,!JV~reffef).
Pnmary stress IS placed on the penultimate syllable under condition (b) of the
Mam Stress RUI~ (102), by case (ii), the strong cluster lreffl preventing case (i) from applying.
After the stress IS placed, the final lei is elided by rule (155) and the cluster is simplified by rule (156).
By rules that we discuss in detail later, Igl becomes [j] before certain vowels.
By the general Vowel Reduction Rule discussed previously, the vowel of the first syllable becomes [g].
We therefore derive, finally, the phonetic representation [jgnH].
In just the same way we can derive the phonetic forms of words such as coquette, marionette from the underlying representations IkOkette/, ImreriVnette/.
Notice that in the latter case, the final
[e] also serves to block the application of the Alternating Stress Rule (75). terms, there would be no simple way, within our framework to explain the fact that forms with phonetically doubled true consonants depart in an extreme way from the. normal phoneti~ structure of English.
We return to the problem of phonological admissibility and There are a.few marginal excep~ions: such as Passa~laquoddy, for which we must postulate the underlying :e~resentatlOn /pasVmVkw:J~dl/, With/dd/. (We diSCUSS the /kw/ string in Chapter Four, observing that It IS, perhaps, a new phonological segment /k w/. ) This word will, therefore, bean exception to the devoicing of obstruent clusters, along with exceptions such as adze, smaragd, rugby abdomen afghan anecdote These observations show one way in which a marginal phonetic opposition between stress contours may arise.
For example, a person who is given the segmental phonetic representation for the name of the Massachusetts town Assinippi would not be able to determine whether the stress contour should be Asslnippi or Assinfppi, although he would know that these are the only possibilities.
The former presupposes the underlying representation lresinipi/; the latter, the representation lresinippi/· The rule of cluster simplification accounts for several other apparent exceptions we have noted in the course of this chapter.
Consider the phonetic variants [sentonerli], [s~nt~ngrE] for centenary.
The first form derives from the underlying representation Icenten+Ar+yl in the manner described in detail in Section 15; the latter can be derived from Icentenn+Ar+YI by the same rules along with the rule of cluster simplification.
In support of the latter representation, we observe that double Inl must be postulated in centennial (fcentenn+i +relf) to account for the fact that the e ~ E rule, which should apply in the contextCiiV (see p. 47), does not apply in this case.
Similarly, we can now account for verbs such as caress, acquiesce, and adjectives such as remiss, quiescent, and so on.
We might derive caress, remiss, quiescent from the lexical representations IkVress/, IrEmiss/, Ikwiess+entl, respectively, in the familiar way, simplify10 6 ing the cluster after it plays its role in stress placement. rules (155) and (156), since an underlying final e is needed to prevent application of the Alternating Stress Rule (75).
We can derive it from lreckwiesse/, or, perhaps, lreckwiesce/, in which case the second occurrence of Icl becomes [s] before eel, in the usual way, or even from lreC=kwiesce/, by the processes mentioned on page 149.
Assuming the last as the Primary stress is placed on the penultimate syllable under condition (e) of the Main Stress Rule by case (i), the final cluster being weak. (As mentioned, the final [~] pre;rents application of the Alternating Stress Rule (75), which would incorrectly give *[rekwEes] as the final phonetic form.
The Auxiliary Reduction Rule (120b) assigns secondary stress in the first syllable, this becoming tertiary by the Stress Adjustment Rule (63).
The vowel of this syllable is barred from the re ~ A rule that applies in the context CitV (see p. 47) by virtue of the fact that it is followed by the consonant cluster [Ckw].
The vowel [i] tenses prevocalically by rule (119); the occurrence of lc] before [e] becomes [s]; the final [e] elides; and the [ss] cluster is simplified by rule (156).
Similarly, the medial cluster assimilates simplifies to [kw] by rule (156f We derive, finally, the phonetic form [rekwEes].
Words such as pellagra, candelabra also appear to be exceptions to the rules of stress
Some modifications of these representations are required by considerations developed in the next chapter. placement since the weak cluster [reCr] receives primary stress.l.
Investigating the situation more closely, we note many other cases where a weak cluster containing the vowel [re] is treate~ a~ st~ong..
Furt?e.rmore, in these cases there is apparently no contrast between [re] a~d [a] :nthin a single idiolect, This observation suggests that we Jepresent these clusters as /aCr/, with a tense vowel, and add a rule converting [a] to [re] in certain positions.
There are, as we shall see, other examples of [a][re] alternation.
This rule would enable us to account fo~ words s~ch as pellagra, Alabama, Koala, and panorama with the phonological representations /pVlagrre/, /reIVbamre/, /koalre/, /prenVramre/.
A more extensive study would undoubtedly reveal much heavier constraints on the occurrence of /30/ and /re/.
Notice, incidentally, that these observations suggest another analysis for the word giraffe, namely, as derived.Consider now wor~s such as alabaster, salamander, poetaster.
The phonetically penultunate syllable contains a strong cluster and therefore receives primary stress in the usual way.
But then st~ess is shifted back two syllables, presumably by the Alternating Stress Rule (75).
For this rule to apply, however, the primary stress must fall on the final syllable, r~ther than on the penultimate syllable.
It follows, then, that the underlying representation must be not /reIVbrestVr/ but /reIVbrestr/, etc., the final sonorant later bec~~ng syllabi: by rule (56) (p. 85).108 This decision, however, faces the difficulty that condition (b) requires the final syllables [esu], /rendr/ to be omitted from consideration when primary stress is assigned.
These syllables will therefore not be protected from vowel red~ction, never having received stress.
To avoid this consequence we may make use, once agam, of the rule converting [a] to [re].
The words in question can be represented as /~IVbastr/, /s~IVmandr/, /pnVtastr/.
Primary stress is placed on the final syllable by case (n) of the Main Stress Rule (102) under condition (e); condition (b) is now inapplicable because of the tense vowel in the final syllable.
The Alternating Stress Rule assigns primary str~ss to the an~epenultimate syllable, weakening the stress on the last syllable to secondary, ultimately, tertiary.
The final [r] then becomes syllabic, and [a] becomes [re].
The word tabernacle is now analyzed in the same way, from underlying /trebVrnakI/.
We have not yet accounted for words with tense affixes such as oid, ine, ize.
The vowels of these affixes have a tertiary stress and do not reduce; and, furthermore, these affixes sometin:es determine the placement of stress by the rules involving strong clusters.
These obs.ervatlOns suggest that tense affixes receive a primary stress before the application of the Main Stress Rule (102) so that they place stress under condition (c).109 One possibility, then, would be to add to the grammar the rule (158), which precedes the Main Stress Rule in
The w~rd allegl.o is regula~ in the pronunciation [alA.grO] but deviant in the alternative form [alegrO].
O~e might consl?er extending rule (142), which converts [A] to [e], to this context, the Ae opposition bel?g very marginal here, but there are too few examples to allow the question to be decided in an lOB S.upp~rt is provided for thi~ an~lysis.by the fact that the adjective derived from alabaster is alabastrine 109 A.s we ~hall see in the next chapte.r~ the affix oid is of the underlying form /VC/, as are the others under diSCUSSIon he:e. ~ecall that condltl~n (c) of the Main Stress Rule has now been reformulated as (151), but the mO?lficatlons are not pertinent to the examples we consider here.
Notice that many of the examples with tense affixes are verbs.
It is for this reason that we extended condition (c) to ve b We will now have typical derivations such as the following: In the case of molluscoid (similarly, arachnoid, cylindroid, salamdndroid, etc.), stress is assigned in the internal cycle in the usual way.
In the wordlevel cycle, primary stress is first assigned to the affix by rule (158).
Turning next to the Main Stress Rule, we see that conditions (a) and (b) are inapplicable because of the final tense stressed vowel, but condition (c) does apply since the final syllable of the form under consideration has primary stress.
In the case of amygdaloid, primary stress is assigned to the penultimate syllable of the residual string amygdalby case (i), since the final syllable of this string has a weak cluster.
In the case of molluscoid, primary stress is assigned to the final syllable of the residual string molluscby case (ii) since this syllable has a strong cluster.
The familiar rules of Stress Adjustment and There is, in fact, another approach that might be explored, namely, to extend the Alternating Stress Rule (75) so that it assigns stress to the immediately preceding syllable under certain circumstances, now permitting primary stress to fall on the affix in the usual way under condition (e) of the Main Stress Rule.
The approach in terms of (158) seems to us preferable, and we will postulate this as the correct rule. (See, however, pp. 23638.) The exact role of rule (158) can be brought out clearly derivations of (160), for the variant pronunciations [rokandlt], [rekondlt] for recondite: In the lefthand derivation, we analyze the adjective as containing the affix ite, which, being tense, receives primary stress by rule (158) before application of the Main Stress Rule.
Since the final syllable is now stressed, condition (c) of the Main Stress Rule is in force and stress is shifted to the preceding strong cluster by case (ii) of (102).
Other rules that we have already discussed give, finally, [rokandlt].
In the righthand derivation rule (158) does not apply since the form is not analyzed as containing an affix.
Consequently, condition (c) of rule (102) is inapplicable and only condition (e) applies, assigning primary stress to the final syllable of the word by case (ii).
At this point, the Alternating Stress Rule (75) shifts primary stress two syllables to the left. (Recall that for application of the Alternating Stress Rule, it is immaterial whether the cluster preceding the primarystressed final syllable is strong or weak.) Other familiar rules give, finally, the phonetic representation [rekondlt].
Thus the effect of rule (158) is to make condition (c) of theMain Stress Rule applicable so that primary stress is assigned The full range of possibilities allowed by rule (158) is evident from a consideration of polysyllabic words ending in ize (or ise).
If the ending is not subject to rule (158), we have derivations analogous to the righthand derivation of (160) as in the case f  e~erczs~, mer: an : a~vert~se, supervise, jeopardize, standardize, diphthongize, energize, solemnize, moder~zze, fraternize, westernize, solipsize, Since in each case primary stress falls on the.ante~enultlmate sYllab.l~ despite the strong medial cluster, it must be that final primary stress IS assI~ed under condition (e) of the Main Stress Rule and then shifted to the left by the ~~ernatmg Stress ~ule.
On the other hand, if the ending is subject to rule (158), then Co~dItIOn (~) of t~e Main Stress Rule will apply to the string preceding t».
If this residual stnn~ te~mmates ill a strong cluster, then this will receive primary stress by case (ii), as in residual strmg t~rD1illa~es ill a ~~~k cluster, t~e~ its penultimate syllable will receive primary s~ress.b Y case 51), ~s ill c~tholl(:zze, grammaticize, politicize, platitudinize, gelatinize, diplomatzz.e, dem~cratzze, anesthetize, Actually, however, in such cases with a weak cluster precedm~ Iz, It makes no difference whether rule (158) is in effect or not.
Certain words have v~nant forms, depending on whether or not rule (158) is in effect, as in the case of ,Ther~ is ano,ther ca:egory of examples with ize, illustrated by words such as skeletonzze, alphabetzze, protestantzze.
In these cases ize acts as a neutral affix and we must th f assume t a: It I~ preceded by #, like the inflectional affixes in general (see p. 85).
As we have seen, ill this case the cycle involving the affix will be vacuous.U? .
We find, in fact, several options for the ending Iz, If the form to which it is added is an illdepend~ntword, then we expect it, on syntactic grounds, to be preceded by # and to?e neutr.al WIth respect to stress?lacement.
We see, however, that the expected # boundary IS sometimes replaced by ~, as ill catholicize, democratize, gelatinize.
Where Iz is preceded by.+ rather than #, there IS th.ef~rther option of applicability of rule (158), which assigns it?nmary stress.
Rule (158) applies in the case of propagandize, enfranchise, and so on but not ill the case of exercise, jeopardize, and the other forms with antepenultimate primary stress and a. s~rong cluster in the penultimate syllable.
It appears to be the case, then, that words contaillm~ the affixIz must be specified by two ad hoc features, the first determining whether or not # IS replaced by}, the second determining whether or not rule (158) applies to Iz, Tho~gh there are certam redundancies, the examples given above suggest that these two class.Ificatory fe~tures are not e~tirely predictable.
Here, then, is an example of a range of possible phonetic forms deternuned by two partially free lexical features.
Th: ver?al affix At provides another example, though a somewhat marginal one, of the optionality of rule (158).
Among bisyllabic verbs terminating with At we have such A slight problem arises here in connection with reduction of the vowel of the neutral affix 1 S nonstressed: as ~atters now stand it i~ subject to the AUxiliary Reduction Rule (1I8c), whi~h :::~~~ ~~ lax and sU~Jects I~ to the Vowel Reduction Rule.
We can exclude it from the domain of (118)by modifying that ~Ie slightly In one of two ways: we can add the requirement that y is stronger than minus or we can restnct the segment marked [ystress] to the context [WE] __ in various ways In eithe: case, it s~ould be noted that the vowels of ~eutral affixes iing; to vowel red~ctlOn even If lax, and the formulation of the process of reduction must somehow tak .
In the case of t~e word proselytize; the affix Iz is neutral with respect to stress, but leads to the red~~tlo~ of the penultJm~te vowel, although with ism, ist, it seems that there is no reduction in this POSltIO~ In general.
According to our rules, the penultimate vowel should not reduce.
Thus the Auxiliary ~:~ctlon Rule (118) must be complicated slightly to permit reduction of this vowel where it does take .
Notice also that in a.word.such as systematize, where the affixIz is preceded by At, the segment At~z IS excluded f:om c~nsld:ratlOn as a whole when the Stressed Syllable Rule (condition (c) of the stress variants as locatelocate.
We can derive the formerfrom the representation II0cAti and the latter from the representation IIOc+At/.
Rule (158) will be inapplicable in the first form, which will therefore receive primary stress under condition (e) of the Main Stress Rille by case (ii).
Rule (158) will, however, apply automatically to the representation IlOc+At/, assigning primary stress in the final syllable; under condition (c) of the Main Stress Rule, case (ii) will then assign primary stress to the first syllable, giving [IOc+At].
We then proceed, by the usual rules, to derive the phonetic representations [IOkAt], [IOkAt], respectively.
The presence or absence of the + boundary is not otherwise motivated, however; it therefore plays the role of a classificatory feature in the lexicon, determining, in effect, whether or not rule (158) applies.
If a bisyllabic fonn in At has only the variant with initial stress, it will appear in the lexicon only with the + boundary (e.g., vacate, IvAc+Atf); if such a form has only the variant with final stress, it will appear in the lexicon only without the + boundary (e.g., create, IcreAtf).
To some extent such an analysis is independently motivated, as in the case of vacate create; but in part it is an arbitrary lexical classification, imposed so as to determine the phonetic fonn correctly and for this reason alone.
The same property can be observed in the case of trisyllabic verbs ending in At.
Thus illustrate from the phonological representation lilustrAt/, primary stress being assigned to the final syllable by case (ii) of the Main Stress Rille under condition (e) and then shifted two syllables to the left by the Alternating Stress Rule.
The fonn illustrate, on the other hand, will be derived from the phonological representation lilustr+At/.
In this case, rule (158) applies to assign primary stress to the affix.
The stress is then shifted to the preceding strong cluster by case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule under condition (c).
Again, the presence or absence of + boundary before At in these polysyllabic forms is largely unmotivated on independent grounds and therefore functions as a classificatory principle in the lexicon.
Notice that, as with forms in Iz, where the penultimate syllable has a weak cluster (for example, in the verbs animate, extrapolate), there is no way to determine whether or not a + boundary appears before At; either decision will lead to the same phonetic form, This framework suffices to resolve most of the problems that arise in connection with final syllables with tense vowels.
There are still a few minor points to be made, however.
Consider words such as adjective, infinitive.
These have several peculiarities that require discussion.
First, note that in the derived forms we have adjectival, infinitival, with tense primarystressed [I].
This indicates that the underlying vowel of the final syllable must be tense III rather than lax Iii; otherwise there is no way to account for the position of primary stress.
Furthermore, the stress contour of adjective is sufficient to show that in any event the final iue of the underlying forms cannot be identified with the affix of collectsice, prospeatstoe, detect+ive or the final syllable of invective.
In fact, primary stress can fall on the antepenultimate syllable of adjective only by an application of the Alternating Stress Rule to the form adjective; and the latter form can arise only from case (e) of the Main Stress Rule, the form being analyzed as a stem with a tense vowel in the final syllable.
These observations show that the underlying forms must be adject/v, infinitlo, and the grammar must contain the
Main Stress Rule) IS applIed, In accordance with formulation (151).
The form adject/v now receives primary stress on the final syllable under condition (e), case (ii), of the Main Stress Rule (102), and the phonetic form [~jaktiv] results from the Alternating Stress Rule (75), the Stress Adjustment and Vowel Reduction Rules, and rule (161).
The form adjectival is derived in a second cycle in the usual way, rule (161) being inapplicable in Rule (161) is actually of somewhat greater generality, for the affixes ile and ine are sUbje~t to a similar process.
Thus we find variant pronunciations for single words (e.g., juoenllejtuienil, Byzantlni Byzdntin, in some dialects); or, within a single dialect, forms such as quartll in contrast to [hdstol] (hostile); or such dialectal variants as British hostll and American [hastol]; etc.
Additional rules must be stated, depending on the facts of dialect and style, to account for the EI, En variants of these affixes (e.g., mercantlil, ByzantEn).
Let us now turn to another matter.
Primary stress tends to be shifted to the right in successive cycles, both within the word, as new affixes are taken into account, and within the phrase, by successive applications of the Nuclear Stress Rule.
However, we have come across three processes that shift primary stress to the left: the Compound Rule (67) of Section 9, conditions (c) and (d) of the Main Stress Rule (102), and the Alternating Stress Rule (75).
Of these, only the latter two operate within the word.
All three processes are subject to The exceptions to the Compound Rule are of various sorts.
There is considerable dialectal variation in connection with the placement of primary stress in items such as chocolate cake, apple pie, and many others.
There are also widely maintained but syntactically unmotivated contrasts such as Fifth Avenue, with nuclear stress on the second element versus Fifth Street, with compound stress on the first element.
Furthermore, proper nouns (e.g., John Smith, John Paul Jones) and names with titles (President X, Senator Y, etc.) typically have the nuclear stress of phrases rather than the initial stress of compounds, as do also such nounnoun constructions as stone floor and iron box.
Many examples of such contrasts have been mentioned in the literature, in one connection or another, although there is, to our knowledge, no general treatment of the question,.
The fact that a phrase is not subject to the Compound Rule might be formally indicated in various ways: for example, by a feature specification of the boundary between the constituents, in which case the rule can be limited to boundaries not containing this feature.
This, obviously, does not solve the general problem, but serves only to eliminate it from the domain of phonology.
The problem remains of determining under what syntactic conditions this feature is or is not present.
Alternatively, we might provide for an ad hoc deletion of the node N dominating such compounds.
In fact, the general problem certainly belongs in part to syntax, in part to the readjustment component, rather than to phonology proper, and it can be clarified and resolved only by an investigation of the conditions, syntactic and other, under which the Compound Rule is applicable.
For this reason, we will make no attempt to go more deeply into the question here.
We have throughout been limiting ourselves arbitrarily to problems of phonological interpretation, and are making no attempt in the present study to investigate the processes by which the syntactic component of the grammar forms the surface structures that are phonetically interpreted by the rules we have been discussing here.
Because of this limitation of scope, we will simply leave this question in its present unsatisfactory state.
Conditions (c) and (d) of the Main Stress Rule (102) and the Alternating Stress Rule (75) also have certain exceptions, as we have noted in the course of the exposition.
Consider A serious and extensive investigation of phrases that fall under the Compound Rule and their syntactic first conditions (c) and (d), which we have been calling the Stressed Syllable Rule.
One of the many roles of this aspect of the Main Stress Rule is to shift the final primary stress of bisyllabic prefixstem verbs to the initial syllable in the related nouns (see Section 11).
Thus we have the nounverb pairs permitpermit, surveysurvey, and so on.
There are, however, certain nouns of this form that do not undergo stress placement under condition (c) or (d) in the second cycle and retain stress on the second syllable.
To some extent these exceptions are systematic; for example, nouns with the prefix de(e.g., demand, delay, desire, decay, defeat, despair) fall into this class quite generally.P.
Such items must be lexically marked in a way that prevents condition (c) or (d) from applying to them in the second cycle.
Within the present range of our formal means, we can represent lexical items that are not subject to the Stressed Syllable Rule with a special internal boundary or with a final lei.
The latter would have no effect on the first cycle but would block this rule on the second cycle, after which the eElision Rule (155) would eliminate the final vowel.
Where there are subregularities among the exceptions, as in the case of the prefix de, we can specify the boundary or add the final lei by a readjustment rule.
A different method for expressing the fact that a certain class of items is excepted from a rule will be discussed in the next chapter.
Formalism apart, any such device simply adds a new classification of lexical items, a classification analogous to the Consider now the Alternating Stress Rule (75).
This places primary stress in the context CoVCoVCo, reducing the final stress to secondary.
We have made note of certain exceptions to this rule, such as Tennessee, attache, chandelier, kangaroo, chimpanzee, all of which retain primary stress in the final syllable.
Evidently, these items must be exempted from the Alternating Stress Rule by some sort of lexical classification.
Again, there are several mechanisms by which such a classification can be expressed, and, without an exhaustive analysis of cases, it is not clear which is optimal.
We have already observed that the Alternating Stress Rule does not apply if the final syllable is preceded by or contains a = boundary (see pp. 9596).
We might, then, insert this boundary before the final VC o sequence of these forms.
This seems an appropriate device insofar as exemption from the Alternating Stress Rule is associated with certain specific endings, such as 00, ee, eer, ier, e, esey3 Such affixes can be supplied with a preceding = boundary as part of their feature composition; or, if the association is sufficiently general, the boundary can be inserted by a readjustment rule.P An alternative would be to provide the items that are exempt from If we take words such as decoy and the optional variant detail to be derived from the corresponding verbs, then to preserve this generalization these forms must be represented phonologically without =, that is, 113 Notice, incidentally, that forms such as Japanese and Siamese are correctly derived in the second cycle from Japan, Siam, by rules (158), (117), (118b), (120b), and (121).
The underying representations are presumably fjrepfm{, {siam{, the rule of iire alternation discussed on page 152 applying when these forms are in isolation.
The appearance of [II in [sIrem]is normal, as we shall see in the next chapter. 114 If the affixes in question here are assigned a = boundary, they will be exempt from rule (158) and will receive primary stress under condition (e) of the Main Stress Rule.
If they are supplied with a final [e], to be elided later on, they will be assigned primary stress under condition (b).
In either case, both the Stressed Syllable and Alternating Stress Rules will be inapplicable.
If, on the other hand, an affix that retains primary stress is assigned this stress prior to the Main Stress Rulefor example, by rule (158)then it cannot have been assigned = or final le].
It must, then, be lexically specified as exempt not only from the Alternating Stress Rul~ (if the form to which it is affixed contains two or more syllables), but also from the Stressed Syllable Rule, that is, from conditions (c) and (d) of the Main Stress Rule.
There are other examples that are excepted from the Alternating Stress Rule beyond those that have characteristic endings such as those cited.
For example, the word Alexander, as contrasted with salamander, does not undergo this rule.
We might express this fact by entering Alexander in the lexicon rule (75) with a final lei (to be elided by rule (155)), either as part of each lexical entry or, if the class of exceptions under consideration is specifiable, by rule.
This would be necessary for nouns in esque and ette, for example, as this is the only way in which primary stress can be placed on these syllables.
A third possibility, which we discuss in the next chapter, is to use a general device for specifying exceptions to rules.
In any event, it is fairly clear, details aside, how to deal with these marginal contrasts within the lexicon.
Verbs ending in ute have certain properties that deserve special mention.
Consider first the verb constitute, with the derived form constitutive.
A natural phonological representation would be IbN = stitUt/.
This will give the phonetic representation [k~nstatUt] in the usual way.
But now consider the derived form constitutive.11s As our rules now stand, primary stress should be shifted from the first syllable (which is the sonority peak at the end of the first cycle) to the strong cluster immediately preceding ioe, by case (ii) of the Main Stress Rule (102) under condition (a).
But this is incorrect.
Apparently, the ending Ut, like At, must be considered part of the string omitted from consideration under condition (a) rather than part of the residual string, and we must generalize the formulation of condition (a) in (122)
(and of (c) in (145)) to permit this.
With this modification, the string omitted from consideration under condition (a) in the second cycle is Ut+iv, and the residual string is k~N=stit.
Case (i) of the rule is blocked by the = boundary, and case (ii) shifts primary stress to the second syllable.
The representation [konstitl.Itav] is then derived in the usual manner.
In just the same way we can derive forms such as consecutive, executeexecutive, and so on.
The word execute, for example, might receive the phonological representation with the representation /reIVksrendre/, with a final le/.
Primary stress will be placed on the penultimate strong cluster under condition (b), and the final le] will be elided by rule (155) after blocking application of th~ Alternating Stress Rule.
In final position; the postconsonantal [r] becomes syllabic (see p. 85); if there IS another cycle, as in Alexandrian, it remains nonsyllabic before the following vowel.
Several of the words that are exceptions to the Alternating Stress Rule are exceptional in other ways as well.
For example, chimpanzee is in conflict with the Vowel Reduction Rule in that its medial vowel does not reduce.
If we were to attempt to extend coverage to borrowed words and proper nouns more fully, the number of exceptions to be listed in the lexicon would, of course, mount considerably.
Notice, however, that this extension of the lexicon would not affect the system of rules or lexical entries 115 Recall that the # boundary is generally optional before ive (see p. 129).
If it were present in this case 116 The resulting [ss] sequence is simplified by rule (156).
Notice that the modification of the prefix /eks/ to [ek] before stems beginning in [s] provides an additional reason for incorporating the Cluster Simplification Rule (156) in the grammar.
Notice also that in executive the [ks] cluster voices, although it remains unvoiced in exceed, excite, etc.
This matter will be discussed in the next chapter.
An argument might be made for extracting the morpheme /sEk w/ (see note 105) of sequence, consequence from words such as consecutive and execute.
Thus we might enter these words with the early rule would convert /kw+At/ to /kUt/.
The derivations would then proceed in the usual way.
In the same manner, we could account for the relations between locution, elocution, loquacious, interlocutor, This analysis can be extended to the word constitute, which can be derived from the representation /c:>N=stitu+At/.
The rule converting /kw+At/ to /Ut/ can be extended to /tu+At/.
In favor of this proposal is the fact that it would account automatically for the derived form constituent, A further advantage of the analysis suggested here is that it dovetails properly with the analysis of [U] presented in Chapter Four.
As we will see there, [U] does not appear in the context C # in phonological representations.
A verb such as attribute (see (162» may be a unique, lexically marked Consider now the somewhat different form attribute, with the derived nominalized form attribute.
We have, for the latter, the derivation (162): In the first cycle, primary stress is first placed on the tense affix by rule (158).
Under condition (c), it is then shifted back one syllable by case (ii), case (i) being inapplicable be~ause of the boundary separating the prefix from the stem.
In isolation, then, we would denve the verb attrtb~te after the Stress Adjustment Rille (63).11 7 In the second cycle, condition (c) entitles us to omit the string trtbUt from consideration.
Note that the = boundary after the prefix in the first cycle.
The residual string is now simply lreC= I, and this receives its primary stress under condition (c).
The Auxiliary Reduction Rille (118) and the Vowel Reduction Rule (121) reduce the vowel of the medial syllable, and the Stress Adjustme!nt R~le, along with the rules of assimilation and simplification of clusters, gives the form [setrahUt].
Our rilles therefore account for the verb attribute and the noun dttribute on the assumption that they are related in the same way as the verb delegate and the noun delegate, or, for that matter, the verb convert and the noun convert.
Once again, it is by no means obvious, on superficial examination of the phonetic facts, that these pairs are lexically rel~ted in exactly the same way.
It is therefore interesting to discover that an independently motivated system of rules does account for the phonetic forms of lexically related items.
A similar pattern of explanation can be used to account for the wellknown fact that stress is shifted to the left in words such as referent, confident, resident, excellent, pertinent, deferent, reverent, which derive from underlying verbs with primary stress on the second syllable.
In contrast, we have forms such as dependent, repellent, inherent, abhorrent, insistent, recurrent, in which the stress remains on the stress peak of the underlying verb.
The s:cond class is the more productive; members of the first class in many cases have a less simple semantic relation to the form that underlies them.
This suggests that we distinguish these classes in terms of the presence or absence of the # boundary before the affix ent, If this is freely added, by a syntactic process, we have forms such as Ide= pend# ent/, Ire=pel#ent/; if, on the other hand, the component formatives are more closely amalgamated and the. # boundary is weakened to +, we have [re= ferlent], [caN =fId+ent], etc.
In the productive class that retains #, the affix is neutral with respect to stress placement (see p. 85), and the stress contour of the underlying form remains in the derived word.
Where # is weakened! to +, we still derive forms with stress on the final syllable in the first cycle (e.g., [refer], [c:>n=fldD, but in the second cycle the stressed syllable followed by ent is omitted from Recall that the vowel [U] is immune to laxing by the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (118) and, con~equentI.Y does not reduce (see p. 122).
Notice that the proposal of the preceding footnote would explain the difference in the position of stress in attribute, on the one hand, and.execli~e, c.onstitlite,?n the o~her, by the fact that there is no independent formative /tribu/ (though there IS motivation for /stItu/ by virtue of the form constituent, and for /sEk w/ as noted above) and that there is no?honological segment /bw/.analogous to /k w/.
Thus there is no basis for analyzing attribute as /reC=tnbu+At/ and then dropping the + consideration under condition (c) (inclusion of the extra syllable ent in this omitted string being permitted because of the = boundary between the prefix and the stem), and stress is placed on the residual string.
This gives [re= ferlent], [c<>N = fldlent], etc.
By the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (1l8d), the vowel of the medial syllable becomes nontense and nonstressed, so that it reduces to [aJ by the Vowel Reduction Rule.
In this way the phonetic In precisely the same way, we can account for the position of primary stress in words such as admirable, irrevocable, reparable, comparable, preferable, reputable, as opposed to removable, enjoyable, etc.
The elements of the second class will either retain the # boundary before the freely added affix able or, as in the case of allowable, employable, they will contain no internal = boundary, so that condition (c) is inapplicable in the second cycle.
Such words as admirable, irrevocable will be derived exactly along the lines of referent, confidentP.
A few items will require ad hoc adjustments, but many fall directly into place under this analysis.
Once again, it would be expected, and appears very largely to be the case, that the examples without # are the more ossifiedforms that have been reanalyzed, in effect, as single Notice that examples such as attribute, confident, preferable require that the extra syllable permitted in the Stressed Syllable Rule be contingent on the presence of a boundary with the feature [FBJ, not simply the boundary [+ WBJ (see note 57).
Forms derived from words ending in ent are more of a problem.
Thus consider the wo{dspresidency, militancy, Our rules would predict the phonetic forms [prazldansEJ and [milotensli], respectively, analogous to advisory, orthodoxy (see Section 15).The simplest way to avoid this problem and to produce the correct phonetic output is to extend rules (I22) and Other vowel alternations that ~e observed in these forms (e.g., Ee, as in referreferem, and :rO, as in confideconfidem, are automatic, as we shall see in the next chapter. 119 The affi~ :able seems to p~se. a unique problem because of the following facts.
Forms such as ability, preferability, etc., seem to indicate that the form is bisyllabic in its underlying representation, i.e., /Abil/.
But the.r0~ms ably, preferably apparently require that the underlying form be monosyllabic, namely, /Abl/.
Similarly, we presuppose a monosyllabic analysis in the interpretation of stress placement in words such a~ preferable, admirable; if the form is bisyllabic, condition (c) will not hold.
However, as J.
Ross has ~Olnted o.u~ ~o us, the point a~ ~ssue does not involve only able but also forms such as noblynobility, posszbl!posszbzlzty, humblyhu!ulzty; and the problem can be solved by accepting the monosyllabic analysis as /Abl/ and postulating a rule that converts [Blity] to [Bility], where B is a labial consonant.
Th~s preferability derives from /preferabt]ity/, nobility from /nobl+ity/, humility from /huml+ity/.
To?enve [hAmb~I],w~ make use of an obvious rule of epenthesis.
The [A][U] alternation of humblyhumility IS now expl.a1Oed 10 the.normal way, as developed in the next chapter.
Since able is phonologically monosyllabic, the analysis of stress placement proceeds in the intended way. 120 Deletion of # is to be expected as a word is intuitively reanalyzed from a syntactically generated member of ~ pr?ductive class to. a derived elem:nt?ased on independent formatives that merge to form a single lexical Item, the semantic content of which IS no longer completely predictable by general rules from that of l.ts part~.
A similar phenomenon ca~ be observed ~bove the word level.
Thus a noun phrase such as mam##land can be reanalyzed as a single noun main##lillld, and may even lose word boundaries completely~ becoming mainland, with a reduced vowel in the second syllable.
Similarly, a phrase such as old##mazd or Long##Island may be reanalyzed as a single word old+maid, Long+island, in which case the secondary stress on the first element (assigned by the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (120» is reduced old##maid (maid who is not young); Long Island (the place name) contrasting with l;ng :sland The ~roblem of semantic ~epresentation in the lexicon for forms such as these, which preserve their underlying structure only partially and in an unsystematic way, is far from settled.
But it seems clear that any solution must meet the conditions that we require here to explain the phonetic form. (151) so that the affix ent (along with At and oUt) is omitted from consideration under condition (a), along with an affixthat follows it.
This modification produces the desire~ ~ffects.l~l Thus, in the final cycle, the string which acts as stresspl:cing affix under c~ndltIOn (a) IS not y but ent+y and ant+y, so that we derive [pre e sldlentjy] and [milit+ant+yJ, the former becoming [pr~ = sId jent+yJ under condition (c) (lent + yf being monosyllabic), and the final phonetic forms then resulting in the familiar way..
Notice that alongside of the ency and ancy forms, and often m free variation WIth them, we have ence and ance forms such as residence, confidence, tolerance.
These forms are perfectly parallel to the ency, ancy forms in their behavior.
W~at we clearly need, for the~e cases, is a nounforming affix that will cause [tJ to become [sJ, Just as y does, but that will differ from y in that it is deleted after having had its effects on stress placement and consonant alternation.
The t + s alternation is one of several that take place before nonlow front vowels and glides in certain positions, in particular, before [iJ or [yJ and [eJ.
Since we already have an eElision Rule (namely, rule (ISS)), it seems. obvious that.the fina~ affixin ~he ence forms must be the glide which is related to /e/ as /y/ IS related to /1/, that IS, the glide with the features nonhigh, nonlow, nonback.
Let us designate it as /8/.
Then residence, tolerance will be represented /rE=sId+ent+e/, /tIVr+rent+e/ 12 2 in the lexicon.
The glide /e/ will have precisely the same effects as /y/ with respect to stress placement and consonant alternations, and will then be deleted by a simplified version of the eElision Rule (155) which omits reference to the feature [+vocalicJ.
In Section 14we showed that the distinction in patterns of stress and reduced vowels between forms such as relaxation, deportation, condensation, with unreduced 4stressed vowels in the second syllable, and demonstration, information, compensation, etc., with reduced minusstressed vowels in the analogous position, is directly determined by their syntactic structure.
Matters are not always this straightforward, however, and the ation forms of certain bisyllabic verbs undergo anomalous derivations.
Consider, for example, the the normal way itota present.
The second must be derived without a first cyclefor the underlying verb, or with an artificial analysis [N [vpresent+At]v ion]N.12 3 T~e sa.me artificiality is necessary for a word such as transformation, which, even as a nommalized verb, has a reduced vowel in the second syllable instead of the expected 4stressed nonreduced vowel.
In each such case an ad hoc lexical analysis must be given for the underlying forms, specifying that they undergo the necessary reanalysis before the application of the phonological rules.
Other apparent exceptions are forms such as modern, honest, haggard, mentioned above in the discussion of adjectives.
Our rules predict that final stress should fall on the final syllable in these examples.
We can provide the correct phonetic fo:m only by anal~z~ng these elements as modsern, hansest, haggsard, so that stress is assigned under condition (a) to the penultimate syllable, instead of under condition (e) to the vowel of the final strong cluster.
There is some justification for this (d. mode, Western, honor, laglaggard, etc.), but Notice that the question can be regarded as one of where to assign the diacritic feature [+ D] discussed on page 138, once conditions (a) and (c) have been amalgamated as indicated on page 142.
As we noted there, [+ D] is quite generally assigned to the vowel of a vowelsonorantconsonant cluster such as 122 Notice that verbs in At delete the ending At before the affix ent or ant, 123 As we shall see in the next chapter, the choice of [E] or [e] in the first syllable of presentation is determined by the stress on the following vowel, by a rule of great generality. in some cases the an~~sis is ad hoc.
A more serious exception is the adjective perfect.
In this case, not only the position of primary stress is contrary to rule but the reduction of the vowel ~t~oU~h we have not yet exhausted the material, we have reached the point where no further insight mto stress contours and vowel reduction can be achieved from application of the rules an~ phonological principles that we have so far been able to discover and formulate.
There are still many ~xamples. that. resist analysis and that must, so far as we can see, be treated by ad hoc lexical classification and special rules.
So far as we can determine.th xamp es ave ~o earmg on what we have presented so far; but one must keep in mind the fact tha: they.nn~ht turn out to be relevant, if it can be shown that deeper generalizations or alternative principles can account for the remaining problems only by revising the a I .
Within the framework of this book, there would be no point in our going on to?resent ad ~oc analyses of particular examples.
As we stated in the Preface, we are interested m a~ an~l~sls of the facts of English insofar as this analysis serves to reveal general principles of linguistic.structure.
Thus we have been concerned with details of stress contour and vowel reduc~lOn because of the way they bear on such general notions as the principle of the transformatlOnal. cycle.
We are not, in this book, interested in these details for their own sake.
We have ~e~ to show that quite a variety of phenomena can be explained on the basis of the gener~lprmclples of phonological structure that we have been developing in the course of the e~po.sltlOn. ~sofar as t~is attempt is successful, it provides empirical justification for these principles, Since the residue of unexplained phenomena do not so far as we ear on ese pnncip es one way or the other, we deal with them no further here.
We mi~t accoun~ :or the position of primary stress by deriving the adjective from the under! verb perfect, in the familiar way, but this would still leave unexplained the vowel reduction in the finar:Y~lable.
We have seen in the preceding chapter how a variety of stress contours and a complex interplay of stress level and vowel reduction are determined by a small number of transformational rules that apply in a cyclical manner, beginning with the smallest constituents of the surface structure and proceeding systematically to larger and larger constituents.
In this chapter we turn our attention to the phonological rules that do not reapply in this cyclic fashion.
Among these, the ones that concern us most directly are the rules of We have been assuming that each terminal string that enters the phonological component is uniquely and exhaustively analyzed as a sequence of words, and that each of these words is a constituent of the surface structure.
Thus the surface structure specifies that each word constitutes a stage of the transformational cycle.
By a word, we mean an element of the form # #... # #, where... contains no occurrence of # #. (See Chapter Eight, Section 6.2, for a more careful formulation.) A rule restricted in application to contexts meeting this condition is what we call a rule of word phonology.
Evidently, such rules will not reapply at successive stages of the transformational cycle, even if interspersed freely among The surface structure that enters the phonological component is determined by three factors: syntactic rules, lexical representations, and readjustment rules.
The syntactic rules generate a syntactic surface structure of strings of grammatical and lexical formatives, the latter appearing in what we have called lexical representation.
The readjustment rules, which provide a link between syntax and phonology, may slightly modify the syntactically generated surface structure, and they will, furthermore, convert the string of formatives into what we have called phonological representation, introducing various modifications into the lexical representations and eliminating grammatical formatives in favor of phonological matrices, in the manner discussed briefly in Chapter One, Section 5.1.
In this chapter the distinction between lexical and phonological representation will not be too crucial, although the conceptual distinction should be borne in mind to prevent confusion.
We will be concerned in this discussion with orily one aspect of the readjustment rules, namely, with their effect on lexical representations of lexical items, particularly in connection with the matter of redundancy.
Thos~ readjustment rules which have the effect of restricting the class of possible lexical entries by eliminating certain possibilities we shall sometimes designate as lexical redundancy rules.
We return to the discussion of readjustment rules in Chapter The phonological component accepts as input a structurally analyzed string.
As output it provides the phonetic representation of this string.
The phonetic representation consists of a sequence of phonetic segments, each of which is nothing other than a set of phonetic feature specifications.
A phonetic feature specification consists of a phonetic scale (called a phonetic feature) and an integer indicating the position of the phonetic segment in question along this scale.
The phonetic scales form a predetermined universal set, namely, the (phonetic) distinctive features.
Thus a particular segment might be marked as noncontinuant (i.e., minus with respect to the phonetic feature continuant ), highly aspirated, nonvoiced, etc.
In short, a phonetic representation is a phonetic matrix in which the columns correspond to segments and the rows to features and in which each entry states the extent to which a given segment possesses the corresponding feature.
We will discuss the phonetic distinctive features in more detail in Chapter Seven.
Here we merely emphasize that they must be determined absolutely, within general linguistic theory, and independently of the grammar of any particular language.
Let us now consider the structurally analyzed string that the phonological component takes as input.
Its minimal elements are formatives.
These formatives are provided originally by the lexicon, which forms one part of the syntactic component of the grammar.
They may then undergo slight modification by the readjustment rules.
In the lexicon, each formative must be represented in such a way as to determine precisely how the rules of the phonological component will operate on it, in each context in which it may appear.
Thus the representation of a formative must be sufficiently rich so as to specify the corresponding phonetic matrix in each environment, given the phonological rules and the structural analysis of the string.
As we noted in Chapter One, each formative falls into many categories; in fact, each formative can be regarded as being constituted simply by a certain set of categories.
For example, the formative inn belongs to the syntactic categories noun, common, nonanimate, count, etc.; to certain semantic categories which specify its meaning; and to the phonological categories initialvocalic, initialnontense, secondconsonantal, secondnasal, etc.
The lexical entry inn is simply the complex of these categories, and the terminal symbol inn in the terminal stringthe+man+stop+past+ at+the+inn (underlying the man stopped at the inn) is nothing other than the complex It is clear that many of the phonological categories can be represented in a natural way in terms of a phonological matrix, in which the rows are associated with features such as nasality and tenseness and the columns are called phonological segments.
Thus, assignment of the morpheme inn to the categories initialvocalic and initialnontense can be indicated by entering + in the first column in the row labeled vocalic and in the first column in the row labeled tense; its assignment to the category Often we restrict ourselves to two positions along a phonetic scale, in which case we may use the symbols + and instead of integers to indicate phonetic values.
We emphasize that the value in a phonetic specification is not an absolute physical property but is relative to the context of phonetic segments. (See Chapter Seven for further discussion.) Thus, the phonetic distinctive features are absolute in one sense, namely, they are universals, independent of any particular language and providing the basis for phonetic representation in every language; and they are relative in another, namely, the actual physical event represented will depend on the integral value of the phonetic specification, interpreted relative to the context in which the given segment occurs.
Criticism of distinctive feature theory has occasionally confused these two entirely different notions of absoluteness.  secondnasal can be indicated by entering + in the second column in the row associated with nasality, and so on.
Details aside, it is clear that this is an appropriate means for presenting much of the categorial composition (the assignment to categories) of a complex symbol representing a formative, and it is reasonable, therefore, to propose that a lexical entry will, in general, consist of a phonological matrix of the kind just described, along with a set of other categories (syntactic, semantic, and phonological) to which the morpheme given by this lexical entry belongs.
To a first approximation, then, we may think of this phonological matrix as the lexical representation, abstracting away from possible effects of The distinction between the phonological and phonetic matrices must be kept clearly in mind.
In the case of the phonetic matrix, each row corresponds to a phonetic feature, physically defined, from a predetermined initial set.
The entry occupying a particular square of the matrix will be an integer specifyingthe degree to which the segment in question is characterized by the corresponding property.
In the case of the phonological matrix, each square represents simply a pair of opposed categories, to at most one of which the formative in question may belong.
A + in this square indicates membership of the formative in one of these categories; a , membership in the other, complementary category; a indicates simply that no information is given for the formative in question concerning membership in these two categories.
Thus the second column of the phonological matrix for inn would contain a + in the square associated with the feature nasal, a in the row associated with the feature vocalic, and a in the row associated with the feature tense.
This is a way of representing the fact that in the lexicon inn is assigned to the two categories secondnasal, secondnonvocalic, but is not assigned to either of the categories secondtense or secondnontense.
It is unnecessary for the tenseness of the nasal consonant in inn to be indicated in the lexicon since this information is redundantit is provided by a general rule and is not an idiosyncratic property of the particular formative in question.
It is this fact that is indicated by the zero entry in the phonological matrix.
We will return later (Chapter Eight, Section 8, and Chapter Nine) to a more careful consideration of redundant information and how it is supplied.
For the time being, we will continue to use the entry 0, along with + and , as an expository device.
The categories of the phonological matrix for some formative may correspond in part to the feature specifications of the corresponding phonetic matrix, but this need not be the case in general.
To illustrate some of the possibilities that may arise, let us consider in a bit more detail the phonological and phonetic matrices for the formative inn (in the context the man stopped at the) and the formative algebra (in he likes).
The phonetic
By giving the entry 2 for the vowel of inn, we indicate that its degree of nasalization is partial.
For a discussion of the physical correlates of the phonetic features, see Chapter Seven.
Recalling now that the lexicon specifies only idiosyncratic features of lexical entries, omitting all those that can be determined by general rules, we might propose the following as the There are general r~les t.hat ~onvert the representations of (2) into those of (1); consequently, the.red~ndantspecificatI~ns m (1) need not appear in the lexical entries themselves.
A segment which IS not fully specified may be called an archisegment.
Phonological matrices typically c~nsist o.f ar~hisegments.
Thus, an important difference between phonological and phonetic matnces IS that the latter are fully specified while the former are not.
In fact one major function of the phonological rules is to extend phonological matrices to full phoneti~ matrices.
Notice that (2a) is a proper submatrix of (1a) and that (2b) is a proper submatrix of (1b).
Thus, the only function of the phonological rules as so far discussed is to .
S~ppo~e ~hat a. certain f~rmative meets the following condition: the phonological matrix grven in ItS lexical entry IS a submatrix of the phonetic matrix corresponding to it in each context in which it occurs.
In this case, we may say that the formative in question meets the condition of invariance. (We can also extend the definition of invariance in the obvious way, to the case of a particular segment of a formative.) Thus the formativeinll meets the invariance condition, but the formative algebra does not, as we see if we carry The lexical entry (2b) for algebra must specify that the final vowel is nontense: otherwis~, it will not be stressless, nor will it reduce to [g] (see Chapter Three, Section 14): But consider the form algebraic.
In this case the fin~l vowel of algebra is marked [+tense] in the phonetic matrix because of the rule that vowels become tense before vowels: This.is the rule th~t we have st~ted as part of (30) in Chapter Three (p. 74).
The phonetic matrix for algebra m algebraic will thus differ from that in #algebra# not only with respect to redundant features (e.g., degree of stress), but also with respect to the inherent feature of Technically this condition is never satisfied since the entries of phonological matrices are the s b I.+? and 0 while the entries?f phonetic matrices are positive integers.
What wemean, of course:~t~a~ If the Integral values for a particular feature are divided into twoclasses, one of which (1 to 11, for some 11) represents a refinement of the category + and the other of which (11+ 1 to m where m is the mini I ion) represents a refinement of the category , then the,phonological. w hentheintegers 1,... , 11 arereplaced by + and theintegers 11+1 rIX IS a tenseness.
This illustrates the fact that phonological rules not only fill in redundant entries of matrices but also may change inherent features marked in the lexical entry.
Suppose that we now extend the description to the features that determine vowel quality.
We have already noted that there is a rule determining that nonstressed, nontense vowels in final position become tense if they are nonlow (that is, [i], [e], [u], [0]), but reduce to [o] if they are low (see Chapter Three, p. 74).
Since the final vowel of algebra reduces, it must be marked in the lexicon as [+ low].
Since it is also [tense], the stress assignment rules of the preceding chapter assign stress only to the first syllable.
But in algebraic this vowel is phonetically both [+tense] and [low].
Consequently not only the inherent tenseness but also the inherent lowness of the lexical entry may be altered by the phonological rules.
In fact, it is often the case that phonological rules change inherent properties, and it is not to be expected that the invariance condition will be met in general.
Occasionally the factors that determine what the underlying lexical entry must be are quite complex.
To illustrate the range of considerations that may be involved, consider the words reciprocalreciprocity, frivolousfrivolity, demondemonic, etc.
In each case we have a formative ending with a vowel followed by a single consonant, to which is added a suffix (aI, ity, ous, ic).
The final vowel of each formative appears in one of two phonetic formseither [s] (reciprocal,frivolous, demon) or [a] (reciprocity,frivolity, demonicy/: The problem is to determine the underlying phonological shape.
We see at once that the vowel in question must be nontense in the phonological matrix to account for the stress placement in reciprocal, frivolous, demon.
In each case, if the boldface vowel were tense, it would receive stress by the rules discussed in Chapter Three.
Since, however, it is nontense and therefore nonstressed, the vowel instead reduces to [g] by the Vowel Reduction Rule (rule (121) of Chapter Three).
But we now have to account for the fact that when the vowel does receive stress, as when it is followed by the affix ity or ic, it becomes tense.
Thus there must be a rule such as (4) If this rule follows the Vowel Reduction Rule, no further context need be given.
Thus when v* is unstressed, it will reduce; when stressed, it will become tense by rule (4).
What, then, is the feature composition of V* beyond its nontenseness.
The simplest solution would be to take V* as the nontense cognate of [a], that is, as the low, back, nonround vowel [a].
In this case, rule (4) will suffice to determine the quality of V* when it does not reduce.
We will see, however, that there are strong reasons for regarding [a] as itself being derived, by obligatory unrounding, from its round cognate [o], which does not appear in phonetic matrices although considerations of symmetry would lead us to expect it.
But if we are to take V* as [o], we must formulate rule (4) in terms that have the effect of (5) (where stands for lax, that is, nontense): This is true of one major dialect.
In other dialects the vowel in the second case may be [o], [5], or [al contrasting with [ii].
We return to tfie question of thisdialectal variation later.
It doesnot affect the point
On our use of diagonals versus square brackets (i.e., II vs. [ ]), see ChapterThree, page 65.
Wereturnto thismatterlater.Actually invariance is violated whether [a] or [o] is chosen for V·, although the example is morestriking, of course, in the latter case.
Moreover, if the boldface vowel in reciprocal, frivolous, demon is [0] in the underlying matrix, then the vowel of the phonological matrix never appears in a phonetic matrix without a change in quality, so that the invariance condition is violated in an extreme way.
However, the ac:ual form~ are determined by quite simple rules, and the choice of the underlying Notice that in the case of the pair reciprocalreciprocity, there is still another violation of invariance, namely, with respect to the final consonant of the formative reciproc, This segment appears in one case as [Ie], in another as [s].
Other familiar facts of English force us to the conclusion that the underlying consonant is Ikl and that we have rules with the effect We will see that rule (6) can be generalized considerably and analyzed into several independently motivated steps.
For the moment we record it simply as another case of the violation Even though we cannot impose the condition of invariance on phonological matrices we might still inquire whether some weaker condition is not satisfied.
Can we, for example: require that the underlying phonological segment and the phonetic Segment that corresponds to it not differ too greatly, in some sense.
Rule (6) suggests that this is unlikely, since [k] and [s] differ in the features anterior, coronal, continuant, strident.
Later we will find an even more extreme violation of the invariance condition, in the vowel system.
We shall see that in a sequence of steps, each well motivated and involving a change of just one feature, the underlying segment luI becomes phonetic [re] in certain dialects.
This is a maximal change within the vowel system, for these two segments differ in the features high, low, back, round, tense, that is, in all features that differentiate Thus it seems that there is no hope for any condition of invariance that will relate ~honological ~nd phonetic matrices.
No doubt there, are certain conditions on possible phonological rules, and these will, derivatively, impose certain conditions on the relation of phonological and phonetic matrices.
But it seems that there is no general condition that can be established apart from whatever effects these conditions on rules .
Notice that although the invariance condition is not necessarily met by a grammar, there IS often a cost attached to violating it, in terms of complexity of rules.
Thus, in general a grammar will contain fewer and simpler rules to the extent that the invariance condition is met; the condition will be violated, therefore, only when the corresponding gains more than ~om~e~sate for t?e loss in simplicity.
As we have indicated previously, an important part of ~ngUlStIC theory IS ~n evaluation measure for grammars that specifies those formal properties that playa role m the selection of one grammar (one theory of a language) over another, ~oth by the learner of the language and the linguist analyzing it.
A clear and precise formulatI.on o~ such ~ me~sure (f~r discussion, see Chapter Eight) will determine exactly in what way violation of mvanance will, ceteris paribus, reduce the valuation of a grammar.
It will thus express a certain empirical hypothesis concerning the extent to which invariance is an To summarize, we see that there are several respects in which phonological and phonetic matrices differ.
First, the entries in the phonetic matrices may indicate degree along a physically defined scale, whereas the entries in the phonological matrices simply indicate membership of a segment in a category or in its complement (or give no information about membership).
Secondly, the phonetic matrices are fully specified, whereas the phonological matrices in general are not.
Thirdly, the phonetic matrices may differ from the underlying phonological matrices in the values which are inherent in the latter, as we have just noted.
Finally, it is clear that a phonetic matrix may differ in number of segments from the underlying phonological matrix, as, for example, in the case of epenthesis or elision.
We have used the term phonetic distinctive features for the universal physical scales that determine the rows of the phonetic matrices.
Correspondingly, we may use the term phonological distinctive features to refer to the categories that label the rows of the phonological matrices.
Unfortunately, the discussion and development of the theory of distinctive features has been confused by the use of the term distinctive feature in both senses.
This is appropriate only insofar as the invariance condition is metthat is, insofar as the phonological rules simply add redundant features to lexical matrices, giving additional specification of archisegments.
As we have seen, however, this is not the case in general.
In fact, we do not believe that there is any significant intermediate level of linguistic representation between phonetic and phonological at which representations are strictly in terms of submatrices of the full phonetic representation.
In any event, the phonological and It might be proposed, in the light of the distinction between phonological and phonetic distinctive features, that the two sets be absolutely unrelatedthat in cases such as (1) and (2) above, for example, the rows be labeled entirely differently in the phonological and phonetic matrices.
Thus in (1) we would have the phonetic features consonantal, vocalic, etc., as before, but in (2) we would have the phonological features A, B, and so on.
Only the phonetic features would now be  substantive ; the phonological features would be without physical content and would provide an arbitrary categorization.
Adoption of this proposal would have two effects.
For one thing, since all phonological rules would operate on the empty categories A, B, etc., gradually filling them in and revising their entries, the grammar would now have to be supplemented with a set of rules operating at the point at which all matrices are fully specified and providing that phonetic features be associated with the categories; for example, we would have rules providing that [ClA] + [ovocalic], [ClB] + [cconsonantal] (where Cl is a variable ranging over the values of feature specifications, as in Chapter Three, p. 83).
But every grammar will have to have exactly these rules; hence they do not contribute in any way to the choice among grammars and can just as well be eliminated from all grammars.
To eliminate them means, simply, to use the names of the phonetic features to label the categories in the first The second effect of this proposal would be nonvacuous, however.
Recall that the phonetic features constitute a fixed and restricted set, independent of any particular language.
Thus, our decision to restrict phonological categories to those that can be labeled by phonetic features amounts to an empirical hypothesis concerning the number of possible 61n other words, we believe untenable the view (characteristic of postSapirian linguistics, both in the United States and in Europe) that there is a level of representation meeting such conditions as invariance and biuniqueness.
For discussion, see HalIe (1959), Chomsky (1964), Chomsky and HalIe (1965). c~tegories of a phonological matrix.
It reflects the hypothesis that beyond the categorization given by the features which are associated, ultimately, with phonetic values, all categorization applies.to the formative as a whole and not to its separate (successive) parts.
For example, a formative may belong to the category of items which are exceptions to a certain phonological rule, but we cannot state, in the lexical representation, that one but not another of its segments belongs to the category of exceptions to this rule.
To achieve the latter effect a spec~al rule would have to be given, increasing the complexity ofthe grammar.
We expect.to put It loosely, that there will be rules applying to segments specified in terms of categories very closely tied to phonetic features and rules applying to full lexical items; but rules of other sorts will necessarily be more complex, given the framework we are adopting.
This becomes a significant claim as soon as an evaluation measure is fixed.
If true, it is a formal property of language that would be missed if phonetic and phonological features were .
W,e think, then, that th~re may be good reason to limit the class of phonological matnces in terms of the set of umversal phonetic features.
For the linguist or the child learning the language, the set of phonetic representations of utterances is a given empirical fact. 8 His pro~lem.is to a~sign a lexical representation to each word, and to develop a set of grammatical (1~ partIc.uI~r,?honological) rules which account for the given facts.
The performance of this task IS limited by the set of constraints on the form of grammars.
Without such constraints, the task is obviously impossible; and the narrower such constraints the more feasible the task becomes.
Among the formal conditions is the one that we have just outlined namely, that each lexical entry consists of a phonological matrix in which the rows ar; labeled by names of phonetic features along with a set of categories to which the formative in question belongs.
The conditions on the form and application of rules and the evaluation measure for gra~ars s~t fU~her c~nstraints.
The task, then, is to select the most highly valued grammar (including, m particular, a lexicon) that meets these conditions and is compatible with the particular data on which it is based.
Itl?nS, o~ ex~mple, the condition that if a feature is totally redundant (as, for example, glottalization In ~nghsh, ,,;hlch IS always co~pl~tely predictable from context), then it must not be used distinctively in lexical matrices.
This would eliminate varIOUS techniques for escaping some of the force of th d.. o irrut p ono ~glca teatures to those with an absolute phonetic interpretation.
We do not take this step here, h?~ever, sl~ce we.are un~b~e t~ formulate such a condition in a way which will still permit a wide class of ~amlhar cases In which a. dIstInctIve.feature is lost phonetically though it remains functional in phono10gJ:a1~ules.
T~us, ~o take J.ust?n~ of ~nnumerable examples, in Modern Hebrew the feature of pharyngealization.(whlch In Arabic dlstIngulsh~s the class of emphatic consonants) is phonetically lost in stops, bu~ It (?r s~me. oth~r nonp~on~tIc feature) must still be marked in lexical matrices, to prevent P?stvocahc SPlr~ntIzatJon In what IS historically an emphatic [k], for example.
Thus we have [kavar] [l~xbor] contrasttng wi.th [kavar], [likbor], and we may account for the contrast by representing the forme; with a nonpharyngealized [k] and the latter with pharyngealized [k]..Pres~mably, the.w.ay to distinguish permissible from impermissible uses of diacritics is in terms.. conditions on the kinds of rules in which a given feature can playa role .
Ho wever, we ar~ not In a position to say very much about this interesting question.
For some discussion see Chapter 8 But qualifications are necessary.
Thus both the linguist and the child must determine which of the examples on which to base their theory of the language of which thes examples are a s~mple, and III part this decision must itself be made on grounds of systematic com7 p.lexlty.
Further.more, It mus~ be borne.in mind that the speaker of a language may assign to a physical SIgnal a phonetic representation determined in part by grammatical rule rather than by overt To the rules that apply strictly within a single lexical entry and that simply fill in unspecified squares of phonological matrices, without violating invariance, we will give the special name of lexical redundancy rules..
We will see that they have many special properties and interesting empirical correlates.
Strictly speaking, they belong to the system of readjustment rules rather than to phonology, in our terms.
Thus representations such as (2) are actually lexical rather than phonological representations.
They become phonological representations when lexical redundancy rules (and perhaps other readjustment rules) apply, converting someperhaps allof the zero entries to plus or minus.
As an illustration of a lexical redundancy rule, we cite a familiar restriction on initial This rule asserts that the first segment of an initial consonant cluster must be [s] if the second segment is a true consonant (i.e., neither a liquid nor a glide).
It rules out sequences such as [ps], [Elm], but not [pl], [Br], in formativeinitial position.
We cannot in all cases determine from the form of a rule whether it is a lexical redundancy rule or a rule of the phonology.
If, for example, a rule such as (7) were to apply across formative boundary, it could not be a lexical redundancy rule.
Thus consider the rule, dating back to Old English, that vowels are nontense in position before certain consonant clusters.
Before clusters such as [kt] and [pt], we always find lax vowels, not only when the cluster occurs within a formative, as in evict, apt, crypt, but also when it occurs across formative boundary, as in descrip + tion, satisfacstion.
There are no tense vowels or diphthongs in this environment, that is, no morphemes such as *[duwkt], *[dawkt], *[eypt], or *[kraypt] and no polymorphemic forms such as *[dawkltiv], *[skdiyp+tyuwr].10 Thus this laxing rule, as opposed to rule (7), is a rule of the phonology rather than a lexical These are rules which express regularities of lexical classification.
In addition to the phonological redundancy rules, there are redundancy rules that deal with syntactic and semantic categories that appear in the lexicon, and that relate these several kinds of categories (see Chomsky, 1965, Chapter Four).
In this book, however, we will consider only phonological redundancy rules.
These are the morpheme structure 10 We find opt and COIICOCt with tense [a] before [pt] and [kt], but, as we have seen, this [a] is the reflex of an originally nontense vowel by rule (5).
The past tense [t] (e.g., aped, liked) must, of course, be marked as being excluded from the domain of this rule, as well as that of many other rules, in regular verbs.
As we have already noted, it is regularly preceded by the boundary #.
Some other apparent exceptions are dealt with below.
The basic regularities discussed here were pointed out to us by P.
Kiparsky.
Notice, incidentally, that [u] acts as a cluster of the form C 2 , rather than as a single consonant like [m] or [n].
Thus we have words such as limeline, loamloan, lamelane, town, etc., with [ay], [ow],
[ey], [awl, respectively, but forms such as *[Iayu], *[lowU], *[Ieyu], *[tawU] are impossible in English.
This is one of many factors contributing to the conclusion that the phonological matrix [+nasal] [g] As mentioned directly above, vowels in English are generally laxed before consonant clusters.
Excluded from the domain of this laxing rule, however, are vowels preceding certain clusters within a single lexical item, in particular, vowels preceding dental clusters.
For. example, we have words such as pint, count, plaint, in which a diphthong precedes the cluster tnt], and words such as hoist, toast, wild.field, with diphthongs before other dental clusters.
But a dental cluster with an intervening formative boundary has no special status, and we do have laxing in the boldface position in words such as contenstion, intertenstion, detenstion, abstenstion, retenstiue, conten+t, widsth, los+t. (Note that laxing does not occur us plaintsioe, from the lexical entry plaint, or in restrains t, complain#tcontrasting with content from contain+twhich have word boundary rather than formative boundary in the dental cluster, as seen from the fact that stress is not shifted to the left in the noun cycle.) Thus the laxing rule (see rule (20111) and note 2 in Chapter Five for a refined version of this rule) states that, with the exception of vowels occurring before dental clusters Exceptions of the type just noted cannot be easily incorporated into the grammar as developed up to this point.
We therefore consider next an extension of the available descriptive devices which would enable us to treat such exceptions in a straightforward manner.
Each phonological rule of the language applies to certain formatives and, in general, not to others, the domain of its application being determined by the feature composition of the phonological matrices.
If a certain rule does not apply to a certain formative, this fact : must somehow be indicated in the feature composition of the formative at the stage of derivation at which the rule is applicable.
It is quite obvious that many of the phonological rules of the language will have certain exceptions which, from the point of view of the synchronic description, will be quite arbitrary.
This is no more surprising than the fact that there exist strong verbs or irregular plurals.
Phonology, being essentially a finite system, can tolerate some lack of regularity (exceptions can be memorized); being a highly intricate system, resulting (very strikingly, in a language like English) from diverse and interwoven historical processes, it is to be expected that a margin of irregularity will persist in almost every aspect of the phonological description.
Clearly, we must design our linguistic theory in such a way that the existence of exceptions does not prevent the systematic formulation of those regularities that remain. l l Furthermore, we must provide means for expressing those regularities that hold within the class of exceptions, however limited they may be.
Finally, an overriding consideration is that the evaluation measure must be designed in such a way that the wider and more varied the class of exceptions to a rule, the less highly valued In short, the most highly valued (simplest) grammar will be that in which the phonological rule X ~ Y (where X and Yare matrices) applies to any string containing X as a submatrix.
We are certain to find, however, that in many cases formatives will have to be differentiated with respect to the applicability of the rule in question.
Some formatives containing the submatrix X will undergo the rule, and others will not.
The wider and more This obvious point is always taken for granted in morphological studiesie.g., no one would think of refusing to incorporate the rule for regular plurals in an English grammar because of children, oxen, varied the class of cases that do not undergo the rule, the more complex must be the grammar in terms of the evaluation procedure that must constitute part of a significant linguistic We will deal with this problem in the following way.
Each rule of the phonology has a certain identifying number.
We associate with each number n a new distinctive feature [±n].
Suppose that the rule numbered n is A~B / C.,D.
Then we stipulate that A must be marked [+ n] if the rule numbered n is to apply to it.
Furthermore, we establish the Convention 1: Every segment of a lexical matrix is automatically marked [+n] for every Since the various decisions just formulated contribute equally to the complexity of all grammars, we may regard their total contribution to the evaluation of a grammar as nil.
This is to say that we need not even present these conditions explicitly in a grammar but may regard them merely as conventions for interpreting a grammar.
They do, however, play a role in determining whether or not two matrices are distinct.
If a certain formative is not subject to rule n, its segments must be marked [n].
In the light of the decisions on the form of grammars that we have so far adopted, we must conclude that this fact is not a feature of any segment of the formative but of the formative as a whole.
That is, the formative as such must be marked in the lexicon as belonging to the category of exceptions to rule n, and, consequently, the feature [n] must be marked in each of its segments.
But in accordance with Convention 1, each of its segments is marked [+ n].
Thus we must add a new convention, to be applied after Convention 1 and having the Convention 2: Every segment of a lexical matrix J.l is marked Thus, in particular, if a formative belongs to the lexical category [n], each of its segments will be marked [n] by Convention 2, after automatically having been marked [+n] by Convention 1.
Thus every time a certain formative is an exception to a rule, there is a certain  cost associated with this fact,.namely, a certain category assignment must be given the lexical entry.
But an item that does undergo a rule need not be specially marked.
Thus only exceptions to a rule contribute to the complexity of the grammar in this connection.
Furthermore, notice that the less predictable the class of exceptions, the greater the contribution to complexity.
For example, if the class of formatives belonging to the category [n] is totally idiosyncratic, then each such category assignment must be given in the lexicon.
But if this class plays some other role in the grammar, in whole or in part, then the category assignment need not be given as an independent lexical property.
Thus in English, for example, there are many items that must be marked in the lexicon for the fact that they do not enter into the Romance derivational system.
We shall designate such formatives as belonging to the category [deriv].
A phonological property connected with the independently motivated category subject to derivational processes will contribute less to the complexity of the grammar than one that is entirely idiosyncratic, since its occurrence in lexical entries can in part be stated by redundancy rules.
Consider rule (6), for example, which, when appropriately generalized, will have the effect of changing [k] to [s] and [g] to fj] (in a series of steps) ~hen these segments appear before a high or mid front vowel ([i], tel, [I], [el).
This rule applies to the boldface segments of reciproc, receive, general, etc., but not to the boldface positions of kill, kennel, lackey, gill, and so on.
Yet there is good reason to mark all these items as velar stops in the lexicon.
Thus the items kill, kennel, gill (but not reciproc, ceiue, general) will be marked in the lexicon as belonging to the category [rule (6)]P However, this is not an entirely idiosyncratic classification since it is, in part, an automatic consequence (therefore statable by a redundancy rule instead of having to be independently marked in each case) of membership in the category [deriv], characteristic of a formative which must anyway be specially marked in its lexical entry.P The lexical category [rule (6)] will, by Convention 2, be marked as a segmental feature of each segment of the items belonging to this category, and these items will thereby be automatically excluded from the application of rule (6).
This is a rather typical example of a characteristic aspect of English grammar to which we shall make reference again below.
Alongside of the partially systematic class of exceptions to rule (6), we also find purely idiosyncratic exceptions.
For example, consider the rule that makes vowels nontense before certain affixes (e.g., compare serene and serenity, obscene and obscenity).
There are exceptions to this rule (e.g., obeseobesity, in most dialects) which must simply be categorized as such in the lexicon, these lexical features becoming segmental features by Convention 2.
Each such example contributes to the complexity of the grammar, but there is obviously no question of rejecting the rule.
Doing so would amount to treating each item as an exception, in the manner of itemandarrangement grammars (see Chapter Three, Section 16), and there is surely no point to such a decision.
Convention 2 asserts that each lexical category of a formative automatically becomes a distinctive feature of each of its segments.
This will be true, then, even of the syntactic and semantic features ( animate, proper, particular semantic properties, etc.) which ordinarily have no phonetic effects.
No harm is done, however, by allowing Convention 2 to apply quite generally.
In fact these lexical categorizations may indeed have phonetic effects occasionally. (See Chapter Eight, Section 7, for some examples.) Let us be somewhat more precise about Convention 2..
Suppose that a formative belongs to the syntactic categories [animate], [nonhuman], [exception to rule n].
Alternatively, we might represent these categories as [+animate], [human], [rule n] within the syntactic component of the grammar.
From the point of view of the phonology, each of the categories [animate] (= [+ animate]), [nonhuman] (= [human]), [exception to rule n] (= [rule n]) is simply a feature, which may be positively or negatively specified.
Convention 2 asserts that each segment of the formative in question receives the specifications [+ [animate]], [+ [nonhuman]], [+ [exception to rule n]], that is, the specifications [+ [+animate]], [+ [human]], [+ [rule n].
To simplify the theory of rule application, we may assume that each segment of any formative is, by convention, specifiedas [X] for any syntactic category X that appears anywhere in the lexicon for which it is not specified Notice that in the case of the unvoiced velar stop [k], the orthographic distinction of kc comes close to marking the distinction [rule (6)] vs. [lrule (6)], for obvious historical reasons. 13 Notice that the items subject to derivational processes are further subdivided (ultimately, with respect to Greek or Latin origin) in terms of the categorization provided by rule (6).
Thus we have hierarch (ie, _y), psych (ie, 0), and a small number of other formatives which do not undergo softening of velars before ic, etc., in contrast to the large class of regular cases which do.
In short, we would certainly expect to find, in a complete grammar of English, that categories corresponding rather closely to Greek, Latin and
Germanic origin appear in lexical entries and that membership in these categories has phonetic effects.
English is perhaps unusual in the intricate and complex way in which these categories and their effects have been worked into the grammar, but it is quite generally the case that the lexicon of a language is sUbdivi~ed, in ~erms of phonological and morphological processes, into native and foreign, or something of this sort.
See, for example, Lees (1961) and the interesting discussion in Postal (1968). [+ X].
Thus the segments of the formative being considered in our example are specified [_ [animate]], [[+human]].
We now specify, again by a general interpretive convention, that [+ [rule n]] = [rule n].
Thus the feature [exception to rule n] as introduced by a lexical feature and as introduced by a rule are indistinguishable from the point of view of the rules of the phonological component.
With these interpretive conventions, The formal devicesjust developed seem to be appropriate for dealing with exceptions to phonological rules.
As we have noted, the grammar becomes more complex as exceptions increase in number, variety, and unpredictability.
The complication is less severe if a class of exceptions can be characterized by a redundancy rule rather than by listing each example, We are now in a position to return to the problem of the laxing rule (8).
As noted, this applies to vowels that appear in the context C 2 unless, among other exceptional cases, the consonant cluster in question is a dental cluster and is internal to a formative.
In our framework dentals are marked [+ anterior, tcoronal].
We must therefore incorporate Being a lexical redundancy rule, rule (9) applies only within a single lexical entry.
It specifies that a vowel in the context C2 will not undergo the laxing rule (8) if the following cluster is dental.
Thus, the effect of the combination of the lexical redundancy rule (9) and the phonological rule (8) is precisely as indicated in the informal description of page 172.
Another possible sort of exception involves negative contexts.
Thus, when the rule n, X 7 Y, applies everywhere except in the context Z W, we might state this We have so far mentioned three kinds of exceptions: those indicated by lexical categorization, those given by lexical redundancy rules such as (9), and those that involve If we were to use the device of (10) more generallynegative contexts for rules, as in if, in other words, we were to allow referencein a rule not only to the next rule, as in (lOnI), but to any rulethen we would increase the power and flexibility of the system greatly.
We have no examples that suggest the necessity for negative contexts or for any extension of the device of (10).
Therefore, we will make the tentative assumption that the only kinds of exceptions to rules are those given by lexical categorization or by lexical redundancy rules such as (9), and we will restrict the formalism of the theory accordingly.
Although this approach to the problem of exceptions seems to us correct as far as it goes, it is far from definitive.
There is, first of all, a certain ambiguity of reference when we specify an item as [rule n].
Consider, once again, the laxing of vowels in English.
Rule (8) is really an abbreviation for several rules, one of which applies to a vowel in the context __ C (where 111 is the maximum length of a consonant cluster in English), another in the context C 1 , etc., and the last of which applies in the context C • We must decide, then, upon general conventions that determine whether an item marked as an + + + + + + + +. + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + exception to rule (8) is an exception to all of the rules abbreviated by (8) or only to a specific one.
From some points of view it seems natural to adopt the convention that a specification of [rule n] refers to the rule numbered n in the completely expanded system of rules which involves no abbreviatory notations.
Items will then have to be categorized as exceptions to one or another rule abbreviated by (8).
An item which is an exception to rule (8) applying in the context CC will not necessarily be an exception to the rule applying in the context CCC (the consonant cluster being followed by a vowel or a non segment in both cases).
In the case in question, this seems the correct interpretation.
The vowels that are marked as exceptions to the rule laxing vowels in the context CC are not, apparently, excluded from laxing in the context CCC (cf. children, Christmas, in which the tense vowel becomes lax even before a dental clusterin the word Christmas, the [t] later drops).
Examples are so sparse, however, that this observation cannot be taken very seriously.
And there is very little doubt that items which are exceptions to certain subcases of a rule will also, under some circumstances, be exceptions to other subcases.
What these circumstances may be, however, we do not know, and we therefore leave the problem in this unsatisfactory There are other aspects of the problem of exceptions not taken care of in the system presented above.
Occasionally items must be specified not as exceptions to some specificrule but as exceptions to all rules of some general sort.
For example, in Hebrew there are several rules deleting vowels, but none of them apply to the high vowels [i] and [u]; and there are several rules modifying vowel quality, but none of them apply to [u].
Thus we want to mark underlying lui as immune to all rules affecting quality, and to mark underlying high vowels as immune to all deletion rules.
We came across a similar but more marginal problem in English in studying Auxiliary Reduction Rules in Section 14 of Chapter Three.
In discussing the immunity to reduction of [5y] and such exceptional cases as the vowel of =nOt, we pointed out that such vocalic nuclei are also tense where they would be expected to be lax (e.g., exploitative, denotative), and we observed in note 74 (p. 122) that they might be lexically marked as exempt from laxingthat is, exempt from several separate but related rules that make vowels nontense under various circumstances.
Here, once again, a principled solution to the problem requires insights into rule classification that go beyond our present In our discussion of the stress rules of English, we have had occasion to analyze the segments as [±vocalic], [±consonantal], and [±tense].
The universal phonetic theory which we accept presents further possibilities for the categorization of segments.
Those categorizations which playa role in the discussion of the present chapter are summarized in Table 1. (For a more detailed discussion see Chapter Seven and the literature cited there.) In the vowel system the essential features are high,  back, low,  round, and tense.
For the consonants, the traditional points of articulation are supplanted in the present system by the features anterior and coronal as in Table 2: These categorizations suffice for the examination of English consonants presented in this chapter, and in general the features high, back, and low will play no role in the discussion of consonants here, (See Chapter Seven and Chapter Nine, Section 4, for a more The phonological rules specify coefficients associated with different features.
Thus, rule (8) supplies the coefficient minus to the feature tense in a vowel before two consonants; the stress rules of the preceding chapter supply coefficients represented by positive integers to the feature  stress in vowels in various contexts.
We extend the notation fo allow variablesfor which we use letters of the Greek alphabetto function as coefficients of features in the formulation of rules.
This extension allows us to handle many phenomena that would otherwise not be expressible.
We have already made use of this notation in formulating the rules of stress assignment in the preceding chapter.
The familiar rule of voicing assimilation in consonant clusters provides In other words, a nonnasal consonant becomes voiced before a voiced nonnasal (true) Dissimilation can also be expressed by the use of variables.
For example, in (11) if we replace [ovoice] by [c£voice] in the segment to which the rule applies, then the rule will state a process of dissimilation, the first of two nonnasal true consonants becoming voiced where the second is unvoiced, and unvoiced where the second is voiced.
To take a real example, consider a dialect of English in which diphthongs can take only low back vowels before the nonback glide [y] (i.e., [5y], lay]) and only nonback vowels before the back glide [w] (i.e., [rew]).
To account for the phonetic quality of the vowels, we postulate the Observe that by permitting variables in the formulation of rules, we in effect commit ourselves to the view that assimilation and dissimilation are not merely a matter of fortuitous coincidence of almost identical rules, but are, rather, linguistic universalsthat is, processes available to all languages though not necessarily used in all.
As we proceed, we will come across other examples which call for the use of variables We are now in a position to deal with the central problem in the noncyclic phonology of English, that is, the problem of accounting for the intricate system of vowel alternations that are found primarily, but not solely, in the subpart of the vocabulary that is of Romance origin.
We will consider first the nonback vowels and will work out the rules governing their alternations.
We will then apply these results to the apparently still more complex system of Returning now to the notation of the preceding chapter (see p. 69), we give these in the cases of the same system of alternationssatIrsatiric, derIvderivative, LInlineardelineate, mlitrmetric, appEIappelative, dliliciousdeltcacy, compArcomperatioe, explAnexplsenatory, grAtefulgrestitude, and so on.
It is clear that in the case of diulndioinity, serlinserenity, prcfAnprofenity, the underlying representation must have a tense vowel As in Chapter Three, we will preserve conventional spelling in expository passages as much as possible, using a fairly precise representation only for the elements explicitly under discussion. in the second syllable so that in isolation the word will receive final stress by the strong cluster rule of Chapter Three; that is, these forms must be entered in the lexicon as dioln, serEn, profAn, where [1], [E], [A] (whatever their quality may be otherwise) are phonologically tense.
In order to account for the lax vowels in the derivative nouns, however, we must incorporate in the gra!Jlffiar rules that have the effect of (13): Apart from tenseness, we have not yet settled the phonological distinctive feature composition of the segments that we are representing by capital letters.
Phonetically the segments represented as [I], [E], [A] will appear as lay], [iy], ley], respectively, that is, as a. tense vowel followed by a yglide.
Suppose that divine, serene, profane are entered in the lexicon with lay], [Iy], ley] (or, perhaps, archiforms of these) in the position of the second If we replace the informal notations of (14) by their precise representations in terms of features, we find that the rule is quite complex, expressing no underlying generalization.
This suggests that the operation of the rule be subdivided into several stages, each of which can perhaps be expressed in some fairly general form.
Instead of pursuing this possibility directly, however, let us turn to some other evidence that strongly brings into question the decision to accept the phonological feature analysis of [1], [E], [A] as lay], [iy], ley], Alongside of the rules (14), we must also have rules that produce effects precisely opposite to those of (14).
To see this, consider the forms oariousoarlety, impiouspiety, funeralfunlireal, managermanaglirial, AbelAblilian, CanadaCanAdian, marginalmarginAlia, algebraalgebrAic, etc.
We have already noted that there are rules applying to nontense vowels in final position, causing those that are nonlow (that is [i], [e], [u], [0]) to become tense and those that are low to reduce to [a] (see (30), p. 74).
Since the final vowel of algebra reduces, it must be marked in the lexicon as [+low].
Moreover, it must also be [tense], for otherwise the stress assignment rules of the preceding chapter would have assigned stress to it.
But in algebraic this vowel is both [+ tense] and [low]; it is, in fact, [A].
The vowel is also nonback and nonround in algebraic, and the simplest assumption with respect to these features is, clearly, that the same is true of the underlying representation of the vowel in algebra, In sum, the segment underlying the final vowel of algebra must be nontense, low, nonback, and nonround; i.e., it must be le}.
To give the proper vowel in algebrAic, then, the grammar must contain rule (15): Consider now variousvariety.
Clearly the underlying form of vary must have a lax final vowel or the stress would be on the last syllable.
The phonetic tenseness of this vowel in vary and in various is an automatic consequence of rules applying to vowels in final and in prevocalic position; its diphthongal quality is a consequence of its tenseness, as we shall see directly.
Furthermore, it is clear from the word vary in isolation that the underlying vowel must be Iii.
Since in variety this vowel appears as [1], we see that the grammar must contain, along with the rule re 7 A, the rule i 7 I. vowel reduction tell us that in manager the final vowel is lax.
Considerations analogous to those cited in the preceding paragraph tell us that it is nonback.
It can be neither Iii nor lrel for it would then become [1] or [A] by the rules just discussed.
Therefore it is lei, and the In short, the grammar must contain rules that have the effect of (16): If, as in (14), we take the phonological composition of [I], [E], [A] to be essentially the same
As we have noted above in connection with (14), this is an extremely complex rule.
For a grammar to contain a rule of the complexity of (14) or a rule of the complexity of (17) is implausible enough.
For it to contain both of these rules is quite intolerable, not only because of the doubling of complexity, but, more importantly, because it is clear that such a grammar is missing a significant generalization.
Thus the fact that (17) simply reverses (14) does not contribute to the simplicity of this grammar, i.e., the generalization that similar processes are involved is unexpressed.
The grammar would be no more complex if (14) were retained and (17) were replaced by (18), for example: primary, papacy, vagary, vacancy, ivory, irony, regency, potency, credence, naturethese The tensing rule required by the facts examined above has the form: By rule (19) a stressed vowel becomes lax before the affix ic, id, or ish (though not io or is) and before an unstressed nonfinal syllable.
In particular, then, bisyllabic affixes such as ity, ify will have the effect of laxing the immediately preceding vowel, and the same will be In case (b) we have the two subcases CC+YCoY and CYCoY.
The first subcase causes laxing in the boldface position in profundsity, pronuncsiation, wildserness (if derived from wIld); but neither case applies in the boldface position of mountainous, countenance, counterfeit, mountebank, bountiful, etc., since in these words the consonant sequence after the stressed vowel is not followed by a formative boundary ( +).
Examples of laxing still unaccounted for in this analysis are abundant, contrapuntal.
Like many other phonological rules, the laxing rule (19) does not apply to a number of categorially marked exceptions (see Section 2.2).
In monosyllables, in particular, we simply have two categories of formatives with respect to case (a)those to which the rule applies and those to which it does not.
Some examples that do not undergo laxing are scEnic, bAsic, cIc/ic.
For case (b), there are exceptions such as obEsity, hIbernate, Isolate, In fact, the grammar would actually be simplified in this particular case, contrary to obvious These considerations are sufficient to show that a theory of English (an English grammar) is surely in error if it attempts to account for the Ii, Ee, Are alternations by assigning to [I], [E], [A] a phonological feature analysis that corresponds to the phonetic feature analysis and relating the variants by the rules (14) and (17).
Let us therefore approach the problem of alternations of nonback vowels in a rather different way.
It is clear that these alternations involve both a change of tenseness and a change of vowel quality.
Let us put aside for the moment the question of the quality and concentrate on the tenseness.
Rule (13) asserts that vowels become lax in certain contexts, and rule (16) asserts that they become tense in certain other contexts.
Consideration of the examples given above, and many others, shows that the contexts in question are those in rules (19) (corresponding to (13)) and (20) (corresponding to (16)): The second part of the rule is the modern reflex of the Middle English sound law, whose effects were characterized by Jespersen (1909, Section 4.33); When a stressed syllable is followed by two (or more) weak ones, there is a strong tendency to shorten it.
The rule itself was apparently discovered by Luick Many writers on this subject (see, e.g., Jordan, 1934; Wyld, 1927; Dobson, 1957) give the impression that this development affected only a smaIl part of the vocabulary.
Luick (1898, pp, 34950), however, specificaIly noted that die englischen quantitaetsgesetze treten ferner zu tage in den vielen romanischen sowie auch in den spaeteren lateinischgriechischen lehnwoertern.
And Jespersen (1909,
Section 4.71) gives an extensive list of examples from the nonGermanic component of the language.
As implied here, part (b) of rule (19) should actually be generalized so that the last segment mentioned is [consonantall rather than V; that is, the segment in this position may be a glide as weIl as a vowel.
RecaIl in this regard that the last two formseredence and naturelike the other forms mentioned, have a final glide in their underlying representations.
In the case of these two forms the glide is [el, which is deleted by a simplified version of the eElision Rule (155) of Chapter Three. (See p, 161 for discussion.) al/, as suggested in Chapter Three, Section 7, the first We may note that if we analyze ic as lik part of case (a) disappears, faIling under case (b).
The motive for this analysis in Chapter Three was that it accounted for the exceptional behavior of ic with respect to stress placement.
The same artifice will, we now see, account for its exceptional behavior with respect to laxing.
In fact, there are other phenomena relevant here.
Thus there are certain VC strings that permit only nontense vowels in the preceding syllable even though there is no reason to assign a formative boundary before VC #; for example, id (as in acid, rapidthe sole exception is hybrid),ish (as in radish,abolish, establish, relish), and tt (as in credit, limit, visit).
This may be a matter for a lexical redundancy rule.
Notice that it permits tense vowels when it can be regarded as an affix (plaudsit, aud+ it).
Examples such as lucid, stupid, cubic are not exceptions to laxing before id, ic.
We have already Case (a) of (20) is simply rule (3) extended to final position and sharpened along the lines indicated in Chapter Three (see rule (30) there).
Case (b) is the rule that is involved in all of the other examples given above in connection with the discussion of rules (16)(17).
It asserts that a nonhigh vowel becomes tense before a single consonant followed by [i] or [e] or the corresponding glides, which must in tum be followed by another vowel.
Thus e E simultaneous, ArabArabian), but i does not convert to I (punctilious, Darwinian, reptilian, These observations support the decision to analyze the affix ion as /iVn/.
As we have already observed (p. 87), this decision is motivated by the placement of primary stress.
But if we consider the syllables that precede ion, we can give independent support for this conclusion.
Examples such as decision, revision suggest that the trisyllabic laxing rule (19b) must have applied; thus ion must be bisyllabic at this point.
The high vowel in the context C+ion does not then become tense by rule (20b) since this context is restricted to nonhigh vowels; thus we have a lax vowel in this position in decision, inhibition, etc.
But the first vowel of ation, being nonhigh, does become tense by (20b), giving [AtjIVn], which becomes [Asan] by processes that we discuss in Section 6. (Certain formatives with nonhigh vowels are lexically marked as excluded from this tensing rule; e.g., cede, as in tense nonhigh vowels are characteristic of the context CiV, as is clear from an We must require in rule (19b) that the vowel following the vowel to which the rule applies be specified as [stress], not just as having some weak stress.
This is clear from consideration of the variants of presentation, for example, discussed in Chapter Three (p. 161).
If the vowel in the second syllable has the specification [stress], so that it eventually reduces, then rule (19b) applies to the vowel in the first syllable and we derive seen (Chapter Three, pp. 14950) that there is a subsequent rule that tenses underlying luI in the context CV. (Notice, however, that this tensing of lu] does not take place before ish, Punish.flourish, nourish are the only relevant examples.) Similarly, abolish, stolid are not exceptions because the phonetic [iiI in the penultimate syllable derives from underlying 1::>1 (see rule (5».
Furthermore, squalid is not an exception, as we shall see in Section 4.3.7.
The adjectiveforming affix ish, as in swinish, loutish, is irrelevant here, 17 Recall again that formatives may fall into two categories with respect to these rules, according to whether or not the rules apply.
Thus, alongside of Abelian we have Maxwellian, and alongside of managerial we have perennial, etc.
Nonapplication of the rule can just as well be marked, as in orthography, by a double consonant. (Recall that clusters of two identical consonants simplifysee (156), p, 148, Chapter
Case (20b) often does not apply when the consonant following the vowel to be tensed is a liquid.
Thus we have valiant, batallion, clarion, Marion, secretarial, etc. (The reason that [I] is followed by [y] and [r] by [E] in these forms will be discussed in Section 6; for secretarial see p. 202.) 18 Comparison of simultaneity [sIm:llt:lnE:ltE] with variety [v:lrI:ltE] indicates that the underlying vowel following the [n] in simultanmust be leI, not IiI, so that the rule e >E will apply. (The occasionally heard variant [sIm:llt:lnA:ltE] is apparently a hypercorrect form.) We might account for the appearance of phonetic [E] in forms such as simultaneous (but not in courageous) by postulating an ad hoc rule which raises unstressed leI to [i] under certain conditions.
The vowel so raised, being high, will be subject to the Tensing Rule (20b) and then to Diphthongization (see rule (21) but not to Vowel Shift (see rule (43) and the comments there).
Formativefinal le! that does not undergo raising is elided by the eElision Rule of [pr~zantAsan]; if the vowel in the second syllable has the specification [+stress], so that it is rotected from reduction and eventually is marked [4 stress], then rule (19b) does not apply We must also require that the penultimate segment in the environment of (20b) be specified as [stress], for otherwise tensing would take place in the nonprimarystressed vowel of forms such as variety, with the result that the vowel would incorrectly be prevented Notice that rules (19) and (20) must apply in the order given.
Otherwise the forms that meet the contextual conditions of both rules (e.g., simultaneous, emaciate) will have lax rather than tense vowels in the phonetic representation.
Notice also that rule (19) can be combined with rule (8), which makes a vowel lax before a double consonant.
In discussing Auxiliary Reduction Rules in Section 14 of the preceding chapter, we observed that the rule stated finally as (118), which makes a vowel lax and unstressed under certain conditions, must precede various tensing rules, in particular, those that determine that the vowels in the boldface position of words such as commutation, commutative have tense vowels (see p. 124).
The Auxiliary Reduction Rule in question will fall together naturally with the Laxing Rule (19), and the rule that tenses the boldface vowel in these words will fall together with the Tensing Rule (20).
Thus the observations of the preceding chapter confirm the conclusion that the order is Laxing Rules first and then Tensing Clearly rules (19) and (20), which have opposite effects, are both needed in the grammar.
This is a minimum of reversibility that is inescapable.
Since, however, each of these rules is very simple in feature composition, this is not a disturbing or surprising fact.
Rules (19) and (20) allow us to account for the tenseness of the vowels that take part in the alternations of nonback vowels.
As we have seen, the quality of the underlying lax vowel must be given in the lexicon.
Still to be accounted for is the quality of the tense vowel and its diphthongization.
We are now proposing that [I], [E], [A] be represented simply as the tense vowels corresponding to fi], [e], [re] and that the specific quality of these tense vowels result from special rules, which in fact tum out to be rather simple.
It is a wellknown fact that English tense vowels are diphthongized or have offglides.
For the nonback vowels [i] and [e], the glide is [y] (that is, high, nonback, nonround); for the back vowels [ti] and [6], it is [w] (that is, high, back, round).
Generalizing these phonetic observations somewhat, let us simply give a rule of diphthongization to the effect that after any tense vowel, a high glide is inserted which agrees in backness with the vowel in question and is, furthermore, nonround if nonback and round if back.
Thus [y] is We now have rules giving the alternations iiy, eey, rerey, and we must add a rule which changes [i] to [a], [e] to [i], and [re] to [e].
Taking [a] of ray] to be [re] for the moment, we see that we need a rule which has the effect of (22): representations in (25) without application of any of the rules we are now considering :20 The forms of (23) then receive their final phonetic interpretation by the application of other phonetic rules which, except for the change of [rey] to ray], will not be considered here.
Suppose now that we wish to derive divinity, serenity, projanity.
In this case we have The initial forms are again from the lexicon.
The second line derives from the first line by the rule that makes stressed vowels lax when they are followed by a nonfinal unstressed syllable.
The full phonetic detail again follows by other rules that do not concern us now.
All of the cases that exemplify the I ~ i, E ~ e, A ~ re alternations are handled in Let us now turn to the cases that motivated the i ~ I, e ~ E, re ~ A alternations discussed in connection with rules (16)(17).
Consider the forms vary, manager, algebra.
The vowel in the final syllable of these words in isolation is derived directly from the lexical To derive the forms variety, managerial, algebraic, we proceed as follows: We will then have to add a rule converting [re] to [a].
The rule sketched in (22) we will call the Vowel Shift RuIe (it is, in fact, a synchronic residue of the Great Vowel Shift of Early
Modern English), and we will discuss it in detail in Section 4.3.
We return now to our original examples in order to see how these are handled bv the ruIes that have already been established here.
Consider first the alternations divIndivfnity, serEnserenity, projAnprojanity.
The underlying forms in the lexicon, as we have already noted, must be divIn, serEn,projAn, with a tense vowel in the second syllable.
We are now taking each capital letter to represent the tense vowel corresponding to the lowercase letter; that is, III = /ii, lEI = lei, IAI = lre/, in terms of phonological features.
Thus capitalization simply expresses tenseness, and this expository device used in the preceding chapters turns out to have systematic significance.l.
To derive the· forms divine, serene, profane in isolation, we apply the Diphthongization Rule (21) to the underlying forms that head the derivations of (23), giving the forms of the second line, to which we apply the Vowel Shift Rule, thus giving the forms of the third line: Notice, incidentally, how well the problem of representing the sound pattern of English is solved in this case by. conventional orthography.
Corresponding to our device of capitalization of a graphic symbol, conventional orth?graphy places the symbol e after the single consonant following this symbol ([e] being the only.vowel which does not appear in final position phoneticallysee Chapter Three, note 22).
In this case,.as In m~ny other cases, Eng~ish orthography turns out to be rather close to an optimal system for s~elhng Enghs.
I~ o.ther word.s, It turns out to be rather close to the true phonological representation, g~ven t?e nonlinguistic constr~Int~ that musybe met by a spelling system, namely, that it utilize a uni?1I~e~sl?nal linear :epresentatlOn Instead of the linguistically appropriate feature representation and that It limit Itself essentially to the letters of the Latin alphabet. (See also note 44, Chapter Two.)
By other familiar rules, not here relevant, we derive the full phonetic forms.
To appreciate further the scope and interplay of these rules, consider the class of polysyllabic words ending in ate, with the antepenultimate syllable rece~ving main stress (see Chapter Three, Section 4).
Consider, in particular, the character of this stressed vowel, Suppose first that m ;;:: I; i.e., there is at least one consonant before ate.
Suppose also that i = j 0; that is, the stressed vowel appears prevocalically.
Then rule (20a) will tense this vowel and the Diphthongization and Vowel Shift Rules will apply to it, giving Suppose now that j = 1; that is, at least one consonant appears directly after the stressed vowel.
Then rule (19b) will make the stressed vowel lax, and we will have, typically, Finally, suppose that m n 0 and i = j = 1; that is, there is a vowel directly before If, now, the stressed vowel is nonhigh and the following vowel is [i] or [e], the stressed vowel will become tense by rule (20b); hence it will be diphthongized and subject to the Vowel Shift Rule.
Thus we have tense vowels in the boldface position in words such as mediate, radiate, ingratiate (compare gratify, gratitude).
If, however, the stressed vowel in the context (28) is high or the vowel following it is not [i] or [e], then rule (20) will not apply, and the stressed vowel will remain lax and hence unaffected by Diphthongization or
Vowel Shift.
Thus we have conciliate, officiate, attenuate, insinuate, superannuate, etc.
These examples illustrate how a variety of forms can be generated by quite simple and general rules.
It is particularly important to note that by breakin.g the. alter~ati~n ru~es (13~, (16) into several steps and by accepting underlying representations In which Inv~nance.
IS violated (e.g., the second vowel in dioln, serEn, projAn), we have been able to aVOId the Intolerable consequence of stating (14) and (17) as entirely independent and precisely opposed rules.
In fact, the Vowel Shift Rule expresses just what is common to these two complex phonological processes, and the rules (19) and (20) express what differentiates them.
We
Actually, rule (20a) is applied to ~~ke the final vowel of vary tense, and ru!e (21) is ap~lied ~o diphthongize it.
As we have noted, theserules are needed quite apart from anything we ~re dls~uSSIn~ here.
The reason fornonapplication of the VowelShift Rule in this case and others (see (26) ~ willbe grven directly, We disregard here the problem of determining the tenseness of the vowel In the first syllable of have thus, in effect, extracted the Vowel Shift Rule as the generalization underlying both vowel to account for the stress on the final syllable in the isolated form), and the derivations As we shall see in Section 4.3, the effect of the Vowel Shift Rule on back vowels is precisely parallel to its effect on the nonback vowels (cf. (22)):
Types (a) and (b) are both found in the case of forms such as harmonyharmoniousharmonic.
In fact, the rules as given above largely accommodate these vowel alternations.
Consider the case of the formative harmon, If we enter this in the lexicon in the form Iharm;)n+1 (but see p. 193), we then have the following derivations: Finally, consider case (30c), which illustrates the alternation [.~w] [A]: Clearly the underlying form of profound must contain a tense liil in stress~d pOSItIOn, which by Vowel Shift and adjustment rules becomes [rew] or [awl, exactly as In the case of [l~wd] from underlying Iliid/.
In the word profundity, the tense liil is laxed by rule (19b), but Instead?f the expected [u] we have phonetic [A] in this position.
The grammar must therefore contain a rule turning [u] into [A].
We return to this rule on page 203.
Thus, we see that the major class of alternations of back vowels poses no pro~lems d is already accounted for by the rules we have given for nonback vowels.
Superficially, ::e nonback and back vowel alternations seem to differ, because in one case ,:,e ere, while in the other we have oa, instead of what would be the parallel form, 0;), but this is simply a consequence of the independently motivated rule (5).
In (22) and (29) above, we have summarized the effects of what is witho~t doubt the pivotal process of Modern English phonology, the Vowel Shift.
We must now give a formal It will be recalled that Vowel Shift operates after the tense vowels have been diphthongized by rule (21), which supplies the appropriate glides.
Asa result, it is neces.sary for the rule to account only for changes in the quality of tense vowels.
For convemence of The first line represents the lexical forms.
The rules of the transformational cycle assign stress in the manner indicated on the second line.
Rule (19) applies vacuously.
Rule (20b) tenses the boldface vowel of harmonious, which occurs before a single consonant followed by [iV].
The Diphthongization and Vowel Shift Rules then convert this tense vowel to its The derived form [harmon +ik] deviates from the actually attested pronunciation in the dialect under description.
In place of the lax [;)], the dialect has a tense [a], a fact which we have already provided for with rule (5).
We saw in Section 2 that this rule was needed to account for the position of. stress and the vowel quality in words such as reciprocalreciprocity, frfvowusfrivolity, demondemonic.
We now see that there is independent motivation for this rule, namely, to account for owa vowel alternations, as in harmoniousharmonic, for Vowel Shift (29) turns [5] in harmonious, which derives from Consider now the case of the alternation verboseverbosity, for example.
The word verbose will have the lexical entry given in the top line of (32) (with an underlying tense Hence, from the lexical entries Ip61/, pool, and Ig5lj, goal, we obtain [puwl] and [gowl], respectively, by Diphthongization (21) and Vowel Shift.
From the entry Iliid I, loud, on the other hand, we obtain [l5wd] instead of the required [lrewd] or [lawd], The latter forms will be obtained by special rules adjusting rounding (and, for some dialects, backness and tenseness) of vowels.
We postpone discussion of these adjustments until the next section; in the present section our aim is to extend to the back vowels the results of our survey of the effects of tenseness alternations (resulting from rules (19) and (20)).
Among the back vowels we find the following major types of alternations: The simplest account of these alternations is given by the following twopart rule :22 The first part of the rule applies to nonlow vowels only, with the result that originally high As noted above, the reflexes [ret and [5] of original [I] and [iiI a:e subject to further rules.<see (37), (~9), and (40) below) which adjust backness and rounding (and possibly tenseness) and result In the required 22 The rule as stated applies to tense vowels only; it wiIllater be extended to certain nontense vowe s see vowels become nonhigh while originally nonhigh vowels become high.
In tabular form the An exchange rule also constitutes the second part of the Vowel Shift Rule (34); it affects the nonhigh vowels in the bottom row of (35) and causes them to exchange the values assigned to the feature low.
In (36) we summarize the modifications in the tense vowels that are produced by Diphthongization (21) and Vowel Shift (34) jointly; In our presentation of the Vowel Shift Rule, we made a number of tacit assumptions which must now be stated explicitly and properly justified.
Several of these questions are of rather narrow scope; nevertheless, they must be dealt with.
Furthermore, Some fairly complex phenomena will fall into place rather naturally as we proceed. 4.3.1.1.
ROUNDING AND BACKNESS ADJUSTMENTS.
We have observed that low vowels before glides are subject to a great deal of dialectal variation which we will not attempt to deal with in any detail.P In the dialect that we are taking as a prototype, ride is phonetically [rayd] and loud is phonetically [lrewd], As noted above, the Diphthongization and Vowel Shift Rules give [rey] and [5w] as the reflexes of the high vowels [i] and [ii].
Further rules are then called for to give, finally, ray] and [rew] for the dialect in question.
Thus, in ride, the low vowel [re] resulting from Vowel Shift must subsequently become back, while the resulting low vowel [5] of loud must go from back to nonback, at the same The unrounding of the segment [5] resulting from Vowel Shift is quite general and
For some discussion of the matter, see Kurath and McDavid (1961) and Keysers review (1963).
It might be proposed that rule (37), because of its generality, be directly incorporated in the Vowel Shift Rule.
This could be done easily if we were to restate the rule as follows, using the angle notation of In discussing these facts in Section 3, we treated them as an instance of backness dissimilation contingent upon the backness of the glide.
For reasons that Will. become clea~ later (see rule (88) on page 215 and the discussion there), it is more app~opnate to treat this phenomenon as a shift in backness independent of the backness of the glide.
We therefore replace rule The second modification undergone by low vowels, as mentioned above, is that those which at this stage of the derivation are nonback appear as back in the output, whereas those that are back at this point in the derivation end up as nonback; that is: For dialects which have phonetic [awl in loud; cow, etc., instead of.[rew], we can simplify rule (39) by dropping the specification [oback] on the lefthan~ SIde of the arro,,: and replacing the [Clback] on the righthand side of the arrow WIth [:bac~].
For dialects such as we are discussing, which have phonetic [rew] in such words, Cl IS free ill (39), and we t dd a rule converting [rew] to [rew].
This process is actually somewhat more general.
Thus in many dialects we also find laxing of ray] to ray] (~nd, ill..some, raising 0 ~y 0
[Ay]) before nonvoiced segments (e.g., [rayt] or [rxyt] vs. [rayd], [layf] or [Ixyf] vs. [layv]).
These two cases of laxing can be accounted for by the supplementary rule (40) (where The central core of rules consists of rules (19) and (20), which determine tenseness, the Diphthongization Rule (21), and the Vowel Shift Rule (34) adjusted by rule (37).
The Vowel Shift Rule and rule (37) are quite general; the suppl.ementary ~~les (3~) and (40) are subject to much dialectal variation.
It is only the. true diphthongs (that IS, the low vowels followed by glides) that are subject to these adjustments..
Notice that underlying jiij becomes phonetic [rew] in the dialect we have. dIscu~sed.
Thus every feature of underlying jiij, aside from [+ vocalic] a.nd [:cons~nan~al], IS modified by the phonological rules.
This is an example of maximal VIOlatIOn of mvanance, as noted In Chapter Three (p. 152) we discussed another example of backness adjustment th~t converts [a] to [re], namely, in the boldface position of words such as Alabama, koala.
ThIS should presumably fall together with the process described by rules (39), (40b). high but also that if the vowel in question is back, it becomes nonround if ~t wa: hi~h (and remain~ roundif it was nonhigh), Thus, underlying 151 will remain round, but underlying luI Will be unrounde Although this formulationp,as some plausibility, we prefer, rather, to s:parate t e unroun mg a distinct process.
The reason is that in many cases unroundin~ takes plac: quite a?art fro~ Vow:1 Shlf~, and we will see below that rule (37) generalizes considerably In ways which are incompatible With this The first part of this rule now states not only that a nonlow tense vowel changes the value of the feature The diphthong [5y], which is the result of the diphthongization of an un er ymg ense vowe re,. 4.3.1.2.
ROUNDING Al\D STRESS.
As formulated above, the Vowel Shift Rule (34) applies t? all tense vowels, but there are certain restrictions that must be imposed. ~1fst, the Vowel S.hift Rule must not apply to [a] in/ather, Chicago, etc., for this vowel I~ not converted into the corresponding nonlow vowel.
The rule must therefore be restncted to the nonback vowels [i], [e], [re] and the back vowels [fi], [0], [5], that is, to the nonback vowels that are, furthermore, nonround, and to the back vowels that are round ([a] being back and nonround); i.e., the Vowel Shift Rule must be restricted soas OW] vs. [maDow].
Given the general predictability of stress, it would be very curious if a tertiaryzero stress contrast were phonologically distinct in this one position.
Consequently, it seems likely that the phonetic contrast in stress can be attributed to some phonological distinction of vowel quality.
The question arises, then, as to whether there is some vowel V* that does not appear phonetically in final position and that is similar in feature composition to [0] so that a simple rule will convert it to [0] when stressed.
If such a vowel is found, we can provide the grammar with the following rules: A se.cond a~justme~t necessary in the Vowel Shift Rule is motivated by examples such as varIOUS, uariety, which we considered above.
In both of these forms, we have occurrences of the tense vowel [i] at the stage of derivation at which the Vowel Shift Rul at IS, we ave at this stage the forms of (42) for various, variety, respectively: Of the t~ee occurrences of [i] i~ ~hese forms, only the one which is stressed undergoes Vowel Shift.
In general, we must limit the Vowel Shift Rule to tense segments which have the feature [+stress].
Tense vowels with the feature [stress] will be reduced to [a] exce t when they are prevocalic or final (see rule (20»; and in these positions they must be excluded Summarizing these adjustments, we can now give the Vowel Shift Rule in the nearly Notice that even weakstressed tense vowels will undergo Vowel Shift since they a re m the category• [+stress]. •For example, tense vowels in the context #C 0 C 0 V receIve secondary (?ltImately, tertiary) stress by the Auxiliary Reduction Rule discussed in Chapter Three, Section 14, and form~lated finally as (l20d) of that chapter.
The Auxiliary Reduction Rules precede th~ Vowel.
Shift R~e.
Therefore, we have Vowel Shift in the first syllable of ~o:ds such as Crimea,.~ram, reality, gradation.
Examples such as Siam, reality, incidentally, indicate.that the Auxiliary Reduction Rule assigning secondary stress must apply after the Tensing Rule (20), as noted on page 124 of Chapter Three.
The fact that the Vowel Shift Rule applies only to those tense vowels that are stressed enables us to give a.very simp~e account of a wellknown and otherwise quite mystifying phenomenon of English phonetics, namely, that there is, in many dialects, a contrast between ~~l zerostressed phonetic [ow], a~ in motto, and final tertiarystressed phonetic [ow], as in veto.
A consequence of the stress difference in these dialects is a contrast between the aspirated [t] of veto and the alveolar flap [D] of mottothus we have the phonetic contrast Then veto can be given the underlying representation /vetV*/, and motto the representation /m:lto/.
Rules (44), together with the rule (20a) tensing final vowels, the Diphthongization Rule (21), and a rule that turns /t/ into the flap [D] intervocalically before unstressed vowels Rules (44), however, are quite ad hoc and hardly preferable to a recognition of tertiary stress as phonologically distinctive in this position, strange as this conclusion would be.
One is naturally led, therefore, to try to select V* in such a way that rules (44) are independently motivated.
Suppose, in fact, that we were to take V* as phonological /:l/, so that veto is represented /vet:l/.
Then the final vowel of veto receives tertiary stress by rule (44a), is tensed by rule (20a), diphthongized by rule (21), and raised to [ow] by the Vowel Shift Rule.
Vowel Shift, as we observed, applies to vowels only if they have the feature [+stress]; thus, it will apply to the final vowel of veto but not to that of malta, given the above analysis.
Hence rule (44b) is superfluous and can be dropped from the grammar, leaving only the This improves matters.
However, we may still ask whether there is any independent justification for (45).
In fact, there is.
Notice, first of all, that final phonetic [:l] does not appear, for it would be reduced to [a] by the Vowel Reduction Rule, which applies to lax low vowels.
If [:l] were treated like [re] by the Tensing Rule (20a), we would expect to find back alternations analogous to algebraalgebraic; that is, we would expect to find pairs of the form [...
Coj]...
Cowik].
There are no such pairs (although we do have heroheroic, echoechoic, etc., with final [0]).
To explain this gap, we would need some rule that excludes final [:l]from the domain of the Vowel Reduction Rule.
But (45) does precisely this, and thus has some independent motivation.
Hence there is a quite simple and independently justified explanation Notice that rule (45) must precede the Tensing Rule (20a), so that the final vowel will English has three true diphthongs phonetically, namely, [ay] (ride), [rew] (loud), and [5y] (coin) (with their variants and several dialectal forms).
Of these, we have so far accounted only for the first two.
We now turn our attention to the phonological representation of Notice first that we have no vowelglide sequences in the lexicon so far since [rew] and [ay] derive from lil/ and li/, respectively.
Hence the lexical redundancy rules will be much simplified if we can represent [5y], too, as a monophthong V* on the lexical level.
The optimal solution would be to take y* as some vowel which :fills a gap in the phonological system and which is converted to phonetic [5y] by independently motivated rules.
In fact, this optimal To see this, observe that we do have the Diphthongization Rule (21) which inserts a glide after a tense vowel.
To account for the glide of [5y], we must, therefore, take V to be some tense vowel to which the yglide can be attached by rule (21).
Since a yglide is inserted by this rule only after a nonback vowel, we must take V to be nonback, which means it cannot be [o].
The vowel of phonetic [5y] is low and round; therefore, if we are to avoid adding new rules to the grammar, we must take the underlying vowel y* to be low and round as well.
We are thus led to the conclusion that V should be the tense, nonback, low, round vowel, that is, ere].
In further support of this conclusion is the observation that ere] in fact constitutes an otherwise unexplained gap in the phonological pattern, since the other three tense low vowels (namely, ere], [a], [5]) do appear in lexical matrices.
Suppose, then, that we take the form /kren/ as the underlying lexical entry for coin, thus :filling this gap in the phonological pattern.
By the Diphthongization Rule (21), /kren/ + [kreyn].
The Vowel Shift Rule, amended above as (43), applies only to vowels which are the same in backness and rounding.
Consequently, it does not apply to [re], which is round but nonback, just as it does not apply to [a], which is back but nonround.
We now require a rule which will convert ere] to [5], that is, a rule which makes this vowel back.
But we already have such a rule in the grammar, namely, rule (39), which, in effect, makes a tense low vowel back before a nonback glide; hence it converts ere] to [5], just as it converts ere] to [a], before [y].
Thus it turns out that the grammar already contains rules that account for [5y] from an underlying monophthongal segment ere], which, furthermore, :fills As we have noted several times, the segment ere] which underlies [5y] is not subject to laxing (e.g., in exploitative).
Thus we must either restrict the Laxing Rule, like the Vowel
Shift Rule, to segments which are the same in rounding and backness, or add a special adjustment to the Tensing Rule so that it always tenses [ee].
We have not yet accounted for the vocalic nucleus [yuw] that appears phonetically in words such as pure, cutaneous, accuse in the boldface position.
As in the case of phonetic [5y], which we discussed above, there is strong motivation for regarding this as phonologically unitary.
We need not concern ourselves about the final [w] of [yuw]; this will be introduced by the Diphthongization Rule.
The problem, rather, concerns the [y] preceding the vowel.
If this is not introduced by some phonological rule, then the underlying representations of words such as pure, cube must be of the form CGYC.
This conclusion would force us to give up several otherwise valid generalizations concerning consonantglidevowel quarry, et c., b u t excludes [y] in the position [w] of these words However, we have [y] in phonetic [Cyuw].
Case (b) excludes orms ~u~ as *nwist *nwell (atongslde of twist, dwell); but we have new ([nyiiw])27 and so.ontgu ar y with [+~asal] [y].
Case (c) explains the inadmissibility of *pwin, *bwell, mwist compare also case (b)), and so on, but would be falsified by pure, muse, abuse. (We shall see that case (c) need not be restricted to anterior consonants when we turn to a more caref~l study of glides.) Case (d) permits forms such as square, squint, squall, but not *stwa:e, *stwint, On the ther hand we have stew.fistula, and so on.
Case (e) excludes phonological forms s~ch as ti 1 by the Diphthongization and Vowel Shift Rules, while permitting phonological /kwer/, /kwIt/, which become [kwiyr] (queer), (kwayt] (quite), respective y. ut I wou contradicted by cube, accuse, and numerous other such forms. .
In short, consideration of lexical redundancy rules prov~des strong motivation for regarding phonetic [yiiw] as a reflex of some unitary phon?logIcal s~gment, and we shall see directly that there are other, independent sources for this c.onclusIOn. ider then , the question of whether there IS.some reason, apart from lexical redundancy rules, for adding to the grammar at some point the rule: .s some feature that differentiates the cases of high back vowels before which [y] :~r:e i~serted from those before which it will not be in~erted.
Notice that whether (47) f llows the Vowel Shift some such discrimination must be made.
There are certain lexical items that have high vowels, eit er ac. or n~n a ,  stemforming augments (see Chapter Three, pp. 12930).
Such items might be introduced The stemforming augment drops except before certain affixes.:: ous,. ate,. ity) by.an early rule (possibly a lexical rule).
Thus we have presidentpresidential (WIth [ti + Y] gomg Since contemporary English differs from its sixteenth or seventeenth century ancestor in the fact that it no longer admits phonological diphthongsi.e., sequences of tense low vowels followed by lax high vowelsin its lexical formatives, ere] is the proper representation for what historically was the.. diphthongal sequence [5y].
For further discussion of this point, see Section 5 of Chapter Six. that the different cases of (46), as usual, have marginal exceptions, e.g., ennui I. n~ f redundancy rules will not include the rules of (46) as given, but about formatives, and this is all that is necessary for the present generalizationsse.g., th e suffixes ent or and others are automatically followed by the augment [+i]. to [8+V] by rules that we describe in Section 6), proverbproverbial, habithabitualhabituate, perpetualperpetuityperpetuate, etc.
Our concern here is with the stemforming augment [+u].
But consider first its nonback analog [+i].
When unstressed, this vowel is tensed by rule (20) and appears as phonetic [iy], as in proverbial.
When stressed, it undergoes Vowel Shift after being tensed by rule (20) and appears as phonetic ray], as in sobriety, propriety.
This is straightforward in Consider now the stemforming augment [+u].
We would expect it to behave exactly as its counterpart does, that is, to become phonetic [ii] when unstressed and phonetic [ew] when stressed.
But this is not what we find; rather, in both stressed and unstressed positions we have [yuw] (ambiguous, ambiguity).
Thus stemforming [+u] is peculiar in two respects: it has a yglide inserted before it, and it does not undergo Vowel Shift where it How are these two facts related.
If they are to be related, there must be some segmental feature that is automatically assigned to stemforming [+u] (but not to certain other occurrences of [u] or [u]) that exempts it from the Vowel Shift while at the same time requiring rule (47) to apply to it, prefixing to it a yglide.
Notice that the augment [+u] is always prevocalic and therefore tensed by rule (20).
Rule (47) thus inserts a [y] before some tense vowel that differs from [u] in the feature \jt.
Apparently, then, the stemforming augment [+u] must be specified as [cx\jt], whereas [u] is [cx\jt].
We are then faced with the problem of determining \jt in such a way that when a high back vowel is [cx\jt], it is exempt from the Vowel Shift Rule.
If this is possible, then stemforming [+u] will not only be supplied with a preceding yglide by rule (47), but will also be excluded from the Vowel..We have already observed that for a tense stressed vowel to be exempt from Vowel Shift, It must not be the same in rounding and backness.
Since stemforming [+u] is tense and stressed in forms such as ambiguity (which are the crucial ones in this connection), we see that to be exempt from Vowel Shift it must be not [u] phonologically but rather the corresponding unrounded vowel [i] or the corresponding nonback vowel [TI].
But we know that the vowel in question receives a postvocalic ivglide, which is inserted by the Dipht~ongization Rule (21) only after back vowels.
Therefore the vowel must be back, namely, see, then, that the feature \jt must be round, and that the augment [+u] must receive the feature [round] which differentiates it from ordinary [u] and prevents it from undergoing Vo,:~l Shift when stressed and tensed.
Thus cx\jt in (47) must be [round].
It remains to establish the context for rule (49).
Recall that we have already discussed a rule that converts lui to [yuw] in words such as Neptune (see Chapter Three, Section 16).
This rule tenses lui, inserts a yglide in front of it and a wglide after it, and prevents it from undergoing Vowel Shift (as in neptunian, for example, which does not become
*[neptewnlsonj).
As we have already noted, this process applies in the context CV.
If we now generalize it to the context qv, it will apply to the stemforming augment [+u], which is always prevocalic.
We therefore restate rule (49) as (52): R~le (49) must precede the Vowel Shift RUle; rule (51) must follow the Vowel Shift Rule.
We Rules (S2), (SO), Diphthongization, and (51) now convert underlying lui to phonetic [yUw] in the boldface position of words such as cube, annual, Neptune, ambiguity.
Rule (S2) belongs together with the Tensing Rules (20).
Words such as menu, value, cue,fuel will be represented lexically as Imenue/, Ivrelue/, Ikue/, IfueI/.
We thus, incidentally, account for the fact that the first syllable in words such as menu, value, tissue, issue, nephew, sinew has a lax vowel.
Laxing here results from the application of rule (19b), the trisyllabic laxing rule (the only exception being Hebrew).
Phonetic contrasts such as cowcue, or foulfuelmule ( [frewl] [fyuwol], [myuwlj) do not require new phonological segments; rather, they result from the lexical contrasts Ik111 Ikue/, Iful/ Ifuell Imule/.
Words such as immune, commute, inure, cutaneous will be derived from the underlying forms limune/, IkN =mute/, linure/, The stemforming augments [+i] and [+u] may be represented phonologically simply as [back] and [+ back], respectively.
Augments are redundantly vocalic, high, and lax.
Rounding redundantly corresponds to backness for lax vowels.
The augments are tensed by rule (52) or (20a) and achieve their final phonetic forms (as [iy] or ray], or [yUw]) by other rules that we have already discussed.
Thus for a word such as ambiguity we will have Rule (52) is restricted to lax [u].
This is, in fact, a necessary restriction.
It prevents espousal lespiis+reI/, avowal lrevu+rell from becoming * [espyuwzol], *[ovyuwcl], for Notice that phonetic [yuw] cannot occur before a double consonant, since it can arise only by rule (52) (but see Chapter Five, note 3).
This excludes forms such as [myuwnt] or *[pyuwnd]; rather, the reflex of underlying lui in this position will always be [rew] (or raw]), There are certain redundancies involving phonological lui that deserve mention.
As is well known, labials do not occur after phonetic [rew]; that is, we have cube, dupe.fume, but no such words as *[krewb]\ *[dsewp], *[frewm].29 Actually, the restriction is more general: velars do not occur in this position either.
That is, we do not have such forms as This rule has long been familiar to students of the historical phonology of English; see, e.g., Jespersen (1909, Section 8.23): Before lip consonants we do not get the [[au]NC/MH] diphthong. *[drewk] or *[hrewg]alongside of duke or huge (from underlying IhugeJ).
We might account for these observations with a redundancy rule to the effect that: Thus noncoronal consonants will occur after luI only before vowels (in which case u _ U); they cannot occur before consonants because of the restriction on tense vowels before clusters
(see rule (8) and the related discussion on page 172).
Another phenomenon relevant at this point is illustrated by a comparison of forms such as tabletabulartabulate, constableconstabulary, angleangulartriangulate, fablefabulous, titletitular, miraclemiraculous, circlecirculate.
Evidently, in nouns and stems that are subject to derivational processes (see pp. 17374), phonetic [ytiw] appears in a final stop[l] cluster when certain affixes follow.
Thus we must have rules with the effect of (55): For the moment, let us simply take (55) as the required rule.
We see, then, that it will convert [trebl+rer] to [trebyuwl+rer].
The segment [re] of the latter form will be made lax by rule (19b) (which, as a result of the required ordering of the rulessee (57) belowwill apply when the representation is [trebul+ rer]).
We will have, then, [ttebynwlor] (tabular), contrasting with [teybl] (table), in which the segment [re] has become [ey] by Diphthongization and Vowel Shift, and the liquid has become syllabic by processes described in Chapter Three, pages 8586.
The other examples of this sort cited above can be taken care of in the
We already have a rule that inserts [y] before [i] (originally [u]), namely, (50).
This will give the following derivation for tabular, for example: Note that (56) does not insert a vowel before the [I] in words such as legislate because a continuant rather than a stop precedes the [I].
It also will not apply when [I] precedes suffixes such as: age (as in assemblage), which is phonologically [rege]; ify (as in amplify), which is phonologically [i+fik] (see Section
4.3.5, p, 201); the comparative and superlative (nobler, noblest) if we regard these as having the characteristic # boundary of elements adjoined by transformation at the stage when (56) applies; ance, ts, etc. (resemblance, capably) because of their phonological shape.
It does apply before the major affixes ate, al, ous, etc. (Note that oar is, with rare exceptions, simply the variant of al after [I ].) As noted above, however, it is only the nouns and stems subject to derivational processes to which this rule applies.
Thus it does not apply to agentive er (gambler, peddler, angler, contrasting with angular).
Notice that rule (56) might also be used to account for the occurrence of [ya] in nouns ending in [I] followed by a, us, um (e.g., formula, modulus, curriculum) as an alternative to considering this to be an inherent vowel.
This is plausible since it would account for the overwhelming predominance of [U] .
Another possibility: for all such cases, is to regard the [u] as an inherent vowel in the lexical entry, dropping rule (56).
We see little to choose between these alternatives, and will simplycontinue,arbitrarily
This derivation seems accurate for fairly careful speech, in which the medial vowel is rounded.
Suppose, however, that we wish to account for the variant [tebyolcr].
We might add a special ad hoc laxing rule such as (59), which would apply only to this vocalic nucleus and would This rule would subject the medial vowel of tabular to the Vowel Reduction Rule, which applies to minusstressed lax vowels (see Chapter Three, rule (121), p. 126), so that the derivation (58) would terminate with [trebyalar].
The same rule would apply in forms such as commutation, accusation, where [U] derives from an original bs], giving [kamyatAsan], [rekyazAsan] as possible variants.
Recall that in these words we have commute, accuse at the termination of the first cycle, but in the second, wordlevel cycle the vowel in the second syllable becomes [stress] by the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (118) of Chapter Three (which falls together with (57b) above) after the various stress placement rules have applied.
Rule (57c) makes this vowel [+tense], permitting jglide insertion by (57d).
The application or non application of (59) will therefore determine whether the phonetic form is [kamyot.Asan] There is more to the matter of reduction of [U] than these remarks indicate.
Thus we have reduction in the boldface position of nature, fortune, communal, as well as (optionally) in the examples given above, but not in Neptune, commune, for example.
However, we have not been able to determine precisely what the correct form of (59) should be.
Of the rules listed in (57), all are rules of wordlevel phonology.
In view of the uncertain status of VCI as a strong cluster (see Chapter Three, pp. 83, 140, and note 82), we have placed (57a) (= (56» before the stress rules.
We know that the underlying form of miraculous, for example, must be Imirrekl+<ls/.
The position of main stress in the noun miracle indicates that the second vowel is phonologically lax.
Thus, if IVklj is a weak cluster, the vowel [u] must be inserted in the second cycle prior to the application of the stress rules, or we would derive miracutous.
If IVkll is a strong cluster, there is no such compelling need to impose this ordering, but it does not result in any incorrect forms.
Since the Laxing Rule (57b) (= (19» depends on the position of stress, it must follow the stress assignment rules.
Rule (57c), which tenses the inserted segment [u], must also follow the stress assignment rules or we will derive miraculous.
Therefore the ordering of the rules is determined by several considerations to be as in (57), with the rules of stress assignment Summarizing, we see that there is good evidence to support the conclusion that all of the English vocalic nuclei that we have so far considered are phonologically monophthongal.
Ph~netic [iy], [ey], ray], [trw], [ow], [sew] (with their various dialectal and stylistic variants) denve from underlying lei, lrel, Iii, 10/, IfJ/, lii/, respectively, by Diphthongization, Vowel Shift, Rounding Adjustment, and Backness Adjustment.
Phonetic [a] (which may have an offglide which we discuss in Section 4.3.6) derives from underlying lal, which does not undergo Vowel Shift.
Phonetic [fJy] derives from underlying lfil, the fourth possible low vowel, by Diphthongization and Backness Adjustment (Vowel Shift being inapplicable).
Phonetic [yiiw] (or [yaD derives from underlying lui in the context ClaV.
We can then preserve the generalizations regarding consonantglide strings illustrated in (46).
The rules of this section account for alternations such as tabletabular; the occurrences of phonetic [yiiw] in forms such as ambiguous, ambiguity, instead of phonetic [iiw] (paralleling the [iy] of proverbial) or phonetic [ew] or [awl (paralleling the ray] of sobriety); the occurrence of phonetic (yfiw] as a reflex of phonological lui infume, cutaneous, and so on; the occurrence of phonetic [rew] or [awl as a reflex of underlying liil in profound, mountain, pound, and the impossibility of phonetic (yfiw] in these positions; the impossibility of phonetic [ew] or The rules summarized in (57) account for a few other apparently exceptional phenomena.
For example, Jespersen remarks (1909, Section 4.73): the three syllable rule [our rule (19b)NC/MH] does not apply to [iu] F u (or Latin u); and cites, among other e~amples: credulity, community, obscurity, lunacy, scrutiny.
These examples now fall together with such apparent counterexamples to trisyllabic laxing as mediate, radiate, ingratiate (see p. 185).
In all cases we have laxing by rule (19b) and subsequent tensing (by (52) in the case of [u]; by (20b) in the other cases).
In the same way we account for the tenseness of the first vowel in words such as mutual, usual, uvula.
Similarly, the fact that [U] does not reduce ~o [a] in commutation, communism, etc., as noted in Section 14 of Chapter Three (see p. 122), IS a consequence of the Tensing Rule that applies after the Auxiliary Reduction Rule which vowel of the second syllable must be lax in the phonological representation, as we can see from the position of main stress in the simple form.
The fact that we have a tense vowel in this position in the derived forms is explained by rule (52).
There is one problem in this analysis of [yiiw] that must stillbe dealt with, however.
Consider words such as avenue, revenue, residue, continue, which terminate with [yiiw] (or, in the case of residue, with [duw], in some dialects, for reasons that we will discuss in Section 6).
As m~tters now sta~d, the underlying lexical representation must be lrevVnue/, IrevVnue/, Ire=sldue/, Ik;>N=tmue/. (In the case of residue, the medial vowel might be tense; the = boundary is required to account for the voicing of [s], as we shall see in Section 5.) But the stress placement rules, as given in the last chapter, will assign to these words the stress contours *avenue, *revenue, residue, continue.
That is, in the case of the three nouns, the Main Stress Rule (Chapter Three, rule (102), p. 110) will exclude from consideration the final lax vow~l lei and assign primary stress under case (i) to the syllable before the weak cluster lui; and m the verb continue, the primary stress will be placed by case (i) of the Main Stress Rule Within the framework so far developed, we can account for this arrangement of facts only by treating the source of final [yiiw] in these words as a weak cluster, that is, as a string of the form VC~ ; if the words avenue, revenue, residue, continue are represented as lrevencpl, IrevencpI, Ire = sidcpI, Ik;>N =tincpI, where cp is a weak cluster, then the stress contours will be assigned in the correct way.
In the case of avenue, revenue, the final weak cluster rp will then be omitted from consideration under condition (b) of the Main Stress Rule, and primary stress will be placed on the first syllable of the residual string, its second syllable being weak.
In the case of residue, the final cluster cp will be omitted from consideration in the same way, and primary stress will be placed on Isidl, the = boundary preventing stress assignment to lse] under case (i).
Under condition (c), the Stressed Syllable Rule primary stress is shifted to the left, giving [re e sido], the string [=sidcp] being omitted from consideration, as is permitted by this rule.
The other rules then give the form [r~zad(Y)iiw], as required.
The verb continue will receive primary stress on the second syllable in the usual way, under condition (e) of the Main Stress Rule, by case (i), which places stress before the The analysis presented earlier failed because cp was not a weak cluster, but was rather the phonologically bisyllabic element lue/.
We must therefore revise this analysis in such a way as to assign the words in question a weak cluster in the position of cp.
There are two ways to achieve this result.
The first would be to take cp to be not luel, as before, but rather [az], where [s] is the glide corresponding to [e], that is, the segment with the features [vocalic], [consonantal], [back], [high], [low].
This decision requires only one change in the rules given earlier: we must rephrase rule (52) so that [u] becomes [i] in the context CIa [consonantal], that is, before a vowel or a glide.
Since this is a simplification of the rule, we would make the modification in any event.
Furthermore, we have already had occasion to make use of Igl in the lexicon (see Chapter Three, Section 16, p. 161).
The second alternative is to take cp to be lui, and to modify rule (52) so that it converts [u] to [i] either in the context CIa [consonantal] or in the context #.
Under this modification, cp will be a weak cluster and stress will be assigned properly.
We see little to choose between these alternatives.
Rather arbitrarily, we will accept the assumption that lugl is correct, for expository purposes, leaving a more principled Notice that we can regard all instances of final luel as lug/.
We have made use of the bisyllabic character of luel for only one purpose, namely, laxing of the first vowel in value, tissue, etc.
But quite apart from the analysis of [yuw], we would have to give the context for trisyllabic laxing in the simplest form: qC+) [+s~ess] Cor consonantal]; and in this form, it applies to the first vowel of [vrelus], etc.
Notice also that the choice of lugl requires a complication of condition (b) of the Main Stress Rule, which omits from consideration a final string of the form cp[ tconsonantalj., where cp is an unstressed lax vowel or glide (see p. 133).
To cover the case [us], we must replace cp[ tconsonantaf], by cp { A form such as [re=sidug] falls under the second of these conditions in two ways, first with the omitted string being [us] and second with the omitted string being [s].
If the rules are to apply properly, these two cases must be disjunctively ordered and the first must apply before the second.
This is provided for by our present system of notations.
Notice that cp[ vocalic]6 is an abbreviation for two cases, cp[ vocalic] and cp, applying in that order.
Since [us] falls under the first of these, the second will never apply to the forms in question.
Notice also that in a derived form such as residual, no further rules are needed.
Thus we begin the second cycle with the representation [re e sidusjsel].
Primary stress is placed before the weak cluster [us] under condition (a) of the Main Stress Rule (the Affix Rule), giving [re e siduejrel].
The string [us] becomes [yiiw] in the usual way, and [s] elides before a boundary by the eElision Rule.
By other familiar processes, we derive In short, by simplifying rule (52) (dropping one feature) and replacing final luel by lusl (either in lexical representations or by a redundancy rule), we derive just the required
We might mention a few other minor tensing rules that belong together with rule (52).
There is some evidence that we should add the rules in (60) at this point: Rule (60a) accounts for the appearance of a tense vowel in forms such as angel and lounge, which would otherwise contradict rule (8).
Notice that lunge, sponge cannot be derived from underlying Ilunge/, Ispunge/, respectively.
We shall see below in Section 4.3.7 that they can be derived from an underlying representation containing lax 101 in stressed position.
Rule (60a) will also account for contrasts such as angelangelic from underlying lrengel/.
In angel in isolation, stress is placed on the first syllable, which is tensed by rule (60a) and then undergoes Diphthongization and Vowel Shift in the usual way.
In angelic, (60a) does not apply, and we derive [renJelik].
The same rule explains the tense vowel in range, strange, etc. (from underlying Irrenge/, Istrrenge/, respectively).
Tense vowels are not, in general, to be expected before this cluster.
Notice, incidentally, that formatives with phonetic [... ren}... ] are extremely rare (examples beingfiange, gange, and, with formative boundary, tang+ent).
This fact is explained by rule (60a).
The cluster [nJ] will arise only from Ingel by Velar Softening (see Section 6), and, when lrel precedes this cluster under stress, it will be tensed by rule (60a), with the exceptions noted.
Rule (60b) is needed to account for alternations such as telescopetelescopictelescopy, Consider the underlying vowel of scope.
From the position of stress in telescopy, we know that this vowel must be lax.
From the form telescopic, we know that the underlying vowel of scope must be either 1;:>1 or 101, since our study of back vowel alternations has shown that these are the only vowels that give rise to phonetic [a] before ic.
Since the underlying vowel has already been determined to be lax, it must therefore be 1;:>/.
But this leaves the problem of accounting for the form telescope, where the phonetic reflex of this vowel is [ow].
This phonetic form can derive only from [5], by Diphthongization and Vowel Shift.
Therefore we need a rule tensing 1;:>1 in some position.
It cannot be that 1;:>1 is tensed to [5] in the context C#, as we can see from words such as cot, stop, where the 1;:>1 remains, to become [a] in a manner we have already discussed.
The only possibility, then, is to make use once again of the rule of eElision in final position, and to take the underlying representation to be The same rule might also be used to account for contrasts such as photograph (with [ow] in the first syllable) versus monotone (with [a] in this syllable).
In both cases it seems that the underlying vowel can only be 1;:>/.
The distinction, then, can be in terms of a lexical opposition [±rule (60b)], which appears to be quite idiosyncratic from a synchronic point We have so far restricted the Vowel Shift Rule to tense vowels.
By exte~ding It to certain lax vowels, we can account for several other phenomena, some margmal, some Consider first the nonback high vowel [i].
If this were to un~ergo Vo:vel ~hift, It would become [te], just as [i] becomes [re]. (We continue to restrict Dlphthongrz~tIon and Backness Adjustment to tense vowels, so that the alternation [i]:[re] fo~ la~ vowels IS par~llel to the alternation [l][ay] for tense vowels.) The alternation [1] [re] IS, III fac~, found III a certain class of irregular verbs in English, e.g., sitsat, singsang.
These ~erbs will be marke~ in the lexicon as belonging to a special lexical category, and by ConventIon 2, pag~ 173, this lexical category will be distributed as a feature of each segment of t~ese verbs, III the ap. t t t Thus in particular the vowel of sit will have a certain feature [+ F] when it is in the syntactic context past. (Past is deleted after deternu~I~g the c~tegory of t e lexical item and, in consequence, the distinctive feature composition of ItS s~~ents.) We can then account for the alternation that gives the past tense form by permrttmg the Vowel Shift Rule to apply also to vowels in the following specially marked contextr Thus we can find a small subregularity in the class of irregular verbs by generalizaticn of Extension of the Vowel Shift Rule to the context (61) also enables ~s to account ~or the alternation satisfysatisfaction.
The form underlying satisfy clearly contains the format~ve fy which we also find in ramify, clarify, etc., and, presumably, it al~o contains the.formatlve hich has the underlying representation Isret/· The underlymg representatIOn of fy must be lfik/.
In forms such as clarification, the vowel of this ormative w.. ere uc [a] by the processes described in Chapter Three: Section 1.4.
In final pOSItIOn, the [k] IS dropped by the ad hoc rule (62), which also applies to multiply, etc.
When the vowel of fy remains tense, it becomes phonetic lay] by the DiphthongizatIOn and These remarks are quite general.
We apply them now to the special case of satisfy, In isolation, this form emerges from the stress cycle WIth the rep~esentatIOn [sret+is+fIk].
By rule (19b), the trisyllabic case of the Laxing Rule, the vowel [re] becomes [e].
The Diphthongization and Vowel Shift Rules convert [i] to lay], and rule (62) drops the ret+iVn/.
The lexical item satisfy belongs to the large class of irregular ve~bs that d.ro the lrel of l+ret+1 in the derived forms (receivereception, reducereduction, desc~Ibe­ descriptive etc.) This gives the form [sret+is+fik+t+iVn].
The stress cycle now Yle:ds [s~t+is+fik+t+iVn].
In Section 2 we observed that English phonology contains ment of the lexical items that do not belong to the category [+ F] ~e~~:~~::i~I~:;:~:~O~!Fi~~;t~e~ the extended Vowel Shift Rule will apply only to the appropriate rule. (8), which makes vowels lax before consonant clusters, as a special case of the general L~~g Rule. ~s noted th~re, this rule is not a lexical redundancy rule which applies only WIthin formative boundaries, but rather a phonological rule which applies to any tense v0v.:el followed by a consonant cluster, in particular, to the vowel [i] of [sret+is+:fIk+ t+IVn].
Furthermore, [re] becomes lax by rule (19), as in satisfy in isolation.
If, now, we assign satisfy (or, perhaps, the formative fy) to the category [+ F], along with sit, sing, etc., in their past tense forms, then the Vowel Shift Rule, now extended to the context (61), will apply, giving [sret+is+frek+t+iVn], which becomes [sretisfreksan] by rules to be discussed In short, to account for the superficially unique [aY][re] alternation of satisfysatisfaction, we need only assign satisfy to a certain subclass of irregular verbs that receive the feature [+ F].
Once again, we can extract a subregularity from what appears to be a Certain other irregular phenomena can also be brought into the scope of the Vowel Shift Rule in the same way.
Consider, first, forms such as retentive, retention, content, exemplary, biennial.
In each case the vowel in boldface has undergone an exceptional change from expected [re] to phonetic [e].
Thus the vowel of tain, for example, becomes lax by rule (8) before the double consonant in the derived forms.
But the underlying vowel is /re/ (which, when it remains tense, becomes ley] by Diphthongization and Vowel Shift, as in retain, contain); hence the corresponding lax vowel should be [re].
To account for the fact that we have [e] in place of [re] in these words, we can assign the formative tain to the category [+ F].
It will thus fall under the Vowel Shift Rule, extended to the context (61), after the vowel becomes lax by rule (8).
Since the Vowel Shift Rule converts [re] to [e] we We can use the same device to take care of the Ae alternation noted in the preceding chapter.
As we observed there (see (142), page 136), underlying /re/ becomes [e] in the affix ary in words such as secretary, secretarial.
Since a form of laxing is involved, it is reasonable to combine this with the Laxing Rule (19), as a special case.
Thus the Laxing Rule appropriately extended to ary, will convert this /re/ to [se].
If we now assign to ary the Ieature [+ F], the Vowel Shift Rule will convert [re] to [e].
Notice that Tensing will n6t apply According to (43), Vowel Shift applies to vowels that are [+stress] and [+tense].
In (61)!e extended Vowel Shift to vowels marked with the diacritic feature [+ F].
By our Conventions, these two contexts must be conjunctively ordered.
Consequently, if a vowel satisfies both (43) and (61), it will undergo Vowel Shift twice.
Thus, for instance, a tense stressed [re] which is also marked [+ F] would first be turned into [e] by virtue of (43) and subsequently into [i] by virtue of (61).
The cases we have examined up to this point have all contained nontense vowels and were hence subject to only a single application of the Vowel Shift Rule.
There are, however, instances where Vowel Shift does appear to apply twice; for example: dou.bl~ application of Vowel Shift gives clear [kllyr] from underlying /klrer/ (cf. clarzty).
SImilarly, verbs such as riserose and taketookrequire double application of the Vowel Shift Rule in their past tense forms.
If we take the present tense form as the underlying form, we must assign the lexical representations /riz/, /trek/, respectively, which gi:e. [rayz], [teyk] in the usual way.
To derive the past tense forms, we first apply a rule shifting backness and rounding, which is widely applicable to irregular verbs and other Observe th~t e~tension of the ~owel Shift Rule to certain occurrences of lax [i] amalgamates entirely unrelated historical processes which have fallen together synchronically in English (see (36), Chapter Six). irregular forms and which we shall discuss later.
This gives [rtiz], [tok].
Diphthongization and Vowel Shift give [rowz], [towk].
Finally, reapplication of the Vowel Shift Rule gives the forms [rowz], [tuwk].33 We can readily account for this double application of Vowel Shift by marking all such forms as [+ F].
If the stressed vowels so marked are also tense, the Let us turn now to the case of the lax, high, back vowel [u].
Suppose that we were to add (63) as a context for the Vowel Shift Rule: In this context, the first part of the Vowel Shift Rule would apply, with the result that [u] would be converted to [0].
The second part of the Vowel Shift Rule would not apply to this newly formed segment, however; [0], not being [+ tense], [+ F], or [+ high], does not meet the conditions for application of the Vowel Shift Rule.
We have seen that the Rounding Adjustment Rule (37) applies to the vowel [5] which results from underlying /u/ by Vowel Shift, so that original /u/ becomes phonetic raw].
If we extend this rule to [0] arising by Vowel Shift from [a], then the rule will convert [0] to its nonround counterpart [A] (i.e., to the lax vowel which is [high], [low], [round]).
We will see, in fact, that the Rounding Adjustment Rule is even more general than this.
With this extension, underlying /u/ will become phonetic [A] by Vowel Shift and Rounding Adjustment, whereas underlying /u/, which undergoes both stages of the Vowel Shift, as well as Diphthongization and Rounding
Adjustment, becomes phonetic [aw](or [ew], with further Backness Adjustment and Laxi~g).
Thus, extension of the Vowel Shift Rule to the context (63), and a corresponding extension of Rounding Adjustment, will convert [a] to [A].
In fact, as we have already noted in connection with the alternationprofoundprofimdity (30c), there is good evidence that this process exists as a part of English phonology.
Notice further that phonetic [u][A] contrasts are very rare in English, and in many contexts they are not found at all.
Thus, for example, although we have words such as fund, duct, lung, bunt (phonetically, [fxnd], [dxkt], [lAIJ],
[bxntj), we could not have words with the phonetic forms *[fund], *[d~kt], [luij], *[bunt].
These forms are inadmissible in the English dialects that we are studying and must be excluded by appropriate rules.
The Vowel Shift Rule and the extensions just mentioned have , just the required effect, converting /fund/ to [fAnd], etc.
We ~an :h~s account for the lac~ of contrast and, at the same time, preserve the symmetry and simplicity of the system of lexical representations, which will contain, among lax vowels, only those which are [back],
[round] (li/, [e], Ire/) or [+ back], [troundl (luI, /0/, j;)f).
The Vowel Shift Rule, as just formulated, will convert all cases of phonological /u/ to phonetic [A].
But clearly there are cases of phonetic [u] in the langua~e (e.g:, push, pu~l, bushel, bull); that is, there are residual cases of contrast or near contrast involving phonetic [u] and [A].
Phonological lu/ thus gives rise to phonetic [A] by the Vowel Shift Rule, and to phonetic [u] when the Vowel Shift Rule does not apply.
The representation [tiiwk] becomes [tuk] by a fairly general rule that applie~ to [iiw] in various ~ontexts, in particular k, before rule (62).
Apart from the word spook and vanous.slan~ forms, which often break lowlevel rules, all of the forms with phonetic [Iiwk] derive from underlymg luI.
On page 168, we noted that it is possible for the value~ of all of the feat~res ~f an underlying vowel to be changed in its phonetic representation.
The example given was underlymg luI, which becomes [reI in some dialects.
Now we have another example, namely, underlying lrel, which becomes [u] in taketook In Section 4.3.4 we dealt with a very similar problem.
There we wanted to find a tense, high, back vowel which did not undergo Vowel Shift and could serve as the source for [yuw], We saw that the proper choice was the unrounded vowel corresponding to [ti], that is, the vowel [i], which is immune to Vowel Shift because it is not the same in backness and rounding.
This vowel itself derives from underlyingjuj by rule (52), which tenses and unrounds [u] in the context CfiV.
The vowel [i] finally becomes [ii] by the late Summarizing the phonetic variety of underlying high back vowels, we have the following situation.
The tense phonological segment jiij always undergoes Vowel Shift.
In the cases so far considered (there will be a slight extension below), this gives phonetic [awl or [rew], depending on dialect.
The lax phonological segment juj beco~es phonetic [yiiw] when it is in the context qv; it remains phonetic [u] (after unroundrng and compensating rounding) when it is in the contexts of (66); elsewhere it undergoes the first stage The analysis of [ytiw] suggests a way of providing for phonetic [u].
Suppose that we All that is necessary, then, is to specify the contexts for rule (64) in such a way that it covers all words with phonetic [u].
Investigation of the examples suggests the following formulation: Rule (66) unrounds juj when it is preceded by a non nasal labial segment and folloied either by [11] or final [I] or by [s] or [6].
Case (a) applies in the boldface position in such words as pullet, pulley, bullet, bullock, pull.full, We know, in the first four cases, that the medial cluster is double [I] by the fact that juj does not become [i] by rule (52) (and, finally, [yiiw]), as would happen in the context CV.
Case (b) of the rule applies in words such as bush push, bushel, butcher.
Notice that the occurrences of phonological juj that are unrounded by rule (66) (or rule (52» will be phonetically round, and those that remain round because rule (66) (or rule (52» does not apply will be phonetically nonround, that is, [A].
Rule (66) is a lexical redundancy rule; it precedes all phonological rules.
It does not cover several exceptional cases of unrounding; for example, put, pudding, puss, cushion.
These must be listed in the lexicon, either as purely idiosyncratic or by an extension of rule (66).
Thus, insofar as there is a marginal phonetic [u][~ontrast, there is a marginal There are various other problems connected with these cases; for example, the absence of tensing of juj in budget, butcher, and bushel (which suggest that the stressed vowel is followed by a double consonant) and the inapplicability of (66) to words such as budge, budget, and fudge, which can be accounted for either by limiting (66) to segments preceding voiceless palatoalveolars only, or by assuming that the lexical representation corresponds to the spelling, in which case (66) will be automatically blocked.
We are now in a position to account for a defect in the Diphthongization Rule, formulated as (21) in Section 4.1.
This rule introduces a glide after a tense vowel, the glide being [w] if the vowel is back and [y] if the vowel is nonback.
Thus, [i], [e], [re], [~] receive a yglide, and [ii], [0], [il], [a] receive a ivglide.
This assignment is appropriate for all cases except [a], where it is clearly incorrect.
For example, father and Chicago do not become phonetic *[fawo;lr], *[s;lkawgow], respectively; rather, [a] receives a centering glide of some sort or a feature of extra length (with various dialectal differences that do not concern us We may account for this phenomenon by adding the following supplement to the If we then generalize rule (51) so that it rounds [i] as well as [i], we will have the derivations Thus Diphthongization will convert [a] to [awl, and rule (67) will convert [awl to [au].
The first part of the Vowel Shift Rule, followed by the Rounding Adjustment Rule discussed in the preceding section, will then convert [au] to [iiA], just as jpunj is converted to [pxn].
Th~s father, Chicago, which are lexically represented as /faoVrj, jsVkago/,.are ~onverte~ ultimately to [faAo;lr], [s;lkaAgow].
The phonetic interpretation of [iiA] vanes WIth the dialect, as does the phonetic interpretation of the other complex vocalic nuclei.
Thus [aA] may represent [a] followed by a centralizing glide (a mid central vowel) or simply extralong [a]; or the offglide may be dropped and [aA] will not be distinguished phonetically from [a].
In Section 2 we presented rule (5), which converts underlying /.,j to phonetic [a], as in cot, stop.
This rule falls together with the Rounding Adjustment Rule and therefo~e comes after Vowel Shift in the ordering of the rules.
The segment [a] formed by rule (5) WIll not be diphthongized and will contrast with the phonetic [aA] that comes from origi~al ja~.
Thus we have such contrasts as fatherbother ([fiiAo;lr][bao;lr]), from underlying jfaoVr//b.,oVrj, and rajahRoger.
For essentially the same reasons, we will have.l~ngth contrasts as in balmbomb, starrysorry, with the shorter of the two paired vowels den:mg from/.,j by rule (5). (The source of [al\] in these items will be discussed in the next section.) In dialects in which [al\] is interpreted phonetically as [a], the contrast will not appear.
To complete the discussion of the system of English vocalic nuclei, we must account for the phonetically low tense vowels: [5] as in lawn, audacious; [a] as in spa, bal:n; and, for some dialects, [re], as in can, meaning receptacle (as opposed to can meamng The distribution of [re] varies from dialect to dialect, but in each dialect almost all cases are predictable from underlying [e], which tenses in positions determined by lexical ~ateg~ry or by the following consonant.
The few cases that cannot be predictedv must be listed ill the lexicon as involving a highly marginal subclassification of [re] in certain monosyllabic morphemes.
The case of [5] is less marginal and more important.
In words such as laud brawl it appears that [5] must come from some tense vowel that does not undergo Vowel Shift.
We must therefore find a vowel V* which is not subject to Vowel Shift and is later converted to [5] by rules which are, as far as possible, independently motivated.
The obvious proposal is to take V~ to be [a}; since this vowel is different in backness and rounding, it does not undergo Vowel Shift, and It can be converted to [5] by a late rule of Rounding Adjustment of which we have already found many examples.
This proposal is strengthened by the observation ~h~t [a] has, otherwise, an extremely restricted distribution in lexical entries.
In particular, It IS excluded from monosyllables.
Thus there are no such forms as *[liiAn] contrasting with [l5m] (lawn),35 or *[brlW] contrasting with [br5A1] (brawl).
This fact permits us to derive phonetic [5] i~ monosyllables from underlying la/.
We therefore add rule (68), which will fall together With the other Rounding Adjustment Rules, as we shall see.
Thus the word laud, for example, will have the following derivation: Roun~ing Adjustment applies twice to give the final line of (69), once to [a] by case (68), roundm~ the tense vowel, and once in the manner described in the preceding section unroundmg the lax [0] that derives from [u] by Vowel Shift.
We thus are assuming that the vowel of laud, brawl has a centering/glide, like the ~oldface vowel of father, Chicago.
Again, we are limiting ourselves to the phonetics of a single, prototype dialect, passing over much phonetic detail and dialectal variation that are W: have already noted quite a few cases of Rounding Adjustment following the Vowel Shift Rule.
We will summarize~the various cases in Section 4.3.8.
In order to achieve maxim~ generalization in the formulation of this rule, we will want to extract from the rule t~e ~artIcUlar contexts that restrict its various special cases.
In particular, we will want to elin~lOate from (68) the restriction to monosyllables, which will be unique to this case.
The ObVIOUS way to achieve this result is by a lexical redundancy rule that exempts lal f roun mg a justment ill polysyllables (e.g, father, Chicago, restaurant).
We therefore add the ~ule (70) (where n is the number of the rule that roundsral after the Vowel Shift Rule as a special case of Rounding Adjustment, i.e., the rule temporarily formulated as (68)): For example, in our prototyps, dialect, the vowel in monosyllabic adjectives ending in Cd] e g Ised] ( d) Of course, we may have sU~h forms from phonological 10/, which goes to [iiI by rule (5).
Thus words such as conch.fond, pot must be given,the representations lkonc/, Ifond/, Ipotjin their lexical entries.
Forms such as spark, spar, spa have underlying ere], as we shall see directly, We have now accounted for the cases of phonetic [5] in monosyllables, but we must still find a source for the vowel in the boldface position of audacious, claustrophobia, mulligatawny, etc.
An interesting fact regarding this vowel is that in polysyllables it is in ~omp~e­ rnentary distribution with phonetic raw] or [jew], that is, with the reflex of phonological I~/.
The latter appears only in the context [+ nasal] C, as in council, countenance, mountain, scoundrel, mountebank, and in the context V in some dialects, as in Howell, dowel (contrasting with howl,foul).
Typi,cally, [5] doe,S not app,ear ~~ the~e contexts and raw] ~r [ew] does not appear elsewhere ill polysyllabic Iormatives.
This fact suggest,s that ill polysyllables phonetic [5] may derive from underlying liil, just as [~w] or [re~] denves,from lii/.
This is quite plausible on other grounds, since [5] is,,in,fa~t, an illte:medI~te stage ill t~e derivation of raw] (or [rew]) from lii/.
Recall that after It IS diphthongized, lui becomes [0:>] by Vowel Shift and then becomes [a] by Rounding Adjustment.
T~?erive.[5] f~om underlying [ii], then, it is necessary only to arrest the liil 7 [5] : [a] transIt~on at ItS nu~dle_stage, permitting Vowel Shift to apply but not Rounding Adjustment.
Since phonetic [0:>] a~d phonetic [aw] are, as just noted, in complementary.distributi~n.in P?lysyllables, the cases ~n which only Vowel Shift applies to underlying liil can be dlstmgI11sh~d fr~m the cases ill which both Vowel Shift and Rounding Adjustment apply to underlying lui.
In short, there is good reason to suppose that phonetic [5] derives from underlying lal in monosyllables and from underlying liil in polysyllables. 37 Clearly the segment [5] appearing in polysyllables is not to be distmgms~ed on phonetic grounds from the segment [5] in monosyllables, although they have different phonological sources.
In particular, the following glid,e, if ~ny, m~st be the same.
In ~he dialect we are taking as our prototype, this is a centering glide, which we are representing as [A].
In the case of the [5] deriving from la/, we have a!ready acco~nted for this glide by rule (67), which converts [w] to [u] after [a], [u] then going automatically to [A] by Vowel Shift and Rounding Adjustment.
Clearly, then, we must extend (67) to the occurrences of [w] which follow those cases of /ii/ which are going to become phonetic [5] rather than phonetic [awl.
That is, we must revise rule (67) so that it converts [w] to [u] not only after all cases of [a] but also after [ii] everywhere except in final syllables, before nasal clus~ers, and before vowels.
The simplest way to express these facts is by the rule (71), the exceptions to (71) being marked by the lexical redundancy rule (72): (The fact that (72) applies to the vowel whereas (71) applies to the glide ~ be dealt with shortly.) The phonological rule (71) will now convert [w] to [u] not o~ly ill words such as father and laud, as before, but also in maudlin, aug=ment, etc.
The lexical redundancy rule This formulation requires that words such as saunter, launder, trousers be treated ~s phonologically monosyllabic, (Note that laundry is [15ndriy] phonetically, not [l5ndariy].) There. are, incidentally, other sources of phonetic [01 (e.g., before liquids, in certain contexts), as we shall se,e directly, 37 We have observed (see p. 195) that raw] (or Crew]) does not occur before labials or velars, and w~ have suggested.that this is a result of the lexical redundancy rule (54) that makes consonants coronal ,m t~e t t [segment].
But this redundancy rule does not affect noncoronal consonants following luI ex u position, and we have forms such as awkward, auburn, augur, traumatic, (72) will block the application of (71) in words such as renown.frown, allow, rowdy; mountain, fountain; tower, dowel.
In these cases, it will leave a labializing glide after the tense vowel.
For rule (72) to apply correctly, it is necessary to make a few otherwise unmotivated decisions about the placement of formative boundary, and there still will remain marginal contrasts in the lexicon; but we will not press the investigation of this point any further.
Let us now compare the derivations of mountain and maudlin: In the third line of (73), rule (71) applies to maudlin, changing [w] to [u]; but it is prevented by rule (72) from applying to mountain, which has a nasal cluster following liil.
To form the final line of (73), Rounding Adjustment applies to the lax vowel [0], giving [A], and changes the segment [5] in the context w but not in the context v.
The exact mechanics of the Rounding Adjustment Rule will be presented in Section 4.3.8: For the present it is only necessary to observe that the cases in which the rule effects a change are distinguishable from the cases where it does not, the relevant distinction here being the specification of the Rule (71) makes the glide [w] vocalic when it follows [a] or [ii]but not when it follows other vowels.
Since the segments [a] and [u] are the only vowel segments followed by [w] that have the same coefficients for the features round and high, we canreformulate
We will henceforth refer to this as the Glide Vocalization Rule.
There is a discrepancy in the formulation of rules (72) and (74) that must be eliminated.
Notice that the lexical redundancy rule (72) assigns the feature [Glide Vocalization Rule] (= [rule (74)]) to the vowel liil in certain contexts in lexical formatives.
But the Glide
Vocalization Rule (74) refers to a glide following the vowel [ii], not to this vowel itself.
Therefore the fact that the vowel is marked [rule (74)] will not prevent rule (74) from applyi.ng ~o the glide which f~llows this vowel, a glide which is inserted only by the Diphthonglzatl~n Rule. ~le~rly this glide ~ust also be assi~d the feature [rule (74)].
Recall that the Diphthongization Rule (21) Inserts after a tense vowel a glide agreeing in backness and rou.nding with th.e backness of the vowel.
Evidently, we must also require that the glide agree With the vowel In the feature [crule (74)], and the Diphthongization Rule (21) must be mod~fied.to include this specification.
The rule will then insert a glide which undergoes rule (74) Just In case the vowel it diphthongizes is not excepted from Glide Vocalization by the There is clearly a more general way to state the Diphthongization Rule, thus expressing an aspect of this rule missed in our formalization.
The Diphthongization Rule inserts a glide which accepts from the vowel preceding it all feature specifications that are possible for a glide.
The Diphthongization Rule is, in other words, the simplest sort of assimilation rule, in a very general sense of this notion.
This is clearly a linguistically significant fact, a generalization not captured in our formalization.
We will return, inconclusively, to a discussion of this and several other related inadequacies in Chapter Nine.
The next problem involving phonetically low vowels has to do with the realization of underlying IJI as [a], noted several times in our discussion.
The rule (5) which converts /J/ to [a] can be analyzedinto two steps, the first of which unrounds /J/ and the second of which tenses the resulting [a].
The first step can then be formulated as a special case of the Rounding Adjustment Rule which follows Vowel Shift in the ordering.
We will discuss some Still to be accounted for are the occurrences of phonetic [5A]the same phonetic segment as in laud, audible, etc.in words such as long, soft, cost, toss, cloth, and before liquids.
We will put aside the case ofliquids for the moment and consider the other cases.
Since the words cited are monosyllables, the vowel cannot derive from underlying liil in the manner just outlined.
The other alternative is underlying la/, as in lawn and fraud.
This is ruled out in words such as long and soft, however, since tense vowels do not occur before such clusters, as we have noted (see p. 171 and note 19).
The case we are now discussing can be incorporated into the grammar as so far constructed in several different ways, and we have not found any entirely compelling argument for one or another approach.
We therefore sketch one possibility, which seems to us to involve the fewest ad hoc rules and to leave the smallest number of exceptions, observing, In discussing double applications of the Vowel Shift Rule (p. 202), we noted that there is a phenomenon of backness adjustment that applies to many irregular lexical items.
For example, if we take present tense forms of verbs to be the underlying forms, then we have nonback vowels becoming back and round in the case of alternations such as clingclung, telltold, bindbound, breakbroke, and back vowels becoming nonback and nonround in the case of alternations such as runran, holdheld.
Similarly, in irregular plurals we have back vowels becoming nonback and nonround, as in mousemice, footfeet.
These phenomena suggest that there must be a precyclic readjustment rule switching backness in certain Given the readjustment rule (75), we can account for the derived forms in the examples of the preceding paragraph by assuming the underlying representations IkliNg/, Itelj, IbiNd/, Ibrrek/, Irun/, Ihold/, Imiis/, Ifotl.
Rule (75) will, in the appropriate contexts, convert: IkliNgI to [kIuNg], which becomes [klANg] by Vowel Shift and Rounding Adjustment, in the manner described above, and, finally, [klAIJ] by Nasal Assimilation and the dropping of final [g] after a nasal; Itell to [toll before [d] (the vowel then becoming [ow] by processes discussed on page 214); Ibind/, which by Diphthongization, Vowel Shift, and other rules becomes [baynd], to [biind], which in parallel fashion ultimately is turned into [brewnd]; Ibrrek/, which becomes [breyk] by Diphthongization and Vowel Shift, to [briik], which becomes [browk] in the sameway; lrun/, which becomes [rxn] by Vowel Shift under condition (63) and by Rounding Adjustment, to [rin], which must be marked [+ F] in the past tense so that it becomes [nen] by Vowel Shift under condition (61); Iholdl to [held]; Imiisl to [mis] (these being realized as [maws] or [mrews], [mays], respectively, in the usual way); Ifotl, which becomes [fiiwt] by Diphthongization and Vowel Shift, then [fut] in the manner described in note 33, to [fet], which then undergoes Diphthongization and Vowel But notice that we have the alternations longlength, strongstrength, which also clearly illustrate the backness switch stated by rule (75).
This fact strongly suggests that the underlying forms should be Ilongl, Istrongl, and that to account for the phonetic forms [15AlJ], [str5AlJ], we consider some process that has the effect of (76): Further support for this assumption comes from the observation that we clearly cannot derive long from underlying Il.mg/, since 1iJ1 in this context becomes phonetic [a] in the usual way, as we can see from words such as congress, thong (which is [eiiAlJ] in the dialect that is being described here).
Additional evidence is provided by the example loselost.
The simplest analysis of lose (phonetically [ltiwzj) is from underlying 116z1 by Diphthongization and Vowel Shift.
Then lost must be represented 116z+d/, the irregularity of this verb being that the usual # boundary before the past tense affix is replaced by formative boundary (i.e., #? [word boundary]; see pp. 13, 67).
There is a general rule devoicing clusters which will convert 116z+dl to [16s+t]. (Cluster devoicing here must be a case of linkage in the sense of Chapter Nine.) The Laxing Rule (8), which applies to a vowel followed by a double consonant, will then convert [16s+t] to [1os+t]. (Recall that dental clusters are excluded from this rule only if they appear within a formativesee page 172.) Now the processes summarized as (76) will convert [1ost] to the desired phonetic form [15ASt].
There are, then, fairly good reasons for assuming that there must be rules with the effect of (76).
If we can convert 101 to [a], we will have succeeded in accounting for (76), since [a] becomes [5A] by Diphthongization, vocalization of [w] by rule (74), Vowel Shift, and Rounding Adjustment. 39 The questions we must consider, then, are how much the grammar must be complicated to convert 101 to [a] before the application of the Diphthongization Rule and in what contexts this change takes place.
A change of [0] to [a] involves three features, namely, round, tense, and low.
Notice that we already have a rule making [u] tense and unrounded, namely, rule (52), which is part of the system of Tensing Rules.
We can therefore generalize rule (52) by extending it to [0].
If, then, we restate (52) as (77) and add rule (78) as a final addendum to the Consider, however, the alternation broadbreadth.
As mentioned, long and strong cannot have an underlying /a/ because of their final clusters.
The word broad, on the other hand, has no such cluster and must derive from underlying /brad/ in the manner described previously (p. 206).
Rule (75) will then convert /brad+8/ to [brred+8].
Cluster devoicing will convert the latter to [brret+8], which will become [brret+8] by the Laxing Rule (8).
If we now assign the feature [ + F] to broad, then [brret+8] will become [bret+8], just as [rettentiv] becomes [retentiv], by Vowel Shift under condition (61).
Thus the only irregularity of broad, other than its being subject to rule (75), will be its assignment to the ad hoc 39 Recall that Rounding Adjustment applies to all cases of [a] except those specifiedby the lexical redundancy rule (70) as excluded from the rounding rule because they appear in polysyllabic formatives.
Suppose, then, that the word Boston is represented as /bostJn/, and becomes [baston] by the rules that we are now discussing, which convert /0/ to [a].
By Diphthongization, Glide Vocalization, and Vowel Shift, we derive [baAstJn].
But Rounding Adjustment now applies, despite the fact that this is polysyllabic, since the vowel [a] in question is not an underlying vowel and hence is not excluded from Rounding Adjustment by the lexical redundancy rule (70).
Therefore we derive [b5Astan], as required.
Once again, we are not concerned here with the exact phonetic details of [5A], which will vary with dialect, phonetic context, and style.
What is crucial at this point is that this vowel not be distinguished phonetically from the other cases of [5A], which undergo the same phonetic modifications.
Rule (77a) is rule (52).
Rule (77b) is the new rule applying to underlying 101 in some yettobedetermined context, indicated in (77b) by....
Rule (78) is the only quite ad hoc modification that is necessary to account for the processes summarized in (76).
From the examples we have so far considered, it appears that the relevant context
That is, the processes summarized in (76) apply, so far, before [f], [s], Eel, and nasal clusters.
There are, in fact, many other restrictions, which can be stated as lexical redundancy rules..
These processes are, of course, the synchronic reflexes of the wellknown tensing of ME lal and 151 which is attested in our records from the sixteenth century onward.
Given these rules, we will have the following derivation for long, for example: In the same way, we can derive moss, often, cost, cloth from the underlying forms In the light of these extensions, we can return to the dialectal vanation of the segment liJ/, as in stop, cot, conic.
The rules that we have given so far assign t~ this segment th~ ph~­ netic form [a], which, as we have noted, may contrast with [aA] resulting from underlying lal (Rogerrajah, botherfather, etc.see p. 205).
In another American dialect (Eastern New England), phonological M becomes not phonetic [a] but what according to workers on the American Linguistic Atlas is a weakly rounded lowback vowel.,,41 If we disregard the , fact that rounding is somewhat weaker here than in other rounded vowels, we can designate the segment under discussion as [5A], that is, as the same (at this level of representation) as 40 For example, for many dialects we have only /0/, not /Jf, before /st/, Iff, and /8/; only /J/, not /0/, before the vowel of lawn, cost in the dialect we have been taking as our prototype.
To obtain this phonetic realization of the segment /J/, we need only extend rule (77) to low vowels as a third case.
Then underlying /kJt/ (cot), for example, will become [kat] by the new (77c) and, finally, [k5At] by Diphthongization, Rounding Adjustment, and the subsidiary processes that we have discussed.
Notice that this modification of rule (77) can be stated without adding any features to the rule if we use the angled bracket notation of Chapter Three (see pp. 7677).
Thus we can reformulate rule (77) as (81): By the conventions that we have already established, this schema abbreviates three rules, each carrying out the process described in (81) in the contexts (82a), (82b), (82c), in that Consider next the situation in British Received Pronunciation, in which phonetic [J] appears in cot, stop, conic, etc.
We can account for this dialect by adding one further set of Where... is as specified in (79).
Recall that the angled bracket convention interprets a schema of the form X < [Cl:F] > Y <Z> Was an abbreviation for the two successive, disjunctively ordered rules X[Cl:F] YZW X[ Cl:F] YW, where ~ is a feat~re and Z some string other than a single specified feature. (See Chapter
Three, note 78.) We give a precise statement of these conventions in the Appendix to Chapter Eight.
Schema (I) expands to two disjunctively ordered rules, the first with the element in angled brackets and th.esecond without it.
But notice that the second of the two will never apply, since it is disjunctively ordered With respect. to the first and has the same context as the first.
Therefore schema (I) is identical to case (a) of (81).
Notice that we are here assuming a different convention than in Chapter Three for rules of the form X < Y>Z. (See note 24 in Chapter Three.) At a later point we will incorporate these conventions into Schema (II) expands to two disjunctively ordered rules, the first of which tenses and unrounds the nonhigh non low vowel in the context represented by... , and the second of which unrounds the nonhigh With this modification, the rule converts [u] to [i] and [0] to [X] in the stated contexts, as in cases (a) and (b) of (77) and (81); but it converts [J] to [a], the corresponding nonround, nontense vowel.
Thus underlying /kJt/ will become [kat] by (83c) and, finally, [kot] by Thus all three dialects, namely, General American, Eastern New England, and British Received Pronunciation, have the same lexical representations for the words in question and differ only in trivial modifications of rule (77).44 In our terms, the three variants of this rule
(namely, (77), (81), and (83)) are equally complex (see Chapter Eight, Section 1).
Let us return now to the vowel /0/.
Consider such words as courage, oven, covey, honey, money, with phonetic [A] as the vowel of the first syllable.
Notice that in each case we can derive the vowel of the first syllable from underlying /0/; furthermore, this is the simplest (and for courage, oven, the only) source for these Iorms.
In the case of courage, we know that the first syllable terminates in a weak cluster since it reduces in courageous; the vowel, however, cannot be /ul or it would become [yiiw] in courage; There is no other possibility, apart from /0/, that will not require new, ad hoc rules.
Therefore we must take the underlying representation to be /korrege/.
The only rule that applies to the first syllable, then, is Rounding Adjustment, which converts the vowel to [A].
Since the underlying /0/ does not appear in the context (79), it does not undergo the processes summarized in (76).
Velar Softening, Vowel Reduction, and eElision give the phonetic form [kAraj] (see p. 235, (133)).
In the word oven, once again we cannot have an underlying /u/ since rule (77a) would apply, changing the vowel ultimately to /yiiw/.
If we take the underlying form to be 10vVn/, we will derive phonetic [xvan] by Rounding Adjustment.
Notice that oven, with a voiced medial consonant, does not fit the context (79) and therefore does not undergo the processes of (76), as contrasted with often, with an unvoiced consonant following /0/, which Proceeding now with the discussion of phonetic [5A], we must still account for its occurrence before [rC] in port, chord,force.
One possibility is that the underlying vowel is /0/ and that the second context of (79) should be extended to all sonorants (that is, to nasals and A further differentiation, into dialects which do and those which do not contrast Roger with rajah, bother with/ather, etc., in the first syllable, depends on a late phonetic rule involving faA]. (See p, 205.) 45 In the case of halley, money, a possible lexical representation is /hunni/, /munni/ (the double consonant being necessary to prevent application of rule (77a), which would result finally in phonetic [yiiw].
The representations /honi/, /moni/ are more economical, however, in terms of features.
Furthermore, in the case of money the latter representation has the advantage that only one feature change is then necessary to account for the alternation money (fmoni/) monetary (fmJnitAry/). 46 It is possible that the underlying representation of ouen is /ofVn/ and that the medial consonant is voiced intervocalically.
There are cases of intervocalic voicing of lsI, and of [B] as well, but we have not been able to arrive at a satisfactory formulation of these processes. (See Section 5.) A similar observation is relevant in the case of the alternation clothclothe.
Speculating beyond what we have worked out in detail, one might ~uppose that cloth has the underlying form /kbB/, and clothe the underlying form /kbBe/.
Intervocalic voicing converts the latter to [klooe], and the rule mentioned in note 40 converts the former to [kloB], which then becomes phonetic [kI5AB] in the manner just indicated.
The form [klooe] becomes [kI50e] by rule (60b), which tenses [J] before final CV, and then [klowo] by the liquids, there being no vowels in this context).
Suppose, then, that we replace (79) by (84): The examples so far discussed are unchanged.
But underlying /port/ will undergo a derivation exactly like that of (80), becoming, finally, [p5Art].47 Consider now the words told, hold, etc., in which [0] occurs before [1C]. (See the discussion of Backness Adjustment (75)).
The phonetic reflex of [0] in such cases is not to be distinguished from [ow] resulting from underlying /5/; thus told is phonetically identical to tolled, from /t51#d/.
We thus must account for the modification in (85): This is fairly simple within the present framework of rules.
The segment [0] in the context IC will become [A] by rule (77b) in the context (84).
If we now block application of both rule (78), which converts [A] to [a], and the Glide Vocalization Rule, then the vowel [A] will be assigned the glide [w] by the Diphthongization Rule, will be unaffected by Glide Vocalization and Vowel Shift, and will become [0] by Rounding Adjustment.
Thus [told] (which results from the application of rule (75) to underlying /teIf before [d]) and underlying /hold/ will become phonetic [towld] and [howld], as required.
The only modification of our rules is that rule (78) and Glide Vocalization must be blocked before [1].
We might provide for this by a lexical redundancy rule adding the feature specifications [rule (78)] and [Glide Vocalization] to lax vowels followed by [1] (thus, to the vowels of tell, hold, etc.) The fact that two exceptional properties must be noted raises doubts about the analysis.
Observe that if we were not to block Glide Vocalization, the phonetic reflex of /01/ would be [oAl], which would be acceptable if [owl] and [oAl] are not distinguished on phonetic Still to be accounted for are occurrences of phonetic [iiA] in final position and before [r], as in spa, spar, spark, start, and in words such as balm, palm, calm.
The latter might be derived from underlying /J/ in dialects which do not contrast the reflexes of /J/ and /a/, i.e., which do not contrast botherfather, cometcalmer, bombbalm, etc.
The situation is more interesting where these contrasts are retained, and underlying /J/ is therefore excluded as a source.
We cannot derive these words from underlying /bam/, etc., because /a/ undergoes Rounding Adjustment in monosyllables, as we have seen (rule (68)).
Conventional orthography suggests what is probably the optimal phonological solution.
Notice, in fact, that although there are words such asfilm, helm, culm (from underlying /film/, /helm/, /kulm/), there are no cases of low vowels in the phonetic context 1m.
This suggests that words such as balm derive from underlying /bV*lm/, etc., where V* is some lax low vowel, by rules that convert /V*If to [iiA].
Before turning to the choice of V* and the position The redundancy rule implied in note 40 will then have to be extended to the context rC for dialects in which only I... orC.../ appears and not I...orC...
I.
This rule will state that lax back vowels become nonIow in the context rC.
Notice that this extended rule, however, must be a rule of the phonology rather than a lexical redundancy rule, and must, in fact, follow the Laxing Rule (8).
Thus, consider words such as tear, swear, bear, from underlying Itrer/, Iswrer/, Ibrer/.
With past and perfect inflection, these forms undergo Backness Adjustment (75) and become [t5r], etc.
In the perfect, furthermore, [+n], and we have [t5r+n], etc.
The Laxing Rule (8) converts this to [torn], which must undergo the rule making lax vowels nonlow in the context rC, so that it will eventually become [t5AII1] (like [p5Aft], etc.) and form of these rules, let us consider the other examples of phonetic [iiA] mentioned at the Words such as spa seem rather difficult to account for.
Clearly the underlying vowel cannot be /a/, for Rounding Adjustment would give [Sp5A] (like law,jlaw).
It cannot be any other tense vowel, for Vowel Shift would give a form from which [iiA] cannot be derived; and even if the underlying vowel is lax, it will be tensed in final position by rule (20) and, being stressed, will undergo Vowel Shift, again giving a form which cannot become final [iiA].
In fact, all of the tense vowels do appear in final position under stress (e.g., jly, jlee,jlay, cow, coo, mow, boy, law, from underlying /ID/, /fle/, /flre/, /kil/, /ko/, /m5/, /bfi/, /la/, respectively).
Evidently, the only possibility is to represent spa with a lax vowel which is somehow prev~nt­ ed from being tensed by rule (20).
We can block this rule, which tenses final vowels, by assigning some segment in the position after the vowel.
This segment cannot be a vowel for the vowel of spa will become tense in prevocalic position.
It cannot be a true consonant or a liquid since, in general, these segments do not drop when postvocalic in final position.
It is, therefore, best to assume that these words end with a glide.
We must, then, add a rule inserting some glide after the vowel of spa before the Tensing Rule (20) applies.
Furthermore consideration of the framework of already established rules indicates that the inserted glidemust be [w], which will become [u] by the Glide Vocalization RUl~ (74) and wi~ then undergo Vowel Shift to [A], providing the centering offglide needed ill the phonetic representation [spiiA].
We must therefore select as the underlying vowel of ~pa so.me lax vowel v* which will permit vocalization of the glide to take place and WIll ultimately become phonetic [a].
In fact, we can achieve this result, adding only one rule, if we take V* Suppose, then, we represent spa as /sprel and add to the grammar a rule of wInsertion, rule (86), to precede the Tensing Rule (20): The rule of wInsertion, which is entirely new, precedes the Tensing Rule (20) and permits the preceding vowel to remain lax, as required.
The Glide Vocalization Rule (74) converts [w] to [u] when [w] follows a vowel that has the same value for the features round and high.
In previous examples this rule applied after [u] and [a]; since [re] is [round] and
[ _ high], the rule applies after this vowel as well, and gives the third line of derivation (87).
Vowel Shift and Rounding Adjustment apply in the usual way to give the fourth line of the derivation.
To derive the next line, ~e apply the Backness Adjustment Rule (39), modified so as to yield raw] as the reflex of jul.
In this form, the rule is:
We have simplified rule (39) by dropping the feature [vocalic] from the context (see p. 189).
In the form (88), the Backness Adjustment Rule converts [rey], which results by Vowel Shift from underlying Iii, to ray]; it converts frey] to [5y] (see Section 4.3.3); and it converts [reA] to [aa] to yield the fifth line of the derivation (87).
Recall that this form of the rule is design~d for the dialect in which the phonetic reflex of lui is raw].
The rule must be slightly complicated, now, for the dialect in which the phonetic reflex is [rew].48 The final line of the derivation results from the application of (89), which we have already presupposed, although This rule is presupposed by rule (5), which converts [;>] to [a] (as in cot, stop, conic, etc.) Rule (5) involves unrounding and tensing.
The unrounding will, of course, be a special case of Rounding Adjustment.
Therefore (5) can be simplified to (89), which will apply in the In summary, the only new rule is (86), the rule of wInsertion.49Furthermore, there are several considerations that determine the underlying vowel of spa to be lre/, as in the Consider now phonetic [M] in the words spar, spark, etc.
We can account for these by If we now take the underlying vowel to be lre/, we derive the desired phonetic representations by derivations that are parallel to (87).
Alternations such as barbarrier, barbarrister, parparity, carcarriage lend some slight additional plausibility to the derivation of [a] Having outlined a possible solution to the problem of spa, spar, spark, etc., let us return to the forms balm, calm, and so on.
We saw that these must apparently be derived from underlying IbV*lm/, IkV*lm/, where v» is some lax low vowel that we have not yet fully specified.
Given the framework already established, the simplest solution seems to be to extend rule (90) to the context 1m and to add a rule dropping [1] after the insertion For the dialect in which Backness Adjustment also applies to [awl, to give Crew], as in (39), we must further restri~t the :ule so t~at it applies to back ~owels only in preglide position; otherwise [aA] (as in father) and [<>A] (as in law) Will become nonback.
This modification is straightforward, but it complicates the rule. 49 We have very little to say, unfortunately, about the interesting question of how complexity of the lexicon ~hould b: measured against comp~ication of the phonology in evaluating a grammar.
Examples of the sort Just considered are relevant to this, although the obviously tentative nature of the analysis we have just offered prevents us from relying on such evidence too heavily.
It seems fairly clear that words such as spa, pa are not exceptions that must be independently memorized but, rather, follow from general rules.
If ~rue, this. me~ns that ~he phonetic form of these words should not be accounted for by idiosyncratic lexical speclficatIo~.
Notl:e th~t we ~ould h~ve acc?unted for the phonetic forms of spa, pa by deriving them from underlying /spa/, /pa/, which are differentiated from paw /pa/, which becomes [P5A] in the usual way, by the single feature [Rounding Adjustment Rule].
Thus the alternatives seem to be these: (1) mark words such as spa, pa as exceptions with the single feature [Rounding Adjustment Rule] (2) incorporate rule (86) in the grammar.
If it is correct that these words are regular, not exceptional, then (2) must be the correct alternative, and the evaluation measure must be so designed as to meet the empirical condition that having rule (86) in the phonology is less complex than adding the features in of [w].
We can then take V* to be [e].
We therefore extend rule (90) to (91) and derive balm, It might be that (91) should be simplified by allowing wInsertion after [;>] as well as ere].
In this case we might account for the horsehoarse contrast in certain dialects by representing horse as Ihors/, as before, and representing hoarse as Ih;>rs/.
Horse becomes phonetic [h5MS] in the manner described earlier (see (84)).
According to Kenyon and Knott, the vowel of hoarse in such dialects is [ow].
To account for this pronunciation, we add a rule tensing [;>] before [w], after the Diphthongization Rule and before the Vowel Shift Ru1e.
Then Ih;>rsl becomes [howrs] by the proposed simplification of (91), and the new tensing rule converts this to [howrs], Finally Vowel Shift gives [howrs], as required.
Notice that phonetic [5A] in salt,fault, somersault, scald, etc., can be derived by the usual method for this vocalic nucleus, namely, from underlying lal in monosyllables and lui elsewhere, since Iltl and Ild/, being dental clusters, may be preceded by tense vowels in formatives.
There are, in fact, phonetic [relC] clusters, as in alp, scalp,formaldehyde, altitude, so that we wou1d not want to derive phonetic [5A1C] from underlying lrelCI in general.
There are a few other obvious remarks about tense low vowels.
For example, Backness Adjustment applies to ere] after [w], giving [a] instead ofthe expected ere] in squalid, equality, wallet, want, etc.; and there is a further step of Rounding Adjustment after [w] before liquids, as in warn, squall, and so on.
It should also be noted that the vowels of words such as tear, tore, pale are phonetically low in many dialects, necessitating either a restriction on the Vowel Shift Rule before liquids or a late rule affecting mid tense vowels before liquids.
In general, there is much more to say about vowelliquid clusters beyond the few remarks that we have made, but we have not investigated this in any detail and will drop We have so far come across the following cases of Rounding Adjustment following The first case is the rule that applies to give phonetic [yuw] (p. 194).
Case (b) gives phonetic [ow] as in told, sold (p. 214).
Case (c) gives phonetic [5A] as in law, fraud (p. 206).
Case (d) gives phonetic raw] or Crew] (p. 189).
Case (e) gives phonetic [u] as in pull, bush (p. 204).
Case (f) gives phonetic [;>] as in ciJt, conic, in British Received Pronunciation (pp. 21213).
We do not give (91) in the most compact possible form since it is quite likely that a deeper investigation of vowels before liquids will lead to a modification of the rules that we are suggesting here as a first Case (g) gives phonetic [A] in courage, money (p. 213).
Case (h) gives [a] which becomes phonetic [ii] by rule (89) in General American cot, conic (p. 167).
Summarizing these facts, we can formulate the Rounding Adjustment Rille as (93): Ca~e (~) of (93) accommodates (92eh), which are the only lax back vowels that appear in den~atIOns at the stage when the Rounding Adjustment Rule applies.
Case (b) of (93) applies to the tense back vowels which have the same values for the features low and
round, that is, to the low round vowel [;;]and the two nonlow nonround vowels [i] and [A].
It thus accommodat~s~as:s (a), (b), and (d) of (92).
Case (c) of (93) corresponds to case (c) of (92). ~he ~owel. [a] IS, m fact, the only one that is followed by a vowel at this stage so that the simplification of (92c) to (93c) is appropriate.
To see why this is so, notice first that the only back vowels that can be followed by vowels at this stage are the low vowels
[ii] and [;;].51 But.note further that the ordering of the three cases of (93) is conjunctive. :her:fore, there will be no cases of [;;V]at the point where case (c) applies, since all cases of
[D] will have been unrounded by case (b).
Therefore, (93c) has precisely the effect of (92c).
Although the three ca~es of (93) are conjunctively ordered, it is impossible for case (b) ~o appl~ to a segment to which case (a) has applied since the contexts are disjoint, and it is impossible for both case (c) and case (a) to apply since there are no nontense back vowels followed by.vowels: ~t. is ~o~sible, however, for case (c) to apply to a segment formed by case (b~.
ThIS possibility IS illustrated by the derivation of the vocalic nucleus [;;A] from underlying lil/· To clarify what is involved, we repeat (73), the derivations of mountain and maudlin, with the final step of Rounding Adjustment now made explicit in terms of rule (93): We see, then, that the Rounding Adjustment Rule (93) has just the desired effects, covering the cases summarized in (92) in such a way as to account for the fact that [;;] remains rounded before a centering glide but not before a labializing glide.
The joint effect of the Rounding Adjustment and Backness Adjustment Rules is to centralize the vowels originating from underlying /if and lii/.
Our analysis postulates that Recall that lax vowels have been ten~ed in prevocalic position by rule (20) and that glides have been in~erte~ after all tense vowels by the Diphthongization Rule.
Consequently, the only cases ofVV are those In which the second V results from a Iwl glide by rule (74), the rule of Glide Vocalization As weh oca ~ Ion app res?n ~ a ter t e vowels [reI, [iiI, and [0].
The first of these is irrelevant, being nonb~ck at this stage of derivation.
The vowel [0] has become [5] by Vowel Shift.
Consequently onl [iiI these processes of centralization follow Vowel Shift.
An alternative analysis that deserves consideration would be to place the centralization rules before the Vowel Shift Rule in the ordering.
We have investigated this possibility in some detail (following a suggestion by R.
Stockwell) and have come to the tentative conclusion that it is not workable.
The reasons are of some interest.
The major phenomena for which the Vowel Shift and centralization rules are designed (namely, alternations such as divinedivinity, profoundprofundity) can, in fact, be handIed about as well with either analysis.
But the subsidiary phenomenathat we have discussed in the last few sectionsspecifically, the irregular verbs that can be explained in terms of double application of Vowel Shift (e.g., drivedrove; see p. 202), the various minor back vowel alternations, etc.cannot, so far as we can see, be subsumed under even partial generalizations if the alternative ordering is accepted.
These observations would tend to suggest that the ordering is determined not by the basic class of examples but by the subsidiary and marginal cases that can be brought under partial generalizations with one ordering but not the other. we discuss in Chapter Nine suggest that there is a principled reason for the ordering of processes that we propose.
Historical aspects of this problem are discussed in Chapter Six.
We have so far discussed the Vowel Shift Rule only in connection with vowel alternations.
However, since consonant alternations are determined in part by vocalic context, we might expect to find effects of the Vowel Shift Rule in the consonant system.arrd this is in fact In each of the words criticism, medicine, rigid, the consonant in boldface undergoes softening before a nonlow nonback vowel (which may be [e] as well as [iJ).
This process of Velar Softening, one case of which we gave earlier as (6), we now restate as (96): We observe, once again, that (96) can be analyzed into several steps and that it applies Notice that Velar Softening must precede the Vowel Reduction Rule.
After Vowel Reduction the boldface elements of critical, medicine, medical, rigid, rigor are all followed by the same vowel (which is, furthermore, back).
Before the application of the Vowel Reduction Rule, on the other hand, the appropriate context for (96) is still in evidence: the phonological segments which do soften are followed by [i], and those that do not are followed by [re] or the vowel of the affix or.
Additional information bearing on the position of (96) in the sequence of rules is provided by the words criticize, regicide, analogize, medicate, allegation in (95).
In these examples we have the [s], fj] variants of Ik/, Igl in the phonetic context [ay] and the [k], [g] variants in the phonetic context [ey].
Both cases seem to contradict the Velar Softening Rule (96).
However, we observe that in these examples the underlying forms are [kritikiz], [regikid], [enselcgiz], [medikiet], [relegretiVn], respectively.
Thus, in the underlying forms, the velars that soften are followed by nonback nonlow vowels, and those that do not soften are followed by vowels that are back or low.
We conclude, then, that rule (96) must also precede the Vowel Shift Rule, which changes the nonlow vowel [i] to low [re], and low [re] to nonlow [15].
Thus we have derivations such as (97) for the examples All three occurrences of phonological velars in (97) appear in the context of a following vowel which, in its phonetic quality, does not permit softening (namely, back [Q] or [a]).
Nevertheless, both velars of (97b) soften by rule (96) because the underlying vowel following them is nonback and nonlow, while the velar of (97a) does not soften because the underlying vowel following it is low.
Here, then, is new justification for the Vowel Shift Rule Only one further comment is needed concerning the examples of (95).
We must account for the softening of the phonological Igl of allege.
To soften, this segment must be followed by a nonback nonlow vowel, which drops in final position.
Evidently, this must be the vowel [e], which has the appropriate features and which is dropped, when final, by the eElision Rule (Chapter Three, rule (I 55) ).
We conclude, then, that allege must have the phonological representation lrelege/.5 2 These observations give independent support Along the same lines, we can now provide an explanation for the alternation [yUw][A], as in reducereduction.53 If we take the underlying form to be Ire=duke/, where = is the boundary symbol discussed in Chapter Three (p. 94), and the stem is assigned to the category of elements that undergo derivational processes and Velar Softening, then we will The only special feature of reduce is that, along with quite a few other verbs, it drops [(V)+re] when suffixed with ation, giving the second line of (98).
To obtain the alternants [riydyiiws] and [riydsksan], the prefix might be represented with tense 1151; alternatively, To conclude this discussion, we discuss one additional example illustrating the Velar Softening Rule (96).
We had occasion in Chapter Three (p. 95) to refer to a rule that we Thus, in prefixstem verbs, for example, we find pairs such as those of the stems sume, seroe, sist, sign is unvoiced in the first column, since the prefix ends in a consonant, but voiced in the second, where the prefix ends in a vowel: Alternatively, lad = leg~1 (see p. 222).
Either choice will lead to the correct stress assignment by the rules of Ch.apter Three.
Notice that [e] drops here before ation, exactly as in reduction (in which case [reI of aUoII also dropssee p. 201) and many other forms.
In some dialects the alternation is [iiw][A] because of the rule deleting [Y] which was mentioned in note 27.
We return to this matter in Section 6.
Notice, however, that among the prefixstem verbs there are certain pairs, such as inciterecite, concederecede, which seem to contradict rule (99) since phonetic [s] rather give the stems cite, cede the underlying representations lkitf, Iked/, respectively, assigning them to the category of elements subject to derivational processes and Velar Softening.
As we have just observed, Velar Softening precedes Vowel Shift.
Thus, after Velar Softening yields [re=sit], [ree sed] for recite, recede, these become [re esayt] and [re=siyd], respectively, by regular processes that we have already discussed.
To prevent the voicing of [s] to [z] in these forms, it is necessary only to have rule (99) precede rule (96) (more properly, the last stage of (96), which gives [s]).
In these and similar cases, the required phonetic output will be obtained if we enter the forms in the lexicon in the manner suggested by conventional orthography, which here, once again, turns out to be quite close to the correct It is clear, from the first three pairs, that one of the prefixes of the paradigm we are concerned with is [eks].
We have just seen, furthermore, that the underlying stems in concede, inciteand, therefore, in exceed, exciteare Ikedf, Ikitf, with Ikl becoming [s] by Velar Softening.
Thus exceed and excite must, at an intermediate stage of derivation, have the form [eks = siyd], [eks=sayt], respectively (after Vowel Shift).
These words, however, do not have [ss] sequences phonetically, showing that ~here must be a rule that simplifies [s=s] clusters to [s].
As we have already seen (d. rule (156) in Chapter Three, p. 148), this is simply a special case of the general rule of Cluster Simplification that replaces or deletes one C of a CC sequence where the two consonants are identical.
Along with the rule (99) of sVoicing, then, there is the rule of Cluster Simplification.
In words such as exceed, excel, we have an unvoiced phonetic [ks] cluster produced by Cluster Simplification applied to [ks=s] (originally from [ks=k]).
A rule voicing prestress [ks] clusters (compare examine, exalt, etc.see (119), p. 22S) is blocked by the cluster of three consonants.
Among the prefixes are also ad, ab, sus, sub, as in adhere, admire, abhor, abduce, suspect, sustain, subdue, subsist.
Consider now, alongside of the examples of (100), such In these forms we have phonetic [s] in intervocalic postboundary position, in apparent contradiction to rule (99).
Notice, however, that there are no forms *adsume, *adsist, adsign, just as there are no *adtest, *abpear alongside of attest, appear.
This arrangement of occurring forms indicates that the prefixes aband adundergo assimilation of the final consonant under certain conditions, with the resulting clusters later simplifying by the general Cluster where C and C* are both noncoronal (i.e., labial or velar) or both coronal (i.e., dental [reb=per]+ [rep=per]+ [asplyr] (appear); [red= sist]+ [res= sistj« [resist] (assist); and so on.
The [s] in the forms of (102) thus remains unvoiced because the [s=s] sequence blocks (99) and only later simplifies to [s] by Cluster Simplification.
In a similar way we can account for sets such as resembledissembleassemble, with [z] in the first form, rule (99) having applied, and [s] in the other two forms, rule (99) having been blocked by the cluster Quite similar remarks apply to the prefixes sus, sub, Again, we have assimilation
(analogous to (103)) and simplification, giving forms such as suffice, support, succumb.
Notice, incidentally, that rule (103) is actually somewhat more general, since we also have partial assimilation of the final nasal of a prefix, as in the words compel, combat Next, Velar Softening applies, followed by Diphthongization and Vowel Shift in the usual way, giving, finally, (106).
Hence the forms of (106) result from perfectly regul~r phonolo~­ cal processes and are quite analogous to those of (100), (101), (102), despite superficial The examples we have discussed in this chapter by no means exhaust the phonology of the English vowel system.
However, they do cover what seem to us some of the mo~t difficult and crucial aspects of vocalic phonology, and they illustrate the form that this Although it is not without its problems, the consonant system seems less interesting than the vowel system, and we will not treat it in anything like the same detail.
We have already discussed the analysis of consonants into true consonants, glides, and liquids, and have pointed out that there is a crossclassification into obstruents and sonor.ants, the latter category containing nasals, liquids, andglides (along with the vowels).
We will be concerned The obstruents may be analyzed in terms of the features [±coronal] and [±antenor] in a way that corresponds roughly with the traditional analysis into dentals, palatoalveolars, labials, and velars. (See Chapter Seven for further discussion of our conception of the The phonetic forms of (106) result from the underlying representations of (105) in the following way.
First, the Assimilation Rule (103) (with the generalization to submentioned We assume that of the segments listed in Table I, Section 3, the lexicon of English contains By the symmetry of the paradigms we are considering, these must have the underlying representations of (105), although they have the phonetic representations of (106) (with, Thus each category has stops and continuants, the dental continuants being further d.ivi.ded into [±strident].
Among the velars, the stops are subdivided into [±round]; the labI~lized (rounded) consonants are interpreted as the sequences [kw], [gw], and [xw]~ respectively, The velar continuant Ixl becomes phonetic [h].
The palatoalveolars (particularly ~hen voiced), the rounded velars, and the velar continuant have limited.distributions in the lexicon, but we will not go into the readjustment rules needed to descnbe these facts. ~ecall t~at there is a further lexical classification of velar stops in terms of the feature [±denv], specifi cally, in terms of susceptibility to Velar Softening.
We will represent tdhe  belong to the derivable category anp undergo Velar Softening as Ik I, Ig I, co.ntrast~g with Ikl and Ig/.
Among the readjustment rules, there are many that apply to specific denvable formatives; for example, the rule (110): This will account for the spirantization of jtj in submissive (by rule (120a) below, with subsequent devoicing) and the voicing of jtj in subversion (which then becomes [z] by later rules).
There will be no further discussion of these readjustment rules.
We will present here what seems to be the core of the system of rules involving consonants, listing the rules in the order in which they appear, with a few comments about each.
Several illustrative derivations will follow the presentation of the rules.
If it is correct to take jxj and jxWj as the segments underlying [h] and [hw], as might be suggested on grounds of lexical simplicity (see also p. 234), then we must add a rule At this point in the ordering, then, we reach the rules of the stress cycle discussed in the preceding chapter.
Of particular relevance here are two rules that were dealt with in Chapter Three, one of which (rule (130), p. 130) converts [y] to [i] and the other of which (rule (57), p. 87) converts [i] to [y].
We restate these two rules as (115) and (116), respectively: We must now give a rule inserting [w] after rounded velars, that is, after jkWj, jgWj, Rule (112) inserts [w] after the velar in words such as square, language, and (in some dialects) when [hwen].
This rule might be combined with (91), which also inserts [w].
We turn next to the Velar Softening Rule, which has been discussed several times (see (96)).
This rule converts jgj to [J] and jkj to [s].
To convert jgj to [J], we must modify jgj with respect to the features coronal and strident.
Thus the rule affecting jgj is (113): If we were to generalize rule (113) simply by extending it to jkdj, then it would convert jkdj to [e], which would fall together with the original jej of chair, chastity, church, etc.
We therefore instead amend rule (113) so that it assigns to jkdj, but not to jgdj, the feature [+anterior] as well as the features [+strident], [+coronal]. (As mentioned in Section 3, the features high, back, and low play no crucial role in the consonant system of English, within the present framework, and will in general not appear in the rules of this section.
See however, Chapter 9, Section 4, for a reformulation of the Velar Softening Rule in a revised [Afel;,n+i+;,s]A, and the rules of stress assignment, together with those discussed earlier Now consider rule (116).
As noted in Chapter Three, this rule too must be in the cycle, to account for the placement of primary stress in words such as conventional.
Therefore both rule (115) and rule (116) must be in the cycle, after the rules of stress assignment.
Rule (115) seems correct as it stands, but rule (116) requires somewhat closer study.
As given it converts [i] to [y] in the context C+V, where C is a dental or palatoalveolar.
It does not apply where C is a labial (cf. oblivion, champion, marsupial, etc.)54 or a velar (Kentuckian, trachealrecall that velars of the phonological category [+ deriv] have, at this point, become dentals if unvoiced or palatoalveolars if voiced).
But when the consonant is dental or palatoalveolar, the situation is fairly complex.
Thus the rule converting [i] to [y] applies to the words in Column I of (117) but not to those in Column II: Rule (114) abbreviates two rules, the first of which changes jkdj to [c] (i.e., the dental affricate) and the second of which converts jgdj to [j].
The change of [c] to [s], which will complete the process of velar softening for jkdj, will be effected by a later rule.
Observe that rule (114) converts jkdj into a segment which is distinct from every other segment.
The rules mentioned so far must be quite early in the ordering.
As we shall see later, they must precede the rules of Tensing and eElision, among others.
We may, in fact, place them either before or immediately after the rules of stress assignment.
Notice, however, that Rule (115) converts formativefinal jyj to [i] (ultimately, [iy]) in words such as industry, oligarchy, industrial, industrious.
As we noted in Chapter Three, rule (115) must be in the cycle (and must clearly follow the rules of stress assignment if y is to assign stress in the appropriate way).
Thus the word felonious; for example, will have the underlying representation [A [Nfehm+Y]N;s]Ao In the first cycle, primary stress is assigned to the first syllable and jyj becomes [i] by rule (115).
Thus we begin the second cycle with the fonn from /redmnnis/, although such examples as punishpunitive might sugges~ a c~o~e reI.ation between [s] and [t] in these forms).
Case (e) demonstrates that the f.ormative [1] IS assigned [rule (116)] after [d] (d. case (b) and also after nonstrident contmuants.
Case ~f) s.ho,,:s that the nominalization affix ion always undergoes rule (116), so that no categorization IS It seems, then, that the feature [±ruIe (116)] can be p~edicted f~r the fo~at1V.es /i/ and /iVn/ and that the position of formative boundary WIll otherwise determme ItS applicability in accordance with rule (116), with only a few ad hoc rules (e.g., case (b) and With these observations, we can return to the problem of how to fOTI~1Ulate ru es (115) and (116).
Since these are rather similar in form and since both must be in the cycle, it is clear that they fall together as indicated in (lIS): Furthermore, there is nearly free variation in forms such as mammalian, marginalia, Such facts suggest that the applicability of rule (116) is rather idiosyncratic and that there must be a feature [±rule (116)] that categorizes certain formatives containing [i].
The worst possible case would be that this feature is entirely free.
However, closer inspection of examples such as those in (117) suggests that there are redundancies that can be exploited.
Consider first the examples under case (a).
It seems that in the items of Column I there is some motivation for a formative boundary before the segment [i] that is subject to the rule, while in the items of Column II there is no reason to place a formative boundary in this position.
These cases, therefore, are already taken care of by rule (116), which applies only to items with + in the appropriate position, and we can limit the feature [± rule (116) ] to formatives that begin with [i].
It will then follow that rule (116) will not apply to words such as those of Column II, case (a), if the underlying forms are /puNktili+ns/, /fremily+rel/,55
Case (a) restates (115); case (b), (116).
The redundancy rules sketched above determine the correct applicability of (l1Sb).
Let us now consiider how rule (lIS) is ordered with respect to the other rules of. the cycle and in particular, what the condition is on ex in (l1Sb).
In the examples we have given Iai it was always the case that ex = .
Furthermore, it is quite clear that when ex.= 1, ti ely The rule mentioned in note 55 converts the final /1/ of a! to r. u e then converts [i] to [y] in the expected way.
But considertt e orms ami zar.1 y, pee lone major dialect these terminate in phonetic [... lEreratE].
Therefor~ It must be that i: the final cycle, after stress is assigned to oar and [y] becomes [i] before oar by rule rule (l1Sb) is blocked by the primary stress on the following vowel.
Thus the segment [1] These facts show that rule (I IS) must follow the rules of stress assignment and that ex must meet the condition ex:f= 1 in rule (l1Sb).
We see so far, then, that when ex = , the rule is applicable, and when ex = I, the rule is inapplicable.
Now consider the case in which the segment [i] is followed by a vowe~ m the [+ stress] The examples of case (c), which are representative, indicate that the formative [i] or [y] takes the categorial feature [rule (116)] when it follows en].
The righthand column of case (d) illustrates the fact that after [r], [i] is always assigned [rule (116)].
Alternatively, we could modify the readjustment rule introducing + in the context CiVn to exclude [r] as well as [d].
The reason for assuming that rule (116) applies in the examples of (d) of Column I is that there must be a later rule that deletes [y] after nonliquid palatoalveolars (rule (122», as in the boldface positions of words such as religious, admonition (presumably will have the form [iiksii+i+rerji] at the point when (l1Sb) IS to ~apf y~ as we s a.see directly.
If this rule does not apply, we will derive, finally, the form [ngzI1EerE], by apph~a­ f the other rules of this and the preceding chapter.
If (l1Sb) does apply, we den~e ~!l E] the penultimate vowel reducing in immediate poststress pOSItIOn R d ction Rule (11Sd) of Chapter Three.
In precisely the same way, we WI env Supporting evidence comes from comparing familial [famillyol] with familiar [fomilyor], The underlying form of the latter is Ifremil+i+rel/.
A very general rule converts al to oar in the context I(+i)(cf. similar, molecular, etc.) Rule (116) then gives the cited phonetic form for familiar.
If there is no formative boundary after III in familial, the rule converting al to oar will not apply, and rule (1l6) will not apply.
Thus both of the phonetic differences between familiar and familial are determined by the presence Consider now case (b) of(117).
Notice first that there is good motivation for assuming that all of these words are phonologically represented in the form /... iVn/ rather than /... yVn/.
There are two reasons for this: first, the representation /... yVn/ would violate otherwise valid restrictions on the distribution of /y/ in the lexicon; second, the placement of stress requires the analysis with /iVn/.
Furthermore, except for the words quaternton and ganglion, all words with terminal ion, where this is not a nominalization element, fall into
Column II when the consonant is Cd] and into Column I when it is any other consonant.
Therefore, continuing with the assumption made in connection with case (a), we can add a readjustment rule assigning formative boundary in the context CiVn, when C:f= [d].
The only exceptions, then, are quaternion and ganglion.
These are also the only examples in which the segment [i] which is subject to the rule follows a CS cluster (where S is a sonorant).
We therefore restrict the readjustment rule that inserts formative boundary to the context cpCiVn, where cp is a vowel if C is a sonorant.
With this rule, no classification with respect to rule (116) is necessary for the examples of case (b). ~::efic~a~y the phonetic fo~m [b~naliSE~rE] (from underlying /benefik+i+rer+yj) if (11Sb) be noted moreover, that such ~ords as orientate, alienate, ameliorate, deteriorate. are app~r~nt Alternating Stress Rule if they are pronounced with [iy] rather.than [y] In the position ~~ep lon~~tice that the exceptional behavior could be accounted for. by extending (1.16) to. cover these cases, with a later rule, following the Alternating Stress Rule, converting [y] once again to [I].
The applicability of rule (118b) in these cases depends on the condition on rio If the condition is ri = , then rule (118b) will not apply; if the condition is ri =I: 1, then rule (118b) will apply.
As we have noted in Chapter Three (p. 123), both cases are possible.
The dialectal variation, then, depends on how the condition on ri is given in rule (118b).
We note, incidentally, that in the dialect with the condition ri =I: 1 in rule (118b), this rule must precede the Auxiliary Reduction Rule that assigns to an immediately posttonic vowel the features [tense], [stress] in certain contexts so that it becomes subject to reduction.
The position of rule (118) in the ordering is still more narrowly constrained than this, as we can see by considering forms such as emaciate.
The only phonetic realization in this case is [EmASEAt].
But consider the dialect with the condition o: =I: 1 in rule (118b).
Since this rule does not apply to emaciate, it must be that [At] in emaciate has primary stress at the point in the derivation when we reach (118b); that is to say, it must be that the form is [emac+i+At].
Evidently rule (118b) must precede the Alternating Stress Rule, which converts the preceding form to [emac+i+At].
Therefore rule (118b) must follow the Main Stress Rule and precede the Alternating Stress Rule (and, therefore, the Auxiliary Summarizing, then, rule (1l8b) is in the cycle. following the Main Stress Rule and preceding the Alternating Stress Rule, and the condition on ri is ri =I: 1 for one dialect (in which this ordering is determined) and ri = for another dialect.
At this point we reach the main rules of word phonology discussed earlier in this chapter, in particular, the Laxing and Tensing Rules.
After the Tensing Rules, we come to the rule of sVoicing that was mentioned earlier in this chapter (rule (99)) and in the preceding chapter.
Rule (119) is a somewhat more accurate version of this rule: As it stands, rule (119) slightly extends rule (99) of Section 5.
Case (a) applies in words such as resume, reside, resident, design, resolute.
Case (b) applies in words such as music, rosary, miser, gymnasium, Cartesian, Asia, usual, from underlying Imusik/, Ir5sVrY/, ImisVr/, Igimmesi+Vm/, Ikrertes+i+ren/, lres+ire/, lusurell (with a further rule of palatalization for the last three forms).
Notice that voicing does not take place in issue (from underlying lisue/), asylum, misogyny, philosophiy, ical), etc., because the preceding vowel is lax.
However, as the rule now stands, there are quite a few exceptions (e.g., basic, isolate masonite, gruesome, awesomei.i Case (c) applies where the orthography has x in such words Many apparent exceptions to rule (119) can be accounted for by taking the source of [s] to be /k d / rather than lsi.
Recall that original /k d / before [i], [e], [Y], [e:] is now [c], at this stage of derivation (by Velar Softening (114» and therefore is not voiced by rule (119).
The last two examples listedgruesome and awesomesuggest a readjustment rule exempting /s/ from rule (119)after formative boundary.
Notice that the first three examples given as exceptions are also exceptions to the Laxing Rule (19b).
Perhaps, then, we should say that these words undergo laxing and are therefore exempt from sVoicing, and that their irregularity consists in the fact that they undergo subsequent idiosyncratic tensing.
Certain other exceptions to (119), particularly to case (b), can be accounted for by lexical redundancy; for example, /s/ is exempt from this rule in the few words of the lexical form /...
VsV/(e.g., virtuoso, Caruso, Medusa).
Others will be accounted for by rule (124a), which devoices [z] in certain positions.
Notice that rule (118b), which converts the [i] in Cartesian to [y], applies before (119).
The rightmost V in the context of (119b) should therefore be generalized to [consonantal].
As the present discussion is rather informal, however, we shall not incorporate this consequence into the rule. as exist, examine, auxiliary, exasperate.
In poststress position, as in axis and maxillary, the cluster remains unvoiced.
Notice, however, that the rule does not apply in hexameter, toxicity, annexation; and, in general, whenever the [ks] cluster is final in the formative.
This exception requires a readjustment rule which assigns the feature [rule (119)] to lsi in the context k __+. 5 8 Perhaps case (c) should be extended to other Cs clusters, as in absolve, absorb, observe.
Notice that the voicing of [k] in the context z is by a later rule of voicing assimilation.
Clearly there is a great deal more to the matter of voicing of [s] (and probably
[f] and [8] as wellsee p. 232) that deserves more careful investigation.
Underlying stops and [c] which derives from Ikdl become strident continuants before [i] or [y] under circumstances that we state as rule (120): Rule (120) converts dental stops to [s] if unvoiced or to [z] if voiced.
Case (a) applies in words such as corrodesite, evade+ive, giving, ultimately, corrosive, evasive by a later devoicing rule (see (124)).
Case (b) applies in words such as partiality, ingratiate, in the boldface positions; in democracy, controversy, residency (from underlying forms in I... t+y/, with Iyl becoming [i] by rule (118a) and [i] by the Tensing Rule); and to the parallel forms confidence, residence, etc., with final I+sl (see Chapter Three, p. 161), which, in contrast to final lst. does not become [+vocalic] by rule (118a).
Rule (120b) does not apply to remedy (where the dental is voiced) or to difficulty, modesty if we derive these from Idifikult+tY/, Imd+est+tY/, as seems natural for nominalized adjectives (d. loyalty, royalty, etc.) It does apply, however, to the ItI in words such as partial, Egyptian, expeditious, the augment Iii having become [y] by rule (118b). (The continuant formed by rule (120), in these cases, will palatalize by rule (121).) Rule (120c) applies in words such as contrition, from underlying Ibntrit+iVn/, and division, from underlying Idivid+iVn/, the Iii of liVnl having become [y] by rule (118b).
Notice that the Spirantization Rule will not apply in cardial, Canadian, invidious, etc., in which the augment remains [i].
Case (d) applies to the segment [c] produced by the Velar Softening Rule (1l4).
It constitutes the last stage of velar Notice that where [t] is not followed by formative boundary (e.g., all forms in ity, which we have represented as Ji+ty/see p. 33and words such as patio, piteous, Antioch,
Pontiac), it does not become [s] (ultimately, [5]) by rule (120).
The Spirantization Rule must follow the rule of sVoicing, since the [s] formed by rule (120) does not voice.
It must precede the rule of eElision so as to account for the /_ spirantization of [t] in residence (from underlying Ire= sid+ent+sj), confidence, etc.
It must also precede rule (50), which inserts the [y] glide of [yiiw].
Therefore, we do not have spirantization of [t] infact+ual, etc., by rule (120c).
Clearly some further generalization is possible in the statement of (120), but we will leave it in this form. +; see note 57.
Notice that case (b) is also inapplicable before certain affixes (e.g.,
We are now at the point in the cycle where rule (50) inserts the [y] glide of [yiiw].
This, in turn, is followed by a series of vowel adjustment rules which includes Dipthongization, Vowel Shift, and Rounding Adjustment.
We then have a rule that changes dentals to palatealveolars before [y].
Thus division has the form [diviz jyvn] at this stage of the derivation, the underlying Idl having become [z] by the Spirantization Rule (120).
This occurrence of [z] must now become palatal so that we derive, ultimately, [dovizon], the glide after [z] dropping by a later rule.
Similarly, [s] deriving from underlying Ikdl will become [8] in the boldface positions of words such as logician, musician (the postpalatal glide again dropping by a later rule), and the same is true of [s] from underlying h], as in controversial, partial, prohibition.
And [t], [d], [s], and [z] will become [c], [j], [8], and [z], respectively, before [yiiw] in words such as actual, gradual, sensual, visual.
The process is blocked, however, if the dental consonant in question is followed by a vowel, as in the word satiety, which at this stage is represented as [sret+iiy+i+tiy], or if it is followed by [YV], as in fortuitous, endure, ensue, resume (cf., for example, perpetual [porpecuwcl] versus perpetuity (pcrpotytiwctiyj).
To describe these and several other facts, we give the Palatalization Rule in the One additional complication must benoted.
Although the processes just described that convert [Di] to [Py] (where D is a dental and P the corresponding palatealveolar) apply in the boldface positions in words such as Cartesian, Russian,60 prejudicial, they do riot apply in the boldface positions of potassium, magnesium, gymnasium.
Thus we have phonetic contrasts such as [kart;Ezan][JimnAzEam].
The dropping of the glide is contingent on Palatalization, as we shall see directly.
Palatalization depends on the change of [i] to [y] by rule (1l8b).
Therefore it is sufficient to distinguish pairs such as Cartesiangymnasium in terms of the applicability of rule (1l8b), as in the examples of (117).
Notice that rule (1l8b) must be blocked only in certain cases of underlying lsi, but not in the case of underlying Ikd/, which is represented as [c] at the point in a derivation at which (118b) applies.
Therefore, at worst a categorization of underlying lsi is involved.
However, notice that rule (1l8b) applies to [i] only when it is preceded by formative boundary.
This suggests that we instead distinguish the cases in question by the presence or absence of formative boundary, with lexical representations such as Ikrertes+i+ren/, 19imnresi+Vm/.
In many cases, the formative boundary seems reasonably well motivated.
Alternatively, we could add [±rule (118b)] as a new classification of Iii after lsi.
Next, we must delete glides after palatoalveolars, by rule (122): In the form given above, the Palatalization Rule applies to a dental obstruent followed by y\f, where \f is a stressless vowel.
Thus the rule will not apply to the segments in the boldface positions in society, perpetuity, or the verb associate, which are represented as [sasayitiy],
The last example, associate, points to an inadequacy in the analysis presented.
Although the phonetic segment [s] is fairly common in the boldface position, we also commonly find [8]; and, in certain forms (for example, emaciate, beneficiary), it seems that the phonetic realization of underlying Ikdl is [8] in all dialects.
The facts are unclear.
Thus Kenyon and Knott give only [8]for emaciate and associate, and both [s] and [8]for emaciation, association, sociology.
To account for [8] in this position, we must extend the rule to 1 ,requiring that a. =1= 1in dialects that have [8] in associate and [s] in association.
Since these variants seem to coexist or to be distributed in various ways in many styles of speech, we must assume a considerable degree of arbitrary lexical categorization or of dialect mixture.
Pending further analysis, we leave the question Since palatalization in dentals takes place by rule (121) only before glides, we do not have palatalization of the stops in the boldface positions of primordial, remedial, medium, piteous, Pontiac, etc.
In all of these words, the segment following the dental consonant in question is the vowel [I], not the glide [Y], at the point when the Palatalization Rule (121) We have made no systematic attempt to investigate the ss alternation in these positions or to collect other exceptions to these rules.
However, the following are among those that come to mind: mature [mactrr]in many dialects, instead of expected Imoniwr] or [motyuwr]; luxurious [lAgzUriyas] instead of expected [IAgz(y)trrias] (cf. exude, exuberant, in which palatalization does not take place).
This rule applies, in particular, to the [y]glide inserted by rule (50) before [U], giving phonetic [ekcuwel] from [rekcyuwel] (actual), [isuw] from [isyuwe] (issue), etc.
Similarly, the segment [y] from underlying Iii drops in the boldface position in words such as religion, decision, artificial.
Rule (122) is restricted to the position following obstruents.
Thus it does not apply after the palatal liquid [r], and we have forms such as virulent with [ry], alongside of pavilion with [ly] where the liquid is not palatal.
There are no glides in this position.
Notice that rule (122) will delete the element in the boldface position in religion, artificial, but not in religiosity, artificiality, emaciate.
The reason is that the following vowel is stressed in the latter group, preventing the boldface segment from becoming a glide.
Thus consider the final cycle in the derivation of words such as religiosity.
The stress assignment rules assign [+stress] in the position following the boldface segment [i].
Rule (118a) converts this segment to [i] (if it was converted to [y] in an earlier cycle).
But case (b) of (118) does not apply since the following vowel is stressed.
Therefore this segment is not We have observed (see note 27) that in some dialects [y] also drops after dentals and palatoalveolars in certain other positions, as in residue, constitute, tune, rule, rejuvenate.
In such dialects [y] drops in all contexts in which rule (121) has not applied.
Thus we have contrasts such as residue [rezodnw] residual [razijuwal], constitute [kanstotawt] constitutive [konsticuwtiv].
Hence, if only dental obstruents were involved, we could state The fact that the Palatalization Rule applies in Russian indicates that rule (121) must follow the rule of Cluster Simplification discussed in Section 5.
The underlying form for Russian must be jruss+i+renj; if it were jrus+i+renj, we would deriJe *[rUsan] instead of [rAsan].
Thus, if Palatalization preceded Cluster Simplification, we would derive *[rASsan], incorrectly.
Furthermore, the rule of Cluster Simplification must follow the rule of Spirantization, since underlying jeks=kedj, which becomes [eks=sed] by Velar Softening and Spirantization, must then become [eksed] by Cluster Simplification.
The correct simply that [y] drops after dental obstruents, giving no further contextual information.
But additional information is needed for instances of [y] following dental and palatal sonorants.
Thus [y] never drops after these segments in words such as virulent, annual, valuable.
The relevant fact is the stress on the following vowel.
Where the stress is other than minus, the glide drops.
Thus it drops after such dental obstruents as have not become palatal by rule (121) and after liquids before stressed vowels.
In addition to these rules, there are several other minor modifications needed; for Rule (124) accounts for the devoicing in abusive, evasive.
Notice that in the case of evade, corrode, divide, etc., we have a [d][z][s] alternation ([EvAd][Ev.{\Zan][EvAsiv]) by a Rule (124) should no doubt be extended to other cases.
For example, we pointed out (note 58) that we have [s] rather than [z] in +age, a fact which can be accounted for by adding age to (124) instead of by a readjustment rule as suggested in note 58.
Examples such as sausage suggest that devoicing in this position may be more general, not requiring formative boundary.
Words such as kinesis, osmosis suggest either that is be added to (124) or that the underlying forms are kinet, osmot, etc., and that the Spirantization Rule (120) has an additional case involving is.
There are, however, questions about the [s][t] alternations in pairs such as galaxygalactic, climaxclimactic, osmosisosmotic that we have not answered.
Also relevant here are the wellknown morphological processes that determine the voicing of final [f], [s], [0] in nounverb pairs and adjectiveverb pairs.
Thus we have devoicing in the nouns choice,61 advice, breath, abuse, formed from the corresponding verbs, and voicing in the verbs house, clothe, etc., which are presumably formed from the underlying nouns.
Similarly, we have pairs such as safesave, lifelite, with devoicing in the adjective and noun and voicing in the verb.
Whatever the correct analysis of these forms may be, we should have no difficulty incorporating it within the framework so far established, For example, the rule that devoices the final continuant of a noun or adjective derived from a verb can be formulated in terms of a lexical category associated with such derived forms, which becomes a segmental feature [+cp] by the conpresumably determined by the final lei, which is later elided), we can omit any consideration of this matter from rule (124), since voicing will be accounted for by the sVoicing Rule
(119), extended to the other continuants by dropping the feature [+strident].
A further modification is required in the Spirantization Rule (120).
If the rule remains in its present form, words such as question and bastion will appear in the output as *[kwesson] and *[bassan], rather than as [kwescon] and [bascon].
The reason is that (120) spirantizes occurrences of /tl before the suffix ion.
The [s] resulting from (120) is then subject to the We recall in this regard that Spirantization does not apply in words such asfactual (see p. 229).
In these words the underlying /t/ is reflected in the output as [c], which is precisely what is needed in the case of question, bastion.
Thus, if the Spirantization Rule can be modified so that it does not apply to the /t/ in question, bastion, the correct output will be obtained: the ItI will be unaffected by Spirantization and will subsequently be changed to [e] by the Palatalization Rule (121), just as in the case of factual.
The simplest way to achieve this result seems to be to block the application of cases (b) and (c) of the Spirantization Rule in obstruents that are preceded by [s].
In other words, we require that the segment undergoing the relevant cases of Spirantization be preceded by {[ that is, by a segment which is either a sonorant or a noncontinuant.
The rule will then not apply to the /t/ in question, bastion, which is preceded by a continuant obstruent, and the As matters now stand, the examples where Spirantization is blocked involve only the position following [s].
Note, however, that the above modification as stated will prevent the rule from applying after other continuant obstruents as well.
This fact has an interesting consequence for a case not yet analyzed.
Consider the word righteous, which is clearly derived from right.
If the underlying form for right is Iritl, then righteous would be represented as /rit+i+;,s/ on the lexical level.
By the Laxing Rule, we derive [rit+i+;,s]; and the rules of this section give, finally, *[risas].
Thus the correct form, [raycos], deviates from what is expected in two ways: first, in that the first vowel is tense rather than lax; second, in that it has [e] instead of expected [s], These observations lead us to seek a different analysis Suppose that we represent right as Iricptl, where cp is a continuant.
Suppose then that ventions discussed in Section 2.2.
We can then add to rule (124) the context [+cp].
If, alternatively, the suggestion of note 46 can be realized and the voicing of [f], [s], [0] can be If the verb is the underlying form, then we will presumably have to give it the lexical representation /c5z/.
The past tense form will be determined correctly as [c6wzl by regular processes.
To derive the present tense form [ciiwz],we must mark the verb choose with the feature that permits double application of the Vowel Shift Rule in its present tense form, in the manner discussed in Section 4.3.5.
To derive choice, we must subject the underlying form /c5z/ to a unique case of lexical backness adjustment which does not carry with it the automatic rounding adjustment that makes rounding coincide with backness.
Thus /c5z/ will, by this process, become [ca:z], which becomes [c5yz] in the regular way, and then [c5ys] by the devoicing associated with the derivational process of nominalization.
Rule (125) must follow Laxing and precede Vowel Shift: it can therefore be part of the general Tensing Rule.
Rule (126) will be one of the late rules of deletion, following (124).
With these rules, we derive [riet] fr;pm underlying Iricptl by rule (125), and then [rayt] by Diphthongization, Vowel Shift, Backness Adjustment, and rule (126).
But now consider righteous, represented Iricpt+i+;,s/.
Considering just the final cycle, we have the derivation
We are grateful to P.
Schachter for drawing our attention to certain aspects of this problem.
Moreover, if cases such as pugnaciousimpugn are also to be handled by this rule, (128) We then form righteous from underlying /rixt+i+~s/ by derivation (127) with [x] replacing j<p/.
Both of the rules (125) and (126) fall together with other already motivated rules (see The same device might be used to explain various other exceptions to trisyllabic laxing, as in the boldface positions of nightingale and mightily.
Furthermore, we can use it we add a rule converting [g] to a continuant in the context [+ nasal] #.
Then underlying /re=signj, /prerre+digmj will become [rezign], [preradigm] before Ation, atic, respectively, but in the forms in isolation, [g] will become [y] before [+ nasal] #.
If we simplify rule (128) to the context [x, y], then that rule will convert [re e siyn] and [pertejdivm] to
[re e sivn], [prenejdlym], respectively.
The tensed vowel becomes lay] in the familiar way.
Rule (129) will delete [y], giving the forms [riyzayn], [preradaym].
Finally, it has been suggested to us by S.
Anderson that the apparently irregular occurrence of [IJ] instead of [1Jg] in wordmedial position, as in dinghy, hangar, gingham, Birmingham, may be readily accounted for if the forms are assumed to have underlying representations such as jdinxij, jxrenxr/, etc.
The nasal will assimilate the point of articulation of the following velar by a rule that is independently motivated (cf. think, finger, etc.) Next, (129) deletes [x] by an extension whichrequires deletion of this segment in the These alternations support the choice of [x] over other possibilities for <p in example The tensing of vowels before velar continuants is apparently restricted to high vowels.
Although examples are far from plentiful, cases such as phlegmphlegmatic, diaphragmdiaphragmatic seem to suggest that nonhigh vowels do not undergo tensing here.
We can illustrate the rules we have discussed with derivations such as the following.
We restrict ourselves to the rules of this section, for the most part.
Thus rules (125) and (126) will account for both of the unexpected features of righteous, if we can make an appropriate choice of a continuant for /<p/.
Notice that Spirantization, rule Note that as matters now stand, dental, palatoalveolar, and labial continuants can appear in postvocalic position (e.g., miss, wrist, if, rift, swish), but the velar continuant [x] cannot.
Filling this phonological gap, we can represent right as /rixt/, taking [x] to be {<p/ in the analysis just suggested.
We then replace (125) by (128) and coalesce the rephrased version of (126) with rule (lIl), which is now placed much later in the ordering, in fact,
63 The pronunciation [lowjasizm] requires the underlying form /15g+ik/, an exception to laxi~g before ic. 64Notice that the segment [i] following [~] in artificiality has already been tensed by the Tensing Rule, and the segment [i] following [c] in decision has already been laxed by the Laxing Rule.
65Recall the discussion (p. 231) of the [sHill alternation in such forms.
In this chapter we restate the major rules of the phonology as given in the preceding chapters, ordered in the way that is required by the facts cited in the discussion.
In the previous chapters the assumption has been made that the vowels appearing in the abstract underlying representations of English lexical items are monophthongs.
Diphthongsii.e., sequences of a vowel followed by a glideare the result of phonological rules that insert glides in certain positions. 1 There are six lax vowels in the underlying
In some dialects there is an additional marginal subcategorization of /re/ (see p. 205).
The tense vowels include the tense correlates of the lax vowels; and there is distinctive rounding for the low tense vowels, so that we have the full set: /re/ /re/ /a/ /5/.
The distinctive feature complexes of the individual segments mentioned in the discussion appear The rules that we have given fall into two general classes: the rules of the readjustment component and the phonological rules.
The former apply before any of the phonological rules.
They express properties of lexicalformatives in certain restricted syntactic contexts, and they modify syntactically generated surface structures in a variety of ways.
The phonological rules are organized in a transformational cycle.
A considerable number of phonological rules, however, are limited so that they apply in the cycle only when the level of word boundary has been reached.
We have called the latter rules of wordlevel phonology.
There are, of course, sequences of vowels in the underlying representations.
These may occur across a formative boundary, as in scient; which is phonologically /ski+ent/ (giving science, scientific by regular processes); or they may occur, marginally, within certain formatives, such as neo, dia, dial, fuel, via.
The cyclic rules fall together in the ordering, and all but rule (16) (which changes i to y and y to i) are rules of primary stress assignment.
If the ordering were revised so that (11) (the Alternating Stress Rule) and (18) (the Compound, Nuclear Stress, and Stress Adjustment Rules) preceded (16), then the rules that assign primary stress would be consecutive and would collapse intoa single schema of the form: We noted that the justification for ordering (16) before (17) is not overwhelming, and there is no relation between (16) and (18).
If, furthermore, the analysis is revised in such a way as to drop rule (16) from the cycle, then the cycle would be restricted to a single elaborate schema abbreviating a complex set of rules, with intricate relations of ordering among them, all assigning primary stress in certain positions.
In Chapter Three we explained why we were unable to acceptthis analysis, but it seems sufficiently attractive for more thought to be given Among the processes of primary stress assignment, there are three that shift stress to the left: the others shift stress to the right, in general.
The three processes that shift stress left are the Stressed Syllable Rule (condition (c) of the Main Stress Rule (15)), the Alternating Stress Rule (17), and the Compound Rule of (18).
As we have noted several times, it is not impossible that the Compound Rule can be amalgamated with the Stressed Syllable Rule (as the Nuclear Stress Rule can be amalgamated with condition (e) of the Main Stress Rule) in terms of a general notion of sonority (see p. 91).
Although we rejected this analysis, for reasons indicated earlier, we feel that it still merits attention.
It is also worth mentioning the possibility of amalgamating the Stressed Syllable and Alternating Stress Rules, each of which shifts stress to the left within a word before a final stressed syllable (with the modifications presented in the detailed exposition earlier).
Such an amalgamation, like the others just noted, has more than a superficial plausibility, but we have rejected it for several reasons.
First, there are certain technical difficulties, within our framework, in formulating the schema that would incorporate both these processes.
More seriously, a careful analysis of the cases suggests that there really is a fundamental distinction between them.
The matter is important, both for synchronic and diachronic study of English, and some Reducing the Stressed Syllable Rule and the Alternating Stress Rule to their essentials, we see that each defines a context containing a stressed syllable, and each assigns primary stress in a domain that is to the left of this context.
The Stressed Syllable Rule interprets this domain in terms of the Romance Stress Rule; thus it assigns primary stress to a final strong cluster or to the syllable preceding a final weak cluster, in this domain.
The Alternating Stress Rule, on the other hand, assigns primary stress to the penultimate syllable of the domain, independently of the form of the final syllable of the domain.
Thus the Stressed Syllable Rule is responsible for placement of primary stress in the boldface position in anticipatory and confiscatory (where the dash separates the domain from the context); and the Alternating Stress Rule is responsible for the position of primary stress in anecdote.
It might be supposed that these processes can be amalgamated by assigning the feature [+ D], which excludes a syllable from the domain of stress assignment (see p. 138), in the case of the Alternating Stress Rule, just as [+ D] was assigned for the Stressed Syllable and Affix Rules in certain instances.
At best, this would be unfortunate, since assignment of [+ D] is by general rule in the latter cases, whereas in this case it would be entirely idiosyncratic and ad hoc.
Still worse, the proposal will fail because of such words as extrapolate, in which the penultimate syllable of the domain is weak and noninitial.
There is, however, a still more serious reason for suspecting that the two processes under discussion do not fall together.
There is an interesting generalization that must somehow be captured by the rules in question: namely, the Alternating Stress Rule, which does not make use of the strong cluster principle, applies in a given cycle if and only if stress has been assigned to the final syllable in this cycle under one of the conditions (a)(e) of the Main Stress Rule; whereas the Stressed Syllable Rule, which does make use of the strong cluster principle, applies in a given cycle if and only if stress has been assigned to the final syllable either in an earlier cycle under condition (e) of the Main Stress Rule or in the cycle in question under condition (a) of the Main Stress Rule.
This is an important correlation between reliance on the strong cluster principle, on the one hand, and a complex interconnection of rules, on the other.
It is precisely this generalization that is expressed by the ordering of condition (c) of the Main Stress Rule between conditions (a) and (e), along with the principles of cyclic application and of disjunctive and conjunctive ordering.
This conclusion appears to us to be significant.
It leads us to believe that the attempt to amalgamate the Stressed Syllable Rule and Alternating Stress Rule would be misguided, quite apart from any technical considerations, despite the similarity between the two processes.
In the list below a few readjustment rules are given first ((1)(9)), merely as an illustrative sample.
They are followed by the phonological rules ((10)(43)).
The rules that are not restricted to the level of word boundary are starred; all rules not starred in this list are rules of wordlevel phonology.
We will give each rule with a citation of the chapter (Roman numeral) and example number of the most recent reference to it; where there are several citations, these refer to relevant comments about the form of the rule.
The rules are not where Y#... [1 stress]... ; Z#... # #... [l stress] / Co ( = ) CoVCo [l stress] CO]NAV The preconsonantallaxing rule as given here incorporates a refinement over the formulation in Chapter Four (rule (8».
Laxing does not take place in consonant clusters ending with a liquid.
Thus, when a true consonant precedes a liquid, we find both tense and lax vowels: there is supple, bubble, calibre, massacre, in which the vowel is lax, as well as maple, noble, Cyprus, migrate, meter (cf. metric), acre, in which the 3 We have modified this rule and the tensing rule (23IV) that follows it by introducing an optional aCons ,just as we did in defining weak cluster for purposes of stress placement (cf.
Chapter Three, (49».
This was done in order to aceountfor the fact that here, too, a consonant followed by [r] or a glide behaves like a single consonant.
With this extension we can account for tensing in the boldface position in words such as cupric, putrify, Ukraine, inebriate, appropriate, opprobrium, repatriate, colloquial, Clearly, we are leaving unexpressed an important generalization, namely, that in many different respects, consonantliquid and consonantglide strings function as single consonants.
Actually, the situation is still more complex.
We recall that we were forced to include the weak cluster option not only in the Main Stress Rule and Tensing Rules, but also in the Auxiliary Reduction Rule (120) of Chapter Three (see (24) here).
As noted, this repetition indicates that we have failed to capture important properties of strong and weak clusters and thus points to a defect in our theory that merits further q) Co [ V ] Co [ V ] Co { [8s~ess] We have extended this rule over (20) of Chapter Four by generalizing the preboundary case of tensing to all boundaries other than formative boundary, thus to = as well as #.
Recall that = appears in forms such as /pre=tend/, /re=sist/ (cf.
Chapter Three, Section 10), where tensing would otherwise not take This rule deserves a more extensive study than we have given it.
In particular, its position in the ordering is open to some question.
Our only justification for placing it here is that, for reasons mentioned in note 18 of Chapter Four, it may follow Vowel Shift so as to account for nonelision in the boldface position in words such as simultaneous.
The rule of eElision should be distinguished from a rule that drops both jej and the glides jyj and [e] before various affixes, as in telescopic, telescopy, harmonic, and harmonize.
The We have noted (see p. 195 of Chapter Four) that the rule of eElision can be used to account for the fact that the first syllable is short in words such as issue, tissue, value, menu.
As pointed out to us by S.
J.
Keyser, it can be used to explainthe lax vowel in the first syllable in words such as pity, city, if we derive these from jpitee:j, jsitee:j.
Stress will be placed on the first syllable by the usual rule for nouns, and the trisyllabic laxing rule will guarantee that the stressed vowel is lax.
The lels will tense, and the glide [e:] will elide.
By the rule mentioned in note 18, Chapter Four, final [ey] will become [fy].
This idea
7 We leave open the question of just how the reduced vowel is actualized phonetically in various contexts.
Note that this formulation of Backness Adjustment is for the dialect with [awl rather than [rew] as the reflex of underlying juj. (See rule (39) and note 48 in Chapter Four.) This rule when stated in its fully general form should incorporate the rule that converts stressed [a] into [re] in forms such as Alabama, alabaster (see Chapter Three, p. 152).
We omit rule (40) of Chapter Four, which, in dialects that have [rew] In this chapter we review the vowel systems of four English dialects spoken in earlier centuries.
Our purpose is to trace the evolution of the pivotal rules of the modern English some explanation for the remarkable stability of the underlying system of representations.
The four dialects examined below were chosen because they illustrate the main steps in the evolution.
They do not, of course, constitute a single line of descent from the earliest to the latest; nor is any of them necessarily the lineal ancestor of the dialect of modern English that is described in the main part of this book.
The dialects are, however, sufficiently closely related so as to provide us with a reasonably clear picture of the main lines of development.
In our view, a grammar of a language represents the linguistic competence of a speaker.
In acquiring a language, a child does not memorize the utterances he hears; rather, he somehow utilizes these utterances to construct for himself a grammar, that is, a collection of rules in accordance with which he can produce and understand an unlimited number of utterances, many of them new to him and not similar in any significant sense to those previously encountered.
The rules that constitute the grammar of a particular speaker determine in detail the form of the sentences that the speaker will produce and understand.
If two speakers differ in the phonetic (or semantic) interpretation they assign to sentences, this difference can only be due to some difference in the character or organization of the rules that make up their respective grammars.
Consequently an observed linguistic change can have only one sourcea change in the grammar that underlies the observed utterances.
A straightforward way of effecting changes in a grammar is to add new rules.
The addition of a rule to the phonological component may be regarded as the most rudimentary. type of sound change.
When such a change takes place, the added rule will satisfy the same formal constraints as the other rules of the phonological component.
Many sound changes known in diachronic phonology are of this type.
By and large the familiar sound laws are, in fact, rules added to the phonological component, although one can easily imagine possible cases that could not be properly described in this way.
The conception of linguistic change as a change in the grammar is also implicit in the traditional views of sound change.
One of the crucial facts that linguists have tried to explain is that speakers are by and large unaware of the changes that their language is undergoing.
The reason for this, it has been claimed, is that changes affect only the phonetic actualization of particular soundsand, moreover, in so slight a measure that the changes appear to be gradual.
In other words, in this view, which we might call the gradual view of sound change, phonetic changes are restrictedwith a few notable exceptions such as epenthesis, elision, and metathesisto changes in the lowlevel phonetic rules that assign the precise numerical value to the different features in different contexts.
Thus, vowels may be articulated somewhat farther back than before, or consonants may be actualized in some environment with aspiration of degree 4 whereas earlier they were actualized in that environment with degree 2.
While there is no logical reason to reject this view of sound change, there is certainly no reason to give it special status.
With the exception of the fact that speakers are unaware of an ongoing changea fact which is easily explainable on the ground that speakers are, in general, unaware of the contents of their grammarthere is very little factual data to bear out this view.
This embarrassing situation has not passed unnoticed.
For example, Hoenigswald (1964) has written:... since it is surely difficult to imagine a speaker discoursing about an ongoing sound change, it was by no means unreasonable to think of sound change as gradual and hence imperceptible.
The sounds, the ranges of articulation, the statistical maxima of these ranges become more and more similar to each other in a nondistinctive way until, presumably, the harm is done, and the speakers (who would never have dreamed of dropping a given phonetic contrast of their own free will) are insidiously trappedthis seems to be the picture.
So far as I know it has always been an entirely speculative picture whose best feature is a surface plausibility which it once possessed but does not possess any more.
Are there any data that would bear it out? (p. 207) The lack of evidence, however, has not prevented scholars from continuing to espouse the gradual view of sound change.
Thus Hockett (1965) proposes to explain sound change precisely in the terms just sketched, without citing any actual instances.
However, Hocketts exposition is notable for the fact that, unlike many writers on this subject, he explicitly recognizes the role that the rules of the grammar play in determining the physical shape of utterances.
Thus the possibility arises immediately in Hocketts stratificational  grammar, as it does in the grammar discussed here, that sound changei.e., systematic changes in the phonetic actualization of particular utterances or parts of utterancesmay be due to changes in the grammar other than in the lowlevel phonetic rules.
For example, a change such as the Germanic spirantization of voiceless stops could readily arise if a rule were.added to the component that in Hocketts grammar maps strings of morphons into successions of bundles of distinctive features (p. 200).
Surprisingly, this possibility is not In the traditional approach to sound change, a sound law is an observed correspondence between two stages of a language, a formula expressing the relationship between the phonological representation of forrnatives before and after the change.
The effects of a
For further discussion of Hocketts treatment of sound change, see Postal (1968, Chapter 14). change, therefore, are incorporated directly into the lexical representations of individual formatives.
In our approach, on the other hand, a rule that is added to the grammar may continue to function for many generations without causing changes in the lexical representations.
Our view of sound change thus permits an explanation of the observations made by Bloomfield (1939) when he found, in a synchronic description of Menomini, that: our basic forms do bear some resemblance to those which would be set up for a description of ProtoAlgonquian, some of our statements of alternation... resemble those which would appear in a description of ProtoAlgonquian, and the rest... as to content and order, approximate the historical development In the light of the preceding statements, the conclusion might be drawn that a grammar of a language contains nothing but rules that at one time or another were introduced into the language by the operation of a sound 19w.,,2 This does not happen to be the case: in synchronic grammars one finds numerous rules that cannot be traced directly to any sound change.
Before we turn to actual examples, let us consider why this is so.
An essential feature of our theory of language is that it includes an evaluation measure which makes it possible to assign values to alternative grammars.
It is on the basis of this evaluation measure that a child learning a language chooses one of the grammars (of which there are, in principle, infinitely many) compatible with the fairly restricted body of linguistic data to which he has been exposed.
The grammar that a child constructs in learning his native tongue will therefore always be the one that ranks highest in terms of It is easy to see that the addition of a given rule to a grammar G! may result in a grammar G 2 that produces the same linguistic forms as some other grammar G 3 yet is ranked lower than G 3 by the evaluation measure.
We shall assume that when the language of adults undergoes such a change, their grammar is modified only by the addition of the rule in question.
When the children of these adults learn their native language from their parents, they will construct for themselves the highest ranking grammar G 3 , which in principle may be quite different from G 2, the grammar of the parents.
The fact that children and parents may have quite different grammars though speaking all but identical idiolects should hardly occasion surprise.
When children learn their mother tongue, they are exposed not to its grammar directly but rather to the output of this grammar as it is actualized in the utterances of the parents, and it is on the basis of these utterances that children construct the grammar of the language.
The childrens grammar will contain a given phonological rule which corresponds to a historically attested change and is present in the grammar of their parents only if the grammar containing this rule is the most highly valued grammar in terms of the evaluation measure.
In our discussion of the history of the English vowel system, we shall encounter changes such as the trisyllabic laxing rule (rule (19), Chapter Four), which has been carried over intact from the eleventh century into the contemporary language, and we shall also find changes where the particular rule that was added vanished Garde (1965), for example, reached this conclusion: Nous arrivons done it ce dilemme: ou bien les regles synchroniques sont une nouvelle formulation des lois diachroniques, ou bien elles sont fausses 3 One might speculate that the adults inability to modify his grammar except by the addition or elimination of a few rules is one aspect of the wellknown deterioration in the adults capacity to acquire a new from the contemporary language after having left appropriate traces in other parts of the grammar, in particular, in the representation of items in the lexicon and in new phonological The language had two phonological processes that affected the tenseness (traditionally the quantity) of vowels.
These processes, which are still productive in contemporary English (see (8), (19), (20), Chapter Four), are represented by the following rules: Late Middle English is commonly assumed to have possessed the following simple In addition the language possessed a number of diphthongs which we shall assume were all made up of a tense vowel followed by a glide: The diphthong represented here as jewj derives historically from a number of sources (see Jespersen, 1909, pp.101102), among which are early ME ill and French u. 5 We shall assume that in late ME, i.e., at the stage of the language with which we are concerned here, this entity was represented as jewj, for this underlying representation results in the simplest grammar.
If it is assumed that the underlying representation is jiwj, it would be necessary to add an ad hoc rule exempting this diphthong from an otherwise general tensing rule (see rule (4) below).
In any event, we adopt the position of Jespersen and others who have held that in ME there were two, not three, diphthongs composed of front vowel and jwj.
Some handbooks indicate that there was also a diphthong juyj, but its status is quite unclear since sources differ as to the words that are supposed to exemplify juyj.6 We shall make the assumption that this diphthong occupied a marginal position in the language.
Thus a few words, specifically marked in the dictionary, were allowed to contain juyj, but It is obvious that the same development may take place when, instead of adding a rule, the language eliminates or changes an already existing rule.
For further discussion of this question, see Kiparsky 5 We shall not e?ter here into the involved question of whether Middle English had the sound [til, but shall assume that this was not the case and that all English reflexesof foreign [ti] coincided with the contemporary reflexes of ME jewj.
Our views in this matter have been decisively influenced by Zachrissons study (1913).
His conclusion that the diphthong jewj and the French jyj were both pronounced ill or (ju.)... [and that] there is no conclusive evidence for the pronounciation (y) (p. 223) seems to us correct. (See the survey of more recent literature in Danielsson (1963, pp. 113 f.)) 6 Jespersen (1909): the early history of the diphthongs [oi and uiNCjMH] is obscure: Luicks attempt to separate them is not successful (p. 100).
See also Dobson (1957), pages 910 f., and, especially, the last paragraph on page 823, where much evidence is presented showing that sixteenth century sources made no clear distinction between the two diphthongs.
In view of this evidence it is somewhat surprising that Dobson draws from it the conclusion that in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries ME IIi was still a The Laxing Rule, essentially in the form given in (3), is quite old.
According to Jordan (1934), laxing before double consonants is attested about the year 1000 (p. 41), and laxing in trisyllabic words before 1100 (p. 43).
Rule (3) is not meant to exhaust all historically attested instances of laxing but is specifically restricted to those that are still operative in the contemporary language.
For similar reasons we have given only one environment for tensing, although at different stages of the evolution of the language there were numerous other environments in which tensing took place (see Excursus 2 below).
The environment in rule (4) is a special case of tensing in open syllable, a phenomenon well attested in
English since at least the thirteenth century (Hom and Lehnert, 1954, p. 662).
In his discussion of tenseness (length) of vowels in Romance borrowings, Luick (1907) observes that in bisyllabic words great variation is apparent.
While some of the words, such as banner, barrel, bottle, button, gal/on, mutton, show a lax vowel, others such as basin, mason, label, bacon show a tense vowel, and still others such as lever vacillate between a tense and a lax vowel.
We should like to propose the following to account for this phenomenon.
In borrowed words stressed vowels were tense in open syllables; for example, chace, vile, close (see Luick, 1907).
It has been shown by Halle and Keyser (forthcoming) that as a result of the laxing of vowels in a final syllable that was either open or closed by a single consonant, stress was shifted in trisyllabic and longer words, from the final syllable to the antepenult if the penultimate syllable ended with a weak cluster; otherwise, stress shifted from the final syllable to the penult.
Examples of the latter shift are provided by words such as condition in Chaucer.
In certain lines this word has final stress, as indicated by the rime, e.g., with resoun (A.
P. 39); on the other hand, in lines such as the word must be stressed on the antepenult for the line to be metrically regular.
To account for these stress alternants, it must be assumed that in Chaucers time the rule laxing vowels in final syllables was optional and, moreover, applied before the Stress Rule, whereas the rule tensing stressed vowels in Romance words, as well as the Laxing Rules (3a, b), must be assumed to have applied (synchronically) after the Stress Rule.
The Laxing Rules (3a, b) are thus distinct and separate from the rule laxing vowels in Many ME inflected forms, e.g., plural forms, had an additional syllable (baronbarones).
As a consequence, bisyllabic forms alternated with trisyllabic forms; i.e., a given word had case forms that were subject to the Laxing Rule (3b) as well as case forms that were not subject to laxing.
Hence, at that stage of the language, tenselax alternations sometimes served as supplementary signals for the difference between singular and plural.
There has been a certain amount of discussion concerning the nature of the earliest (preseventeenth century) products of the Vowel Shift.
In particular, Dobson, in his encyclopedic English Pronunciation 15001700 (1957), concluded that the reflexes [ey] and [ow] of ME tense Iii and lill could not have existed.
He writes: The usual theory... is that ME i developed through the stages [ei] [si] [rei] to [ail.
This view is altogether impossible.
If the development had been that suggested, ME i would have crossed the path of ME ai developing to [rei] and [si]...
Yet the two sounds are always kept distinct, as they are still.
ME i can never have been [si], and we must therefore admit that the orthoepists transcription of ME i as ei and their comparison of it with foreign [ei] sounds When in the course of the further evolution of the language the lei of the plural suffix was lost, there were two types of bisyllabic words: those like (5), which had accompanying alternations between tense and lax vowels, and others which did not show such alternations.
These tenseness alternations soon vanished, with the result that certain of the words were entered in the lexicon with tense vowels and others with lax vowels.
Thus gallon now has a lax vowel, bacon a tense vowel, and lever (and perhaps a few other forms) vacillates It is often argued, on the basis of some of these identifications with foreign sounds and some of the analyses and transcriptions, that ME u was diphthongized in the first instance to {ou], as it is similarly argued that ME i was diphthongized to [ei]...
But in this event ME u would have become identical with ME ou, which remained as a diphthong long after ME uhad become one.
It is obvious that they did not become identical; alleged rhymes between the two sounds are to be otherwise explained... (p. 684).
In modern English tensing also takes place in the environment (6) (see It is interesting to observe that the sixteenth century orthoepist Hart (see Section 2) does not have tensing in this environment.
Thus he gives grik with a tense lei actualized as [i], but gresian with lax [e].
Furthermore, Hart shows lax vowels in his transcriptions of period, nasions, experience, komodiuzlei, in the boldface positions, where in modern English, because of the extension of tensing to environment (6), we get tense vowels.
By 1644 Hodges (see Kauter, 1930b) does have tensing in this environment, as shown by his transcriptions period, Saviour, convenient? (although experience is listed twice without any indication of In the fifteenth century English underwent what is traditionally known as the Great Vowel Shift.
We have clear evidence of this from the early sixteenth century.
The long Iii must... have become leil about 1500; it is transcribed ei in the Welsh hymn written about that time (Jespersen, 1909, p. 234).
At about the same time tense lei and 101 become [i] and [ill. respectively.
Jespersen (1909) notes that the development of special spellings for 151 and lrel distinct from those for 101 and lei dates from this time only:
... in ME each of the letters e and 0 denoted two long vowels, Ie· e] and.
This was not felt to be singular any more than it is in many other languages, and no effort was made to give graphical expression to the distinction.
But in the middle of the 16th century we find the spelling ie coming into use for the close variety of e, and ea for the open, and at the same time oa becomes usual for the open osound...
If we assume the values lilinfield and IU1 in too coexisting with/el in beast and 11 in road, we can easily see why people should have adopted distinct notations for sounds which had become It is important to note that Dobsons conclusions concerning the pronunciation of these sounds in the sixteenth century are not based on evidence from the sources, but are rather inferences drawn on the assumption that sound change is a gradual process.
Since what Dobson terms the usual view concerning the facts of sixteenth century pronunciation of ME tense Iii and lill cannot be reconciled with a view of sound change as a gradual process, Dobson feels justified in interpreting away the statements and transcriptions to be found in sixteenth century sources. (Cf.
Zachrisson (1913, p. 205, p. 207); Dobson (1957, pp. 65960, p. 684); and see Section 2 for quotations from one of these sources, John Hart.) We have seen, however (Section 1.1), that the existence of gradual sound change is far from solidly established in spite of its very general acceptance.
Therefore it does not in itself provide sufficient reason for rejecting explicit statements made by an observer such as Hart, whom Dobson himself ranks among the greatest English phoneticians (p. 62), and whose statements there is no other reason to doubt.
Incidentally, in Harts speech the ME nonhigh nonlow (mid) vowels were high monophthongs, whereas the ME high vowels had become nonhigh nonlow (mid) diphthongs which were distinct from the reflexes of the ME diphthongs.
This simultaneous lowering and raising processwhich is to be distinguished from the one referred to by Dobsoncould be accounted for without difficulty even if one were to adopt the gradual view of sound change: the environments where Ii! and lill are lowered to [e] and [0] are distinct from those where lei and 101 are raised to [i] and [il] since only reflexes of ME /if and lill were diphthongized in Hart.
Finally, as will be shown, the appearance in the seventeenth century of [AY] and [AW] as reflexes of ME tense Iii and lill is correlated with the appearance at the same time of [A] as the reflex of lax lui and with a host of other phenomena which were unknown in the sixteenth century.
At this point in time, then, the nonlow tense vowels of Middle English had under6 In the absence of evidence either for or against, we shall assume that the diphthongized vowels were To account for these changes, we propose that the following two ordered rules were added to the grammar of English in the fifteenth century: That is, we assume that high tense vowels were diphthongized and that subsequently tense nonlow vowels under stress were subject to an exchange rule that turned high vowels into Although the two rules have to apply in the order indicated, we do not claim that they were added to the language in this order.
It is possible that in this case the synchronic order coincides with the history of the language, but it is equally possible that rule (9) was. added first and that subsequently rule (8) was introduced before rule (9) in the synchronic order of the rules.
Since there appears to be no factual evidence that would allow us to The proposed solution raises a number of issues that require comment.
In particular, the role of exchange rules such as (9) in phonological change has been questioned on the basis that the addition of such rules to a grammar would result in a serious impairment of intelligibility between speakers who had adopted the change and those who had not.
It might be claimed that it would be confusing if an exchange rule such as the Vowel Shift were added to a grammar since this would result, for example, in former [pul] being pronounced [pol], while former [pol] would be pronounced [piil].
One may reasonably doubt, however, that intelligibility between dialects would be impaired, for it is well known that intelligibility is only moderately affected in normal everyday speech even when all vowel contrasts are eliminated and a single vowel is made to stand in their place, A change like the one described would have very striking effects if subjects speaking a dialect that had not undergone the change in question had to identify correctly words in a randomly selected list.
But word identification tests of this type, though valuable for testing the quality of telephone lines, are of only marginal value in determining the effects of a phonological change on intelligibility.
It might be noted that a subjects performance on such a test would be even worse if the change undergone by the language had been a phonetic merger, a.possible change about which there surely can be no question.
We conclude, then, that intelligibility considerations cannot be advanced as reasons for excluding exchange rules as It may also be observed that it is easy to construct situations in which exchange rules would not result in any conceivable impairment in either intelligibility or word identification.
Consider a language with an ordinary fivevowel pattern lu 0 a e i].
If this language were subject to a rounding shift, the following correspondences would be established: The comments in this section, as well as some in the preceding section, are in response to questions raised primarily by R.
P.
Stockwell, in particular in his Realism in Historical English Phonology, presented at the Winter 1964 meeting of the Linguistic Society of America, and Problems in the Interpretation of the Great English Vowel Shift, presented at Austin, Texas, January 1966.
Since these papers have remained unpublished, we deal with the issues raised without attributing specific views to Stockwell or to All five of the vowels are kept distinct and there is.a change only in the phonetic actualization.
In such a situation there is likely to be no greater impairment of intelligibility than if each of the vowels had been slightly fronted or diphthongized.
Consequently, if, as proposed above, intelligibility were the controlling factor, there would be no reason for excluding a rounding exchange rule.
If, however, the language had also been subject to an umlauting rule which fronted back vowels in certain environments, then the addition of the exchange rule would result in the sort of phonetic switch that, according to the view under examination, is harmful to intelligibility, and the addition of the exchange rule This example brings out a further difficulty in the objection to exchange rules.
Since it is impossible to tell from the form of a rule in isolation whether or not the addition of this rule would result in the type of phonetic switch that supposedly affects intelligibility, it may be necessary to check the derivations of all possible phonological phrases in order to determine this matter.
This is a finite task, since an upper bound can realistically be imposed on the length of the phonological phrase.
However, we feel that global conditions of this sort on the wellformedness of grammars should be excluded in principle.
To allow such conditions would be to assert, in effect, that a check through all possible derivations must be performed by the speaker who is about to add a rule to his grammar, a supposition It should be noted, moreover, that, as we have just seen, the same impairment in a subjects performance on a word identification test would result if the language had originally contained the (by itself harmless) rounding exchange rule and had added the umlaut rule later.
In fact, if word identification were a factor in determining whether or not a rule could be added to a grammar, it would be necessary to check all possible derivations of the grammar before adding any rule at all, since phonetic shift (a~b while b~a) can be produced by the addition of almost any type of rule.
We describe a few such cases below.
A language may possess a pair of rules which have opposite effects in two distinct environments, and the two rules in question may, moreover, be adjacent in the synchronic order of the rules.
This is by no means an unusual situation.
It is found, for instance, in the phonology of English, where, as shown in rule (ll8) of Chapter Four, the glide [y] is replaced by the vowel [i] in one environment and the vowel [i] is replaced by the glide [y] in another environment.
It can readily be imagined that subsequent changes in the grammar might result in a coalescence of the two environments, making the net effect of the two rules equivalent to a regular exchange rule which shifts the feature vocalic in some environment.
An exchange rule might also result from the addition of a rule to the grammar of a: language which already contains a rule with precisely the opposite effect.
For instance consider a langu~ge that i~ subject to a rule assigning the feature [low] to (i.e., raising) ~ense vowels which agree In backness and rounding.
This rule, however, does not result In a merger with other nonhigh vowels, since by a (synchronically) prior rule the latter nonhigh vowels become unrounded and back.
More formally, we may say that the language Suppose that subsequently the language adds a rule lowering nonhigh vowels that do not Once this happens, a simpler grammar is possible, namely, one including the exchange followed by a rule turning the resulting low vowels into [a]: In this case the exchange rule results from the restructuring of a grammar that did not ~ontain rule~ involving feature shift.
Something quite similar to this might have happened In the e~lOlutlOn.of the sec?nd p.art of the Vowel Shift in the dialect from which the variety of English described here IS derived, (See Section 5.2 of this chapter.) It is possible that the first stage of the Vowel Shifti.e., rule (9)is also the result of this type of restructuring.
Subsequent to Diphthongization, tense nonlow monophthongs may have been made high (raised), and then the vowels that had previously been formally, instead of rule (9) the language added rule (15): Some of the dialectal evidence makes such an account quite plausible.
At present, however this is still far from established, and the possibility that (9) was added to the grammar directly cannot be ruled out.
Moreover, even if research should ultimately determine that the first stage of the Vowel Shift is the result of restructuring, this would still not dispose of the possibility of exchange rules being added to a grammar directly.
As noted above, when phonological change is the result of the addition of a rule to a grammar, the added rule must satisfy the constraints that are placed on grammatical rules in general.
It is conceivable that the constraints on rules that can be added to a grammar may be more severe than those on rules that can figure in a grammar.
At the present.time, however, we do not know of any reason why these additional constraints (if there are such) should rule out exchange rules.
In fact, we have just seen that the attempts to impose constraints ruling out certain types of exchange rules are without foundation.
These attempts were based on the mistaken assumption that intelligibility is necessarily impaired when a few distinctive cues are obliterated; they lead not only to the imposition of inappropriate global conditions on phonological change but also to the formal exclusion of phonemic merger, i.e., the exclusion of a type of change that has been observed on numerous occasions.
In sum, it seems to us that exchange ruIes, which are implicit in a notation that allows variables as coefficients of distinctive features, shouId be no more restricted than other types of phonological ruIes and, in particular, that exchange rules may be added to a grammar to produce phonological change.
The fact that the Laxing and Tensing Rules (3) and (4) in one form or another have figured continuously in the language from the eleventh century to the present is one of the reasons for the great stability of the underlying vowel system.
It has been argued in Chapter Four that because of the presence of these two rules, Diphthongization and Vowel Shift must also be phonological rules of the language.
The alternative would be to incorporate the effects of Diphthongization and Vowel Shift directly into the lexical representations of the formatives.
This alternative, however, is not really open to us, since these effects would have to be included in both the Laxing Rule and the Tensing RuIe as well; that is, the complicated facts of Diphthongization and Vowel Shift would have to be stated repeatedly in the grammar.
On the other hand, by representing the tense vowels that have undergone Diphthongization and Vowel Shift as monophthongsi.e., by assuming an underlying vowel system that approximates that of an earlier stage of the languageit is possible to give the Tensing and Laxing Rules in essentially the same simple form as in (3) and (4) and to state the complicated Diphthongization and Vowel Shift Rules only once.
Since the ME diphthongs, unlike the tense vowels, did not generally participate in tenseness alternations, the historical changes to which they were subject were directly reflected in the underlying representations, with the result that diphthongs were ultimately eliminated from the underlying system altogether.
The preceding argument, which is basically a recapitulation of an argument presented in Chapter Four with regard to the facts of modem English, holds for earlier stages of the language as well, since both the Laxing and Tensing Rules have figured in the language for close to a thousand years.
In the discussion that follows, we shall therefore assume that Diphthongization and Vowel Shift are an integral part of the phonological components of the various dialects examined and that the underlying vowel system in large measure The first of the dialects to be examined is that of John Hart, who was a court official during the third quarter of the sixteenth century.
His complete works on English spelling have been published in a careful edition by Bror Danielsson (1955 and 1963), and it is this edition Hart recognized five distinct pairs of tense and lax (in histerminology, long and short) vowel sounds, and he represented these by the letters a e i 0 u.
According to Hart (Danielsson, 1955, p. 190) a is produced with a wyde opening of the mouth as when a man yauneth. e is produced with somewhat more closing the mouth [than aNC/MH], thrusting softlye the inner part of the tongue to the inner and upper great teeth (or gummes for want of teeth), and i by pressing the tongue in like manner [as eNC/MH] yet somewhat more forward and bringing the iawe somewhat more near.
We shall therefore regard [a] as low, back, nonround; [e] as nonlow, nonhigh, nonback, nonround; and [i] as high, At first sight, Harts description of the sound symbolized by the letter 0 may make it appear that he is referring to a low [o] rather than to a nonlow [0], for he characterizes the sound of 0 as being formed by taking awaye all the tongue from the teeth or gummes, as is sayde for the a, and turning the lippes round as a ring.
This, however, cannot be taken to mean that the sound in question had the same low tongue position as [a], but only that it was back, i.e., awaye from all the teeth or gummes, for Hart characterizes as being formed by holding in Tyke manner the tongue from touching the teeth or gummes (as is said of the a, and 0) [our italicsNC/MH].
In other words, Hart neglects (or is unable) to indicate differences in tongue height for back vowels.
Since Harts statements cannot be used to establish whether his 0 is low or nonlow, we shall assume that he meant nonlow [0] everywhere, since this assumption not only provides a more symmetrical vowel system but also leads to a somewhat simpler set of rules.
In addition Hart recognized a number of diphthongs.
Of these there are several (a) Sequences consisting of a glide[y] or [w]followed by a vowel, e.g., (b) Sequences of low vowel followed by a centralizing glide, e.g., oer, oar. (c) Rising diphthongs consisting of a vowel followed by a glide.
It is this class that requires Hart does not have special symbols for the glides [y] and [w] but represents them by the letters i and u, respectively.
This is a direct consequence of Harts general theory of spelling, which leads him to economize on symbols and use the same symbol to represent phonetically In the last of his works, Hart draws a distinction between the reflexes of ME tense lui, which he transcribes ou(i.e., with a lax vowel followed by u), and the reflexes of ME/5w/, which he transcribes QU (i.e., with a tense vowel followed by u).
We assume, therefore, that for Hart the reflex of ME tense lui was [ow], whereas the reflex of ME 15wl was [ow].
As might be expected, Hart transcribes the reflex of ME tense Iii by ei, which we shall take as As noted above (p.255), a number of scholars, notably, Dobson (1957), have suggested that when Hart (as well as other sixteenth century sources) wrote ou and ei, he is to be understood as having meant [AW] and [yy] as reflexes of ME tense lui and Iii.
There is no evidence in Harts writings for such pronunciations, and it would seem unlikely that Hart would fail to record the absence of lip rounding in his reflex of ME lui, as is explicitly assumed by Dobsons transcription [AW].
We have seen above that Dobsons refusal to take
Harts evidence at face value stems from his conception of sound change as a gradual process.
As has already been indicated, this conception of sound change is without factual support.
We have little reason, therefore, to impose extreme interpretations on Harts perfectly As further evidence against the view that Hart pronounced [AW] and [yy], we analyze briefly a comment by Gil (162i), who wrote fifty years after Hart, since this comment has been cited as tending to cast doubt on Harts transcriptions and to support the alternative interpretation advanced by Dobson and others.
The passage in question notes that Smith, a contemporary of Harts, had been criticized quod noui eius characteres nee aspectu grati sunt, nec scriptu faciles.
This shortcoming, according to Gil, had been rectified by Hart to the best of his ability, but ille, praeterquam quod nonnullas literas ad vsum pernecessarias omisit, sermonem nostrum characteribus suis non sequi, sed ducere meditabatur.
Gil thus appears to feel that Harts choice of symbols was a result of his wish to impose a particular pronunciation, which Gil did not approve of; and after citing a series of what he regards to be mistaken symbolizations in Hart, including in particular ei pro I, Gil adds,  Non nostras his voces habes, sed Mopsarum fictitias.
It should be noted, however, that regardless of whether one accepts Gils criticism of Hart, it is clear from Gils words that Harts transcriptions represent an actual dialect, which Gil disapprovingly terms Mopsarum fictitias.
Gils remarks were therefore intended to question the social acceptability of the pronunciation recorded by Hart, not its existence, which is the point We have already mentioned that in his last work Hart represented the reflex of the
ME diphthong 15wl as [ow].
This, however, is not the only reflex of this diphthong in Hart.
In his earlier works, as well as in several places in the last work, the diphthong in question is transcribed by 9, i.e., by the same letter as the reflex of ME tense 151.
We take this to represent the sound [0].10 (See (16), p. 263.) Against ones expectations, there is no similar vacillation with regard to the nonback partner of 15w/: the reflex of ME lreyl in Hart is uniformly transcribed? and thus coalesces everywhere with the reflex of ME tense lre/.
We are now faced with the question of whether the vacillations in Harts transcriptions of ME 15wl represent actual vacillations in his speech or instead result only from certain inadequacies in his observations.
We shall take the position that the latter was the casethat early in Harts career he was unable to tell whether or not a tense [0] was followed by a homorganic glide, whereas later he was able to distinguish between [0] and [ow].
A parallel question arises with regard to the absence of any distinction between the reflexes of ME lreyl and lre/.
Here, too, we shall assume that Harts evidence cannot be taken at face value and that in his speech the diphthongs had not been monophthongized. (If, incidentally, Harts transcriptions did accurately reflect his speech, we would have to modify the proposed set of rules (pp. 26465) in the following way.
We would have to add a rule monophthongizing low diphthongs except for law/.
This rule would be obligatory for the reflex of lreyl but optional for the reflex of 15w/.
We could generalize the Diphthong Laxing Rule (see rule (21)) to all vowels, provided that the optional diphthongal reflex of ME 15wl Actually the vacillations are even more varied than indicated above.
Thus Hart writes Oil for the words own, bow, ho (exclamation), sew, sow, sol~, mow (Danielsson, 1955, p. 244), but he writes short 0 for know (seven times, though once kIlOIl), tilOw (three times), bestowed.
Danielsson (1963, p. 154) believes that these spellings were a result of the fact that Hart apparently considered the length mark superfluous in this case but his pronunciation must have been kno ro ro.
In any case, it is difficult to accept the spellings at face value, as was done by Dobson (1957, pp. 51316), for as Danielsson and also Dobson himself note, English vowels are normally tensed in open syllables, and there is no evidence that vowels were somehow exempted from laxing.
These modifications, however, do not shed any new light on the evolution of the English vowel system.
We have therefore adopted here the somewhat radical interpretation noted above.
Our main purpose is as well served by the simpler facts as by the more complex facts that face us if we take Harts transcriptions at
The reflex of the ME diphthong /fJy/ is normally represented with a lax first vowel.
In the last of his works, however, Hart seems to make a distinction between two roy] diphthongs, one with a lax vowel and the other with a tense vowel, although the diphthong with the tense vowel appears only in the one word lister.
The rarity of the appearance of a tense vowel in roy] seems to us to be connected with Harts inability, except at the very end of his career, to distinguish tenseness of vowels in diphthongs.
As long as he regarded [ow] as a monophthong, he had no contrasts in tenseness for vowels in diphthongs, and he quite naturally transcribed all diphthongal vowels without any indication of tenseness, that is, as lax.
When in 1569 or 1570 Hart discovered that in addition to [0] he also had [ow], he realized that he had diphthongs that contrasted in the tenseness of the vowel, i.e., [ow] from ME /fJw/ and [ow] from ME /ii/.
His attempts to determine which diphthongs had tense vowels and which had lax vowels were apparently not successful.
We shall therefore not rely on Harts indications completely but shall assume that only the reflexes of ME nonlow vowels were laxed before glides.
Thus the reflex of ME /fJy/, with a low vowel, is taken to be [oy], with a tense vowel, throughout.
In line with this decision, we shall interpret Harts au in lau or because, which is a reflex of the ME diphthong raw/, as representing [awl The word join is transcribed twice in Hart as d3iufn, where the diaeresis above the i indicates that this is not a diphthongal pronunciation.
Since this is a totally isolated instance, we shall not attempt to offer an explanation for it, but shall regard it as a special idiosyncracy without systematic significance.
It is worth stressing that this exhausts the evidence in Hart for the existence of a distinction between the diphthongs /uy/ and /fJy/.
The ME diphthong /rew/ appears in Harts transcriptions as eu or ieu, which we interpret phonetically as few] and [yew], respectively.
The transcription eau which appears in Harts renderings of the words beautify and ewer will be regarded as an error (cf.
Dobson, 1957, p. 803) or, at any rate, as being without systematic import.
The occasional appearance of the [y] before this diphthong will be accounted for by a rule which inserts aglide before certain diphthongs (see rule (19a)).
In this case the rule will be optional.
The reflexes of /rew/that is, few] and [yew]are kept distinct by Hart from those of ME lew, lW/ or Romance fu/.
Danielsson (1963) observes with regard to the latter In this case it is evident that Hart did not use Uu] but [iu], as is also shown by his transcriptions oius the use... and tiuz to use... which indicate that the words begin with a vocalic element, i.e., most probably the first While we accept Danielssons interpretations in general, it seems to us that his arguments here are not conclusive.
The elision of the final weakstressed vowel in oius and tiuz cannot be taken as evidence that the following word begins with a vowel.
Harts transcription oualJ, the Welsh (Danielsson, 1955, p. 212), shows that weakstressed vowels were elided before glides as well as before vowels.
The transcription iu cannot represent a vowel sequence since in such cases Hart uses a diaeresis o~ the second of the two v~wels.u It would appear, therefore, that Harts iuis either [yu] or [IW].
However, Hart (Damelsson, Lett us then... use the diphthong iu alwais for the sound of you and u in suer, shut, and bruer, and souch lyke, writing theim thus siuer, shiut, briuer
We conclude from this that Harts iu stands for [yu] everywhere.
We have found in Harts speech the following vowels and diphthongs (with optional variants enclosed in parentheses), exhibiting the indicated correspondences with ME vowels Hart gives numerous examples of the operation of the Laxing Rule.
Thus we find alternations such as the following (see the index in Danielsson (1955)): Examples of the alternations [ii][o] (e.g., loselost) and [o]~[o] (e.g., conec~nic) a~e Iacki ng.
There can , however, be little doubt that such alternations. were present speech.
Moreover, the rules to be postulated for his speech would III no way e SImp 1 e but would in fact have to be complicated if the absence of these examples were regarded As already noted Harts dialect did not have tensing III the environment (6), as shown by his transcriptions period, gresian, and nasion, with stresse? vowelhs tha~ adr.e lax f vowels before vowels was, however, characteristic of Hart s speec ,as III reate d· b y hi s t r ansc riptions leiiin  lion.and pouer, power, device for showing 2 voels (ioinedin a word) being no diphthong (Damelsson, 1 5 , The last of the accents is the sondrer (which the la:in~ cal ~i.visio, ~d the grekes dyreresis).. for yt sheweth what voels are sundred in pronunciation, ~hlCh ~ writmg are ioyned together even as ar the diphthongs: as in voel, going, Poet, and souch lyke  (Daruelsson, 1955, p. 155). p. 147)Y Unfortunately, word pairs such as socialsociety, algebraalgebraic, which would establish the Tensing Rule as productive in Harts speech, are not found in his writing, although they are attested for the sixteenth century.
In view of the fact that tensing is known to have been productive both before and after Hart, the absence of such examples will not be taken as proof that the Tensing Rule was not operative in Harts dialect.
We are now ready to characterize Harts vowel system more formally.
We shall assume that in the lexical representations of Harts grammar the following vowels and
Rule (22) states, in effect,that vowels agreeing in roundin~ and ~ackness are nonlow.
Note, incidentally, that (22) is not restricted to tense vowels; It applies to the lax vowels As can be seen from Table 1 (p. 266), the rules that have been stated up to this point yield [yiw] as the reflex of underlying /ew/, whereas Harts transcription is iu (= ~]).
It is a relatively straightforward matter to add a rule which would insure the required To derive [yu], we must follow (23) by a rule deleting the postvocalic [w]. ~~ sh~ll not do so, however, since it seems rather dubious to us that Hart was able to dl~tmgu~sh. ~w] from [yu] when he failed in most of his writings to make the equally ObVIOUS distinction Rules applying to vowels characteristically come m blocks consistmg of several rules.
It is therefore possible to factor out the feature complex These segments were subject to the rules of the phonological component, which included the Laxing Rule (3) and the Tensing Rule (4).
The other rules needed to derive Harts vowel system from (18) will be presented directly, after a brief comment on the first Harts dialect requires a Glide Insertion Rule which is obligatory before lewl and optional before lrewl since in the latter environment [y] appears only sporadically in Harts transcriptions.
Since the Glide Insertion Rule has certain terms in common with the Diphthongization Rule (8), we shall incorporate both into a single rule with two separate environments.
As these environments are totally disjoint, there is actually no reason for ordering them as in (19) below.
We use this order here only because it is the order in which the contemporary analogs of these rules appear in a grammar of modern English.
The transcriptions poet and coel, vowel, lack the expected indication of tenseness.
The former is probably not relevant since it appears only once, and in the earliest of Harts writings, where vowel tenseness was not consistently indicated.
The transcription voe! is more serious since it appears fortyseven times in various parts of Harts works.
Danielsson (1963, p. 164) believes that Harts transcription can be explained on the grounds that to Hart the diaresis was sufficient indication that the first vowel was long and the second short.
Unfortunately this leaves unexplained the fact that Hart has the vowel [5] here, a pronunciation which according to Danielsson is not attested in other sources.
We should like to propose that Harts voe! stands for [vowel] i.e., for the pronunciation that is to be expected on historical grounds.
The omission of the IV in this position is not too surprising.
This explanation, however, cannot be considered fully convincing either, since, as we have seen above, Hart did not always fail to observe the [wI, as his transcription of the word pouiir, power, clearly indicates. once in evaluating the complexity of the entire block.
To reflect this fact, we have omitted these two features to the left of the arrow in the above rules.
The order in which the rules have been given can be justified only in part.
We have already noted that there is no reason for ordering the two par~s of ruley9!.
Most of the other rules are, however, fully ordered.
The relative order of DlphthonglzatIOn and V~wel Shift can be justified on the grounds that in the distinctive feature sys:em the class. [I, u] can be referred to by fewer features than the class [e, 0].
Diphthong Laxing must ObVIOUS~y follow Diphthongization, but it must precede Vowel Rai~g. since otherwise vowels WIll be laxed in the reflexes of the loW;. diphthongs.
Vowel Raising must also follow Vowel Shift since the vowels raised are not subject to Vowel Shift.
Finally the i 7 u Rule (23) must follow Vowel Shift but need not be ordered after any later rules.
In Table 1 (p. 266) we illustrate the derivation of the phonetic reflexes from the 1.
The derivation of the phonetic reflexes from their underlying yew (y)rew iiw a ow yiw 1(y)ew ey yuw ey i e a 0 11 ow yuw (y)ew ey aw ow oy i e a 0 John Wallis Grammatica Linguae Anglicanae, which he published in several editions ~etween the ye~~s 1653 ~nd ~6?9, was one of the most influential books on the English anguage.
Wallis phonetic.wntmg~ have been reviewed by Lehnert (1936) and by Dobson. section to Wallis (pp. 21843) and discusses m any d eats s pronunciation In vanous places in his book.
The present discussion is based on these secondary sources as we have had only limited access to the original.
Walli~ pres:nts ,~s vowels in a twodimensional array, as shown in Table 2.
The ho~zontal dimension, aperture, reflects the degree of constriction with which a vowel is articulated and corresponds roughly to the traditional phoneticians tongue height.
The other dimension reflects the location in the mouth of the major constriction.
Wallis recognizes three discrete values along each dimension so that his vowel scheme allows for nine distinct vowels.
This number is further increased by Wallis recognition that most vowels may appear in two lengths.
We quote from Dobsons (1957) detailed summary of Gutturals are formed in the throat or with the back part of the tongue and the palate; the breath is moderately compressed.
With the major opening is formed a vowel which when long is the German a; the French and others often use this sound in pronouncing a.
We spell the long sound au, aw, and more rarely a, the short sound we spell 0; thus fall and folly, between which there is no difference except in quantity.
With the medium opening is formed French e feminine, which differs from Ii only in the jaws being more closed; it is heard in English only when e precedes r, thus vertue.
With the minor opening is formed obscure 0 or ii, which is nearly the sound of French eur in serviteur, and is heard in English in dull, turn, come, country, etc.
The palatal vowels are formed by the breath being moderately compressed between the palate and the middle of the tongue; since the middle of the tongue is raised, the vault of the palate resounds less than in the case of the gutturals.
With the major opening is formed the English a exile, which is either short (as in bat) or long (as in bate).
With the medium opening is formed the French emasculine; in English this sound is represented bye, and also (when long) by ea and occasionally ei.
With the minor opening is formed the vowel i; in English it is spelt ee when long, or (less frequently) ie or even ea.
The labials are formed in the lips, which are gathered into a round shape, with the breath moderately compressed there.
With the major opening is formed round 6 (6 rotundum ), which some people use for Greek OJ; with it are pronounced French au and English long 0 and oa.
With the medium opening is formed German u pingue, which is spelt ou in French, IV in Welsh, and 00 in English.
With the minor opening is formed u exile, which is used in French and in English...
Of these nine vowels two, u obscurum and e foemininum, are seldom long, while two, 6 rotundum and u exile, are seldom short, at least amongst us; the rest are both long and short (pp. 22526).
From this description we conclude that Wallis palatal series contained the vowels
The labial series apparently contained the mid vowel [0] and the high vowel [u].
The third vowel in that series seems to be [til, i.e., the fronted counterpart of [u].
However, other statements of Wallis make it appear that he was not able to distinguish this vowel The vowels of Wallis gutteral series present more serious difficulties.
It is probable that the most open of these sounds is [;,], but the value of ii or 0 obscurum and of efoemininum cannot be directly determined.
We shall follow Dobson and other scholars who identified ii or 0 obscurum with its presentday reflex [A], a vowel that is nonround, back, nonhigh, nonlow, and nontense.
We have been unable to determine what sound Wallis meant by e foemininum.
It seems retsonably clear that the sound was nonround and nontense; but the phonetic description given by Wallis and the discussions in secondary sources have not enabled us to determine its other features.
Wallis finds the e foemininum in two environments onlybefore [r] and in the diphthongal reflex of tense /i/; in the diphthongal reflex of tense lui, he observes 0 obscurum.
This distinction is not noted by Wallis contemporaries.P A parallel contrast in the vowel of the diphthongs is noted by Batchelor (see Section 5 of this chapter) a century and a half after Wallis.
But Batchelor clearly has [AY] (i.e., Wallis b obscurum) in the reflex of tense Iii, and Icwl (Wallis a) as the reflex of tense lui.
We therefore adopt a conservative position and treat e foemininum as a distinct sound in Wallis speech whose precise phonetic value we are unable to determine
(see pp. 27273).
We will represent it by the noncommittal symbol ¢.
According to Wallis, diphthongs consist of preposed vowels and either of the consonants y and w (Dobson, 1957, p. 233).
In the reflexes of tense Iii and Ifl/, the!preposed vowels are, as already noted, e foemininum and 0 obscurum, respectively.
The diphthongs oi and ou are said to have two pronunciations: one begins with if apertum... the other with 0 obscurum (ibid.) These two diphthongs are therefore actualized either as [~y] and [gw] o.r as [Ay] and [AW].
In the latter pronunciation, the reflex of the diphthong Igwl merges WIth that of the tense vowel lui; the reflex of the diphthong IfJy/, however remains distinct from that of the tense vowel /i/o Both Lehnert and Dobson attempt t~ connect the two pronunciations of IfJyl with different historical antecedents ([fJy] versus [uy]).
In view of the fact that the same alternation occurs in the reflexes of IfJw/, where only a single historical source can be postulated, and in view of the general lability of this distinction in English (see Jespersen, 1909, p. 100), the relatively few (three or four) examples that are cited by Lehnert and Dobson in support of the existence of this distinction do not appear convincing to us.
It must be noted, finally, that Wallis also knew of the pronunciation of IfJwl as the monophthong 8 rotundum [6]; sed et haec omnia ab aliis efferuntur simpliciter per 6 rotundum, acsi scripta essent sole, sold, sno, etc. (Lehnert, The reflex of the diphthong lawl in Wallis is regularly the long monophthong represented by the letter aaperta, which we have identified above with tense [fJ].
The reflex of the diphthong lreyl is described by Wallis as composed ex a Anglico (hoc est, exili) correpto, et y (Lehnert, 1936, p. 112); this would imply the pronunciation
[tey], with a lax vowel.
Wallis makes no reference to the wellattested contemporary pronunciation of the diphthong as the monophthong [e].
Like Hart, Wallis distinguishes the reflex of the ME diphthong lrewl from that of ME lew/.
The former is described by Wallis as being composed of eclarum et w; whereas the latter is sonus quasi compositus ex i et w, which is the pronunciation that shall be assumed here as basic for Wallis.
In Harts dialect, it will be recalled, the reflex of ME lewl was [yuw] and was kept distinct everywhere from the reflex of ME lrew/.
Wallis notes quidam tamen paulo acutius efferunt acsi scribantur niewter, fiew, bieuty, vel niwter.fiw, biwty ; praesertim in vocibus new novus, knew sciebam, snew ningebat.
At prior pronunciatio rectior est (Dobson, 1957, p. 239)..The main phonetic reflexes of the ME voweis and diphthongs in Wallis speech are given In (24). (Secondary and optional variants have been enclosed in parentheses.
The In. ~s Defelice of the Royal Society, Wallis commented on his disagreement with Wilkins concerning this Issue: In some others, he continued to differ from me, as in the French feminine e and the English short u.
Which letters h: a~ounts to be the same: but I take to be different, (that of u being a broader sound than the other;) differmg as e and u in our English pronunciation of fer.fur; iter, itur; terris, turris; terter, turtur; perperam, purpuram, etc. (Quoted in McIntosh, 1956, p. 172).
With the exception of the reflexes of ME lax lui, which basically paralleled those of the standard dialect (see Table 2 under upingue and Lehnert (1936, pp. 107108)), the number of phonetically distinct entities in Wallis speech is the same as in ME, for all coalescences that have taken place are optional pronunciations.
Since Wallis dialect was subject to the Laxing and Tensing Rules (3) and (4), we shall assume that its underlying system of representation was identical with that postulated for ME and, thus, with Harts underlying system as well.
The reflexes of lax lui will be accounted for below by special rules.
An important difference that emerges from a comparison of Harts dialect with that of Wallis (cf. (16) and (24)) is that there are many fewer instances of tense or lax [0] in Wallis speech than in Harts.
Thus, the normal reflex of the lax monophthong 101 is [0] for Hart, but [g] for Wallis; the reflex of tense lui is [ow] for Hart, but [AW] for Wallis.
To account for the fact that tense lui is actualized as [AW] rather than as [ow], we assume as a first approximation that after Vowel Shift and Diphthong Laxing, but before Vowel
This rule unrounds the vowel in the diphthongal reflex of tense lui, resulting in [AW].
This diphthong is not the only instance of [A] in Wallis speech; the sound also appears as a reflex of lax lui in words such as dull, country, that is, in words which essentially coincide with those in which [A] appears in modern English.t Since the Unrounding Rule (25) is independently motivated for Wallis speech, it is natural to attempt to take advantage of this rule in accounting for the appearance of [A] as a reflex of lax lui· In other words, one would naturally wish to connect the appearance of [A] in these two environments, rather than regard them, as is usual in the handbooks, as two unrelated phenomena.
But if this is to be done, rule (25) must be preceded by some rule which lowers the appropriate lax lui to [0].
The machinery for achieving this already exists, in part, for the Vowel Shift Rule, which is known to be in Wallis grammar, lowers tense lui· All we need to do, then, is to Wallis is one of the earliest orthoepists to note the appearance of this reflex oflax luI.
To the best of our knowledge, this reflex is first attested by an orthoepist about a decade before Wallis, in the works of extend this rule so that it will apply to lax It must be noted that the order in which the two parts of the Vowel Shift Rule are presented here is quite arbitrary, since the two environments are totally disjoint.
The choice of the feature round in part (a), on the other hand, is not arbitrary, though it may appear so at this stage of our discussion since lax lui could also, at this point in the grammar, be The rules given up to this point would not allow any lax [u] in Wallis speech.
Lax [u] does occur, however, in many of the same environments as in modem English.
Wallis grammar must therefore be assumed to contain a rule exempting certain cases of lui from Vowel Shift.
Since we have formulated the Vowel Shift Rule so that it applies only to round lax vowels, it would be blocked if lui were unrounded in the relevant environments that is However, rule (27) turns lax lui into [i], which is not attested in Wallis speech.
Thus we now need a rule to undo the effects of (27) and reround precisely those instances of lui which rule (27) unrounded.
This is hardly an attractive solution and indicates that the To remedy these inadequacies, we suggest that rule (27) be retained as a readjustment rule but that the Unrounding Rule (25) be replaced by (28): of the diphthong is [5].
It is readily seen that in order to get [5] from Jaw/, we require rules of monophthongization and rounding adjustment.
The latter must apply here to a vowel that is both tense and low, whereas in (28) it applied to vowels that were nontense and nonlow.
We therefore extend Rounding Adjustment to apply in both cases: Rule (28) unrounds [0] while simultaneously rounding [i].
We observe that (28) requires exactly the same number of features as (25).
This proposal gains additional plausibility from the fact that Rounding Adjustment accounts for another peculiarity of Wallis speech, A further difference between the speech of Wallis and that of Hart is in the actualization of the diphthong (awJ.
Whereas for Hart this diphthong is raw], for Wallis the reflex The lowering of lui without accompanying unrounding is attested in a large area of England.
Wright (1905)represents this reflex by the letter Ii and characterizes it (§15)as a sound formed with the lips more open than for II.
Acoustically it somewhat resembles an 0 sound.
According to Wright, it is found in the counties of Antrim, Lancashire, Isle of Man, Cheshire, Flint, Denbigh, Staffordshire, Derby, Nottingham,
Leicester, Northampton, Warwick, Worcester, Shropshire, Hereford, Gloucester, and Oxford (§98).
This indicates that the addition of environment (a) to the Vowel Shift Rule (26) is not an ad hoc device invented solely to account for the facts under discussion here.
Rule (29) now applies to back vowels that agree in tenseness and lowness: lax [u], [i], [0], [A] and tense [a], [5].
Its applicability to [u] and [A] has no effect, however, since there are no such segments at this point in the grammar. (See Table 3, p. 274.) It is necessary to insure that Rounding Adjustment does not apply to the reflexes of the diphthongs J5yJ and J5wJ, for these diphthongs are actualized, in the dialect that we regard as basic for Wallis, with the lax round [0]. (The secondary dialect is discussed below.) Rounding Adjustment will not apply to these diphthongs if the Diphthong Laxing Rule is allowed to precede Rounding Adjustment.
In this case, however, it is necessary to exempt JawJ from Diphthong Laxing, for the jaJ of this diphthong is both tense and subject to Rounding Adjustment.
We achieve this by imposing on Diphthong Laxing the condition that it applies only to vowels that agree in backness and rounding.
We observe that this restriction appeared in Harts dialect, where the Vowel Raising Rule (22) had to be similarly constrained.
Furthermore, the Vowel Raising Rule must figure in Wallis dialect in precisely the same contexts as in that of Hart.
Since Vowel Raising may immediately follow Diphthong Laxing, the condition that these two rules require need not be stated twice but can be factored out by the usual notational conventions.
The Vowel Raising Rule, however, must be slightly more constrained for Wallis than for Hart, since it must specifically exempt lax [0].
The two rules will therefore be coalesced as follows:
Rule (30a) is Wallis Diphthong Laxing Rule, and (30b) is Wallis Vowel Raising Rule.
In Wallis grammar the possibility of coalescing Diphthong Laxing and Vowel Raising provides a justification for placing Diphthong Laxing after Vowel Shift and directly We note that a further modification is needed to account fully for the facts.
In the dialect that Wallis considers basic, the diphthong Jrewl is actualized as [ew], with a tense vowel that is also raised.
In other words, in this dialect Diphthong Laxing does not apply to the diphthong JrewJ, and, as opposed to Harts dialect, this is the only diphthong to which , it does not apply.
To block Diphthong Laxing here, we assume that Wallis grammar had a special readjustment rule which exempted JrewJ from the Diphthong Laxing Rule.
But once Diphthong Laxing is blocked here, Wallis Vowel Raising Rule automatically applies.
This result is a further justification for ordering Vowel Raising after Diphthong Laxing.
This order does not hold in the second dialect described by Wallisthe one in which 15wl and 15yJ are actualized as [AW] and [xy], respectively.
Here it is necessary to invert the ord~r of Diphtho~g Laxing an~ Vowel Raising.
If Vowel Raising applies before Diphthong Laxing, the two diphthongs will be turned, respectively, into [ow] and [oy].
They will then be subject to Rounding Adjustment, which will result in the correct output.
In this case, ~oweve~, an additional readjustment rule will be required in order to block Vowel Raising III the diphthong jreyj, which in Wallis dialect is actualized as [rey] rather than as [ey].16 To obtain the secondary pronunciation of jrewj, which Wallis characterizes as compositum ex i et w, we shall assume that Wallis had a special readjustment rule that r~ised /rewj to [e.w].
The subsequent derivation of this diphthong then proceeds exactly Two facts must still be accounted for.
In Wallis speech tense and lax jaj are fronted III monophthongs, whereas in the diphthong rawj the vowel is rounded by the Rounding Adjustment Rule.
Moreover, the glide of the diphthong is not present in the output.
To account for these facts, we postulate the two rules (31) and (32): features to the segments in question.
In a parallel ad hoc fashion, it is possible to account for the alternative pronunciation of the diphthong /fJwj as [6].
We shall not do this, since it is clear that nothing can be learned from such rules.
To summarize the above discussion, we list the rules that have been postulated for Wallis dialect. (Note the 0Lowering Rule (33IV) which is presented here without discussion since the need for such a rille is selfevident.) We shall give the rules only for the basic dialect reported by Wallis and omit the modifications required to obtain the other pronunciations.
(a) Unround lax juj after Iabials and in certain other environments (27).
The preceding accounts for the major features of Wallis speech except for e foemininum.
There is no difficulty in principle in accounting for e foemininum since its antecedents [ey] and nonback vowel before [t], remain distinct.
Once it is determined what e foemin~ inum represents phonetically, it is a trivial matter to add a rule assigning the appropriate Y 7 [ ~F] in the context W where Z is not distinct from W, X is not distinct from Y, Kiparsky suggests that the order (I), (II) be re~~rded as less marked (more natural) than the order (II), (I) since in the former order the two rules are utIl~ed more fully than in the latter; if the rules are applied in the order (II), (I), any part of the string Kiparsky presents evidence in support of the view that languages tend to change from a more marked to a less. marked?rder of rules.
The two alternative treatments of the diphthongs /5y/ and /5w/ r~ported by Wal.h~ exemp~lfy such a change.
In the first dialect Diphthong Laxing precedes Vowel Raising.
Since Vowel RaISIng app.h~s onl~ ~o tense vowels, any vowel subject to Diphthong Laxing is automatically e~c1uded froI.
Vowel Raising, Similar exclusions do not apply if the order is reversed, as it is in the second dialect described by Wallis.
The latter dialect exhibits, therefore, a less marked order of rules than the former.
It is significant that the former dialect is also the more conservative more archaic form of speech It has been prop.osed by Ki?arsky (1965) that differences in naturalness (markednesssee Chapter Nine) ar~ to be recognized also With regard to the order in which a pair of rules appears in a grammar.
Given a TABLE 3.
The derivation of the phonetic reflexes from their underlying I 11w 11 6w iw The differences are of two kinds.
Wallis dialect is subject to certain rules that are not present in Harts speech; moreover, several of Harts rules appear in Wallis dialect in somewhat modified form.
In particular, Wallis speech is subject to Rounding Adjustment (29), which is absent in Hart, and in Wallis dialect the Vowel Shift is generalized to include the lax vowel jul.
It seems worth repeating here that the major phonetic developments in Wallis speechthe change /u/ 7 [A] and the modifications in the pronunciation of certain of the diphthongshave been shown to be connected: they are largely due to the addition It can be observed from (34) that the development up to this point does not show any discontinuities.
Discontinuities due to restructuring are found in the next dialect to be (y)ew re ii ao011 ew rew* rey iiw ;;w ;;y i e a I 
Optional elements have been enclosed in parentheses.
The rule accounting for e foemininum is not included.
The starred item is an exception to Diphthong Laxing.
The effects of (33Ia) are shown in the last two Comparing the dialects of Hart and Wallis, we observe that with certain unsystematic exceptions the two dialects have underlying systems that are essentially identical with that of ME and with each other.
The differences observed between the dialects would therefore seem to be the result of the addition of rules.
This fact is further brought out by the parallel listing of the respective sets of rules shown in (34) (in which rules not identical A comparison of the speech of John Wallis with that of Cooper, who was a younger contemporary of Wallis, reveals considerable differences.
It has often been remarked that Wallis represented a strongly archaistic and conservative tendency.
Coopers speech would therefore seem to be much closer to the normal speech of the educated classes of the time.
In our discussion of his dialect, we base ourselves on Coopers book The English Teacher (1687), which is now available in the convenient reprint prepared by Sundby (1954), from which we have drawn all our citations unless otherwise indicated.
We have consulted J.
D.
Jones (1912) reprint of Coopers Latin book Grammatica Linguae Anglicanae (1685) and have profited from the discussions of Coopers work in Dobson (1957) and in Zachrisson In Coopers phonetic system a distinction is made between vowel quality or essence and vowel quantity or measure of time.
Everyone of the vowels is pronounced short and long in their proper soundr except u guttural, whereby the number is doubled not in Essence, but only in the measure of time (p. 9). a lingual is formed by the middle of the Tongue a little raisd to the hollow of the Pallate.
In these call, pass by, a is short; in cast, past for passed, it is long (p. 4).
This suggests that a lingual is a nonback low vowel, [re].
It is the reflex of ME lax lal and is apparently tensed before a voiceless continuant followed by [t]. e lingual is formd by the Tongue more raisd toward the end and extended than in a foregoing; whereby the passage for the breath between the Tongue and the Pallate is made narrower, and the sound more acute; as in ken, men.. .
The true lengthning of this sound is written by a and is falsly called a long; as in cane, wane; and before ge as in age; and nge, as in strange; but in all other words (unless I mistake) where e silent is added to the end of a syllable, u guttural... is put after a; as in name as if it was writ naum, a disyllable.
This sound, when it is purely pronounced, is written ai or ay as pain, day; which are commonly thus sounded in almost all words; so ey in convey, obey, purvey, survey, but in sale, tale it is sounded as if it was writ saul, taul (as before) (p. 5).
This phonetic description argues that e lingual has the phonetic value of tense and lax [e].
Its lax variant represents ME lax [e], and the tense variant, ME lreY/.
ME tense ra/, on the other hand, seems in Coopers dialect to be reflected by a diphthong with a centering glide, reA], if the quoted passage is taken at face value.
There is no particular difficulty in incorporating this fact into a grammar by setting up two entities in the underlying representations.
It appears, however, that the insertion of a centering glide after nonhigh tense vowels is a rather common feature of many dialects.
Cooper notes a centering glide (p. 16) as following [;,] in a list of fifteen learned words, but remarks that those that speak more carelessly, sound as <X [= [;,], NC/MH]; in all others we pronounce au and aw as <X onely.
We shall assume, therefore, that this is an instance of dialect mixture and shall i lingual is formed by the Tongue nearer to the end, higher raised and more expanded, whereby the passage for the breath is rendered narrower, and the sound more subtle than in ken and cane; as in win, priuiledge... (p. 6).
This is the lax vowel [i].
According to Cooper the tense variant of this sound is found in words such as wean (see, e.g., pp. 7 and 13).
However, this is not to be taken as proof that Cooper had four high [i] sounds, as we shall see. ee lingual is formed by the end of the Tongue fixed to the lower Teeth, both expanded and raised to the highest degree, whereby the passage of the Air is most of all straightened, and the sound made the closest of all vowels, and coming nearest to the nature of consonants; as in feet, feed; and therefore there is the least difference between the shortening or lengthening thereof because there is so little space between the Tongue and the Pall ate in This sound is evidently the tense, high, nonback [i]. ee lingual represents the reflex of ME tense lei in Coopers speech, and the differences in length noted are, of course, due to the presence or absence of a following voiceless consonant.
Thus, Cooper had correctly observed length distinction between the vowels in feed and feet.
He had also observed that there were distinctions in quality (as well as in length) between the vowels in win and feet and had decided quite naturally that there must therefore also be a long vowel corresponding to the vowel in win.
He assumed that this vowel was the vowel in wean, i.e., the reflex of ME lre/.
However, not all reflexes of ME lrel are treated by Cooper.in this fashion; before [r] they are all said to be pronounced with ee lingual, i.e., [i].
The SImplest explanation for this choice is to assume that Cooper pronounced the vowel [i] here but knew, of course that in the writings of his predecessors the reflex of ME tense lrel did not coalesce with that of ME tense lei.
He may therefore, as suggested by Zachrisson (1913): have felt obliged to keep up the old distinction... even if this distinction merely consisted in giving the same sound two different names.
This assum~­ tion may help us to explain the peculiar way in which Cooper treated f, .
In front of r.
Here neither the spelling nor earlier orthopoetical works gave any clue to the etymology.
Hence Cooper confused f and? in this position, by placing all words in which he pronounced ea in front of r as i under ee lingualis (p. 204).
We shall assume, therefore, that in Coopers speech ME lrel and lei coalesced into [i], whereas ME lax Iii remained a lax, high, nonback vowel. o labial is formed by the lips a little contracted, while the breath IS enutted Circular; as in hope.
Thus the English alwayes pronounce this when long; (except in a few, where it is sounded 00 as move, or ou labial before l, as bolcl)which some times they express by oa, as Coach; it is seldom short in its own sound, unless in a few, which begin with a labial consonant as after w in wolf, wonder, and such like,... and in the syllable wor; more I do not remember.
In some u is pronounced thus, where the foregoing consonant is labial; as pull, full, not because this is the truest, but the easiest pronunciation: And 00 in good, hood, 00 labial is formed by the lips very much contracted; as book, boot; there IS very little difference between the short and long sound, for the reason aforesaid under ee.
We always pronounce it thus, except in those words which are excepted in the foregoing and following o guttural is formed by the root of the Tongue moved to the inner part of the Pall at, while the middle of the Tongue is depressed, which causes the greatest space between the fore part of the Tongue and Pallat; and there it hath the most open and full sound of all From the foregoing it would appear that 0 guttural represents [;,]; 0 labial, [0]; and 00 labial, [u].
However, the fact that, just as in the nonback vowels, the hi.ghlax vowel differed in quality rather obviously from the high tense vowel led.Cooper to pair the _form~r not with the high tense [11] as in boot but rather with the nonhigh nonlow tense [0] as In hope.
In the back vowels, however, the situation is somewhat simpler than in the nonback vowels since in Coopers speech there was no back counterpart to lax [e].
In Coopers speech, then, tense [ii]isthe major reflex of ME tense 16/; lax [u] represents ME lax luI after labials and ME tense 161 before velars and in certain morphemes.
Cooper~s tense [6] mirrors ME low tense 151 and no lax [0] seems to be attested..The lo~ tens.e [;,] / is the reflex of the ME diphthong lawl (see p. 280) as well as of ME lal In certain environments, e.g., before Ill, and of lax M~.I01 tensed before IfI, lei, lsi, +/t/; whereas the low lax [;,] is the reflex primarily of ME lax 101·
The ME lax lui is represented in Coopers speech In most environments by u guttural. u guttural is formed only in the throat, by the Larynx stri~ng. the A~r, ca~sing a naked murmur which is the same with the groaning of a man that IS SIck or In pam; and which Infants ~ISO (before they are able to speak) first utter: And it is the principle, of which all the other Vowels are made by the various fashionings of the breath...
The English scarce ever pronounce this sound, when short, otherwise than in nut; (as also in the Latine) unless where the foregoing consonant is labial and shapes the lips to give it a fuller sound as in pull; between these there is very little, yet a specifical difference; such as is between the English cup and French copy; for the former sound is thinner, this latter fuller; that is formed onely by the Larynx in the Throat, this by the Lips contracted; therefore while 0 is formed by the Lips in a continued sound, if the Lips fall into an Oblong figure, u guttural is formd
In Coopers description u guttural is thus the unrounded congener of lax [0], i.e., [A].
ME tense Ii/ and IfJ.I are represented in Coopers speech by [ay] and [AW], respectively. u in cut and i most easily make a diphthong, which we call Hong; as wine (p. 15); u guttural before the German u, that is the English 00, we always write ou; as in out, about The ME diphthong lreyl is rarely actualized as [rey] or [ey].
For the most part in common Discourse we speak ai as a simple in cane (p. 15).
The ME diphthong 15yl is actualized as [;,y]. 0 in loss, lost set before i is pronounced injoy, coy, coif; which is thus sounded in almost all words (p. 15).
The ME lrewl and lewl have both become [yu] in Coopers speech (p. 16).
The ME lawl is actualized in careful discourse as [;,w] (p. 16); in less careful speech,  Cooper makes no distinction between Me Qin hope and ou in know.. .
Both had acquired the value [0:] in his pronunciation (Sundby, 1954, p.
XLIII).
In (35) we give the main phonetic reflexes of the ME vowels and diphthongs as Coopers dialect, which must, of course, have descended from a dialect having the contrasts Since Coopers dialect, like all other dialects of modem English, was subject to the Laxing and Tensing RuIes, we.shall assume that it was also subject to Diphthongization and Vowel Shift in the form in which these appeared in Wallis speech, i.e., (19b) and (26).
As we have seen, Cooper showed the same reflexes ( [u] and [A] ) of lax lui as Wallis.
Moreover, like Wallis, Cooper actualizes tense /fJ.I as [AW].
These facts indicate that Coopers speech must be assumed to have been subject to Rounding Adjustment (29) as well as to the other rules connected with this phenomenon, such as the readjustment rule unrounding certain occurrences of lax lu/ and the rule lowering lax 10/.
A difference between Coopers and Wallis dialects concerns ME /re/, which in Coopers but not in Wallis speech merges with tense /e/, except in the diphthong lrey/.
To account for this, we postuIate a special eRaising RuIe which applies before Vowel Shift.
It will be recalled that in the dialects of Hart and Wallis we found that the ME contrasts were essentially intact and only their phonetic actualizations had undergone changes.
In Coopers dialect, on the other hand, this is no longer the case; as can be seen in (35), quite a number of the ME contrasts have been eliminated.
We shall first assume that these mergers have not affected the underlying representations and develop a set of rules consistent with this assumption.
We shall then show that a simpler grammar can account for all the data and that in this simpler grammar fewer contrasting vowel types are required in the underlying representation.
This fact, however, will not deprive the former grammar of all interest, for it will provide some insight into the historical evolution of Since, like all dialects reviewed in this chapter, Coopers speech was subject to the Laxing RuIe (3), the reRaising Rule (36) was not restricted to tense vowels but applied to lax There is a certain amount of evidence to show that a rule much like (36) was optional in sixteenth and seventeenth century English.
In the rhymes of the poets of the period, we find vacillations that could readily be accounted for if it were assumed that (36) was optional for them.
Thus Wyld (1927) cites the following rhymes pointing to the absence of rule (36):
Surrey, pleasedays;...
Spenser, uncleanemayntayne; Drayton, dreamsThames, meadbraid, maidsbeads;...
Cowley, playsea; Dryden, dreamshame, obeysea, seassways; Pope, weaktake, eatgate, eatstate, speaktake, greatstate, shadedead, etc. (pp. 17172).
In the same period he also finds the following rhymes pointing to the presence of (36): Surrey, reachbeseech,...
Spenser, seasthese, streameseeme, uncleaneweene;...
Waller, seashebe;...
Cowley, seabehethee; Dryden, seafree, meatseat, breadfeed;.. .
Pope, seatfleet, queensmeans, seaflee.. .
We now observe that Coopers reflex of /il is [AY].
It will be recalled that in our discussion of Wallis dialect we provided rules that yielded the reflex [ey] (see Table 3, p. 274).
In order to obtain the correct resuIt for Cooper, we shall modify Wallis Diphthong This rule will affect precisely the same diphthongs as before, but in addition to laxing their vowels, it will make the vowels] + back] and bring about dissimilation between the As now formulated rule (37) would affect the diphthongs [ey], [ow], [yiw], [rey], [5w], [5y] (see Table 3) and convert them into roy], [ow], [yiw], [;,y], [ow], [;,y], respectively.
The first three of these wouId then be subject to Rounding Adjustment, which wouId yield the phonetically correct reflexes.
The last three must be subject to additional rules since the reflex of /rey/ never merges with that of /fJy/, but is monophthongized instead: A further difficulty becomes apparent when we recall that the reflex of /fJw/, like that of /rey/, is monophthongized rather than laxed.
These difficulties disappear if we assume that in Coopers dialect Monophthongization preceded Diphthong Laxing.
But if Monophthongization is to precede Diphthong Laxing, it cannot apply to all low diphthongs as in Wallis dialect (see (32)), but rather must apply to glides that agree with the preceding vowel in the coefficient of the feature back, that is, it must apply to [rey], [aw], [fJw].
As already observed in our discussion of Wallis, the Fronting Rule (31) must precede Monophthongization, since otherwise the reflex of tense /a/ would merge with that of In Table 4 we illustrate the derivations of the phonetic reflexes attested in Coopers speech from underlying representations that are identical with those of ME and hence A comparison of Table 4 with Tables 1 and 3 reveals important similarities which reflect the close genetic relationship of Coopers dialect with that of Hart and of Wallis.
TABLE 4.
Derivation of the phonetic reflexes in Coopers dialect from underlying s lie a 5 0 ii ew rew rey aw 5w 5y i e a ey i i FRONTING (31) MONOPHTHONGIZAre a DIPHTHONG LAXING (37) oy VOWEL RAISING (30b) 1I ROUNDING lI.y i i e 0 n II.W yuw yuw e If it can be supposed that the three dialects reviewed up to this point represent parallel but distinct developments from the same underlying base, then the set of rilles underlying the derivations in Table 4 may be taken as showing the traces of this development.
A comparison of Table 4 with Harts dialect (Table 1, p. 266), which represents an earlier stage in the same general development, wouid then indicate that during the century and a quarter that intervened between Hart and Cooper the changes under discussion in this chapter were brought about mainly by the addition to the grammar of the following rules: uUnrounding, The order in which these rules are mentioned here does not correspond to their relative chronology, for as noted above there is no reason to suppose that rules are always added at a fixed point in a grammar.
In fact, we have seen that the reRaising Rule (36) and zzUnrounding Rule, which must precede the Vowel Shift in the synchronic order of the The set of rules developed above and illustrated in the derivations of Table 4 presupposes that the underlying representations for Coopers dialect were substantially identical with those for Wallis and Harts.
This assumption, however, is not correct, for the same phonetic facts can be produced by an alternative grammar that requires fewer features and must therefore be preferred over Table 4.
This alternative grammar must now be examined.
In Coopers speech the following four pairs of entities, distinct in ME, were merged: /re/ and ref, /rey/ and la/, lrew/ and /ew/, /fJwl and /fJ/.
There were in the language no phonological processes that would require that the merged entities be assigned distinct underlying representations.
This is easily seen with regard to the tense /re/ and lei, for well before the sixteenth century these two vowels merged into a single lax vowel when subjected to the Laxing Rule.
Thus we found in Hart such alternations as [kip] (from underlying /kepf) and [kept] and [men] (from underlying /mrenf) and [ment].
The Laxing Rule therefore provides no motivation for keeping the distinction between the two tense vowels in the A similar situation prevailed with regard to /rey/ and la/.
In the environment where tense vowels were laxed, the diphthong /rey/ was replaced by the reflex of lax [e], as shown clearly in the spellings vainvanity.
As far as we are able to tell, the language did not possess any other alternations that might require keeping these entities distinct in lexical representations.
Hence, in place of /rey/ and /a/ the lexical representations contained a single The low diphthongs lrew/ and /fJw/ did not participate in tenseness alternations either.
They did, however, playa role in alternations of back and front vowels that are of some consequence in the verbal inflections; e.g., knowknew, drawdrew, blowblew could be accounted for quite naturally by the set of rules in Table 4 if it is assumed that the diphthongs are distinct from the tense vowels with which they merged phonetically.
However, the role of these alternations is so marginal in the language at this point that they alone could hardly justify maintaining the underlying entities as distinct after the phonetic If, then, the four pairs above are to be assumed to have merged, we must next ask what their respective underlying representations ought to be.
If in place of /re/ and /e/ we postulate lei, and, analogously, in place of /rew/ and /ew/ we assume /ew/, we can immediately dispense with the reRaising Rule (36).
This move, moreover, allows us to represent the pair /rey/ and /a/ by lre/.
A consequence of the latter decision is that we no longer have need for the Fronting Rule (31), for there is nothing to prevent us from postulating an underlying lax /re/ in place of [e].
If, finally, we represent /5w/ and /5/ by /5/, we need no longer include the Monophthongization RuIe (38) in the grammar, provided that we represent raw/ as /a/.
The latter is clearly desirable since it fills a hole in the pattern, as it were, created by the merger of original /a/ with /rey/, and since, moreover, it reduces further With these modifications, Coopers dialect emerges with the underlying system as in (39): The appropriate phonetic reflexes can then be derived with the help of the following rules: English Tongue which was published anonymously by J.
Roberts, WarwickLane, in 1721, and contained (among many correct and some erroneous observations), almost the whole of the theory which makes the subject of the following pages (p. vi).
Since this book apparently has not been located (see Jespersen, 1909, p. 327), and since the comments in Batchelor are not clear on this point, we are unable to determine whether diphthongization of tense vowels was attested in English before the nineteenth century.
Jespersen is inclined to believe that it was in the language long before Batchelor.
His arguments, however, have failed to convince many scholars (see, e.g., Horn, 1912) and do not appear especially compelling to us, either.
It seems to us safest, therefore, to assume that the reason for the absence of earlier testimony to the diphthongization of English tense vowels is not the lack of acuity of prenineteenthcentury phoneticians and orthoepists, but rather the absence Batchelor recognizes eight vowels in English which possess a specific difference a as in pat, man and bard, task 1 8
The derivation of these reflexes thus proceeds as shown in Table 5. 5.
Derivation of the phonetic reflexes in Coopers dialect from underlying I o yew 6 i ow yiw :>y e ;; i The phonetic descriptions given by Batchelor are unfortunately not models of clarity so that questions may well be raised concerning some of the identifications proposed below.
There is no problem about the first five sounds; they obviously must be [i], [e], [u], and stressed and unstressed [A].
If we assume that Batchelors 0 represents [~] and his a represents [e], then his c, which is of very restricted distribution, should be identified To pronounce this sound, the tongue is more elevated in the middle than in the o in hot awl, &c; its highest part is also farther from the throat, though the tip of it is retracted farther from the teeth.
The tone of this short provincial 0 has some degree of similarity with the 0 in hot, &c.; yet it is perceptibly softer, possesses less strength and distinctness, and seems rather more easy to pronounce (p. 9).
In describing the reflexes of the tense vowels in his speech, Batchelor observes: In the preceding table, the vowels which are heard in tree, hey, buy, boy, and ay are represented as diphthongs, which are formed by the junction of (y) consonant with the simple vowel sounds.
The Orthoepical Analysis of the English LanguageF which T.
Batchelor published in 1809, is apparently the earliest work in which the diphthongal quality of all English tense vowels is specifically recognized.
In Batchelors work reference is made to a grammar of the We express our gratitude to Mr.
W.
M.
Whitehill, director of the Boston Atheneum, for the loan of a
These sounds are justly considered by modem grammarians to differ only in length (p. 8).
These two sounds are also specifically the same, the latter being only the lengthened sound of the 20 The sound which is here intended, is not similar to that heard in the words tone, moan, &c.
The latter will be found to be true diphthongs; but the simple sound is heard only in the instances which are given, and a few others, when pronounced short, in the provincial manner (p. 9). to these diphthongs, have originated in great measure, from the difficulties which attend the subject, but principally in the absurd suppositions, that sounds cannot be described by words, and that it is of little consequence whether they can or not. [An opinion which, as Batchelor notes (p. v), his contemporaries between y and short i has been sufficiently pointed out; and those who attentively examine the articulation of the long and slender sound which is represented by ee in tree, will find that the tongue makes a nearer approach towards the palate in the termination of that diphthong, than happens in the beginning of it.
The ear may also distinguish a slender sound, followed by one still more slender, which is consequently the y consonant, and proves that y ought to be sounded exactly the same, as to the quality of the tone, whether it precedes or follows a vowel, though the strength of it will naturally be diminished at the The radical vowels of the diphthongs which end in y consonant, as it is termed, are heard in the syllables sin, bel, wed, but and hal; and the insertion of a y between the vowels and the last consonant produces the sounds heard in seen (siyn), bail (beyl), wade (weyd), bite (buyt), and hoyle (hoyl) (p. 53).
We co~clude from this that Batchelor had the following diphthongs in [y]: [iy],
[ey], [Ay] (which are the reflexes of lei, /re/, Iii, respectively, in his grammar), and [oy].
In addition, Batchelor had the diphthong ray] in one word only: The word (ay) signifying yes, is, I believe, the only diphthong of that kind in the English language.
The radical sound of this diphthong is unquestionably the a in father; and it forms a combination very unlike the i in mind, pint, &c.
We shall not include this diphthong in our analysis as it clearly is an idiosyncracy of The diphthongs which are formed by a final (w) are only three: the radical vowels on which they are founded, are heard in pond, pull, and the short provincial a in broke (brck); the insertion of (w) between the vowel and last consonant, changes pond into pound (pownd), pull (pul) into pool (puwl) and Batchelor thus recognizes three diphthongs in [w]: [ow], which is the reflex of tense [uw], reflex of tense /6/; and [ow], reflex of tense /fJ/.
It is to be noted that there is a curious asymmetry in his diphthongal system: the reflex of tense /fJ/ is [;,w], whereas that of tense /i/ is, as we have seen above, [Ay].
To account for this asymmetry, special rules Finally, like Cooper, Batchelor has a triphthong in his speech: The long u of the English alphabet may be termed a triphthong, as it consists of the u in pull, followed by II and preceded by y (p. 57).
The similarity between (35), which represents Coopers speech, and (42) is so striking that it is clear that both dialects must be derived from very similar underlying representations.
Further examination of (35) and (42) reveals that the essential difference between the two dialects lies in the fact that in Batchelors dialect the reflexes of all tense vowels are diphthongized, whereas they are mostly monophthongal for Cooper.
In other words, if we can assume that Batchelors dialect evolved from a dialect that was like Coopers in having both diphthongs and monophthongs as reflexes of tense vowels, we must suppose that the change was effected by means of generalizing the Diphthongization Rule (19b).
Generalizations of this kind constitute one common type of phonological change.
In this case the generalization consists of dropping the feature specification [+ high] in rule (19b).
It is necessary to exempt the vowel /30/ from Diphthongization (see Table 6 and the accompanying discussion, p. 286).
There are several alternatives available to accomplish this.
A motivated choice among them could only be made on the basis of a much deeper study of Batchelors dialect than we are at the moment able to undertake.
We therefore assume quite arbitrarily that Diphthongization of /30/ is blocked by a readjustment rule.
The proposed generalization, however, would incorrectly turn the two diphthongs that were still found in Coopers dialect into sequences of tense vowel followed by two glides.
The most direct way of preventing this is by representing the diphthongs by tense vowels of appropriate feature composition.
The generalized Diphthongization Rule will then insert the requisite glides without further difficulty.
As noted in Chapter Four, the choice of the monophthongs to represent the diphthongs in question is limited by two facts: they must be distinct from all other tense vowels, and they must be [ + back] if they have the glide [w] in the output, and [back] if the glide in the output is [y].
Consequently the monophthong underlying [;,y] will have to be [back], whereas the one underlying [yuw] will have to be [+ back].
The obvious candidates in view of these considerations are /re/ for [;,y] and /i/ for [yuw].
This choice, however, has further consequences, for the machinery to turn these vowels into [;,] and [yu], respectively, is still lacking.
It is obvious that the Glide Insertion Rule (l9a) must now be modified, because we shall want to insert [y] before tense [i], that is, in the environment: Batchelors speech thus contained seven diphthongs: [iy], [eyl, [xy], [;,y], [uw], [ow], Iewl: one triphthong: [yuw]; six lax monophthongs: [i], eel, ere], [;,], [A], [u]; and two tense monophthongs: ere] or [a] found in hard, task, father, and [fJ] found in awe, order, offer.
In (42) we show the major ME antecedents of these sounds.
Next we must modify the Vowel Shift Rule, for in the form given in (26) it would apply to Iii and tum it into [A].
We therefore impose the condition on Vowel Shift that it applies only to tense vowels that agree in backness and rounding.
At this point in our exposition, it is helpful to stop and survey the results of the changes introduced so far.
These are presented in Table 6. yi 1 iy ey rey 1 rey 5w ow iiw yiw ey iy Ay iy ey 5 ;,y I iy ey Before continuing our discussion of Batchelors vowel pattern, we comment briefly on the possible historical steps whereby this evolution of the Vowel Shift Rule took place.
We recall that most of the work done by the second part of the Vowel Shift Rule was performed in Coopers grammar by the Vowel Raising Rule (30b).
It seems likely, therefore, that what triggered the restructuring observed in Batchelors grammar was the addition, to the end of a grammar like that of Cooper, of a special Vowel Lowering Rule such The addition of such a rule, however, resulted in a highly unstable situation, since the same phonetic effects can be produced with a simpler set of rules where the Vowel Raising and Vowel Lowering Rules are replaced by the second part of the Vowel Shift.
As can be seen from Table 7, to obtain the correct results for Batchelors speech, we need adjustments in rounding.
In particular, the lax [i] which is a reflex of lui, the tense [i] in the triphthong [yiw], and the tense la/ must be rounded, whereas what appears at this stage in the derivation as lax [0] (from lu/) must be unrounded.
As before we shall use Rounding Adjustment for this purpose, but we shall have to change the environment in Examination of Table 6 shows that tense lal is unique in that it eventuates in a monophthong rather than in a diphthong.
We recall that in the dialect of modem English described in Chapters One through Five, the tense low vowels have centering glides, and it is not unlikely that Batchelors dialect was similar to modem English in this respect.
Since he specifically states, however, that he had monophthongs in these positions, we have formulated the rules here so that monophthongs will be produced in the appropriate environments.
We have done this by assumingthatthe dialect was subject to a special readjustment rule which exempted lal from the Diphthongization Rule.
We note, however, that this rule may reflect nothing other than a difference between the phonetic notation of Batchelor We now observe a curious set of correspondences between the representations derived by the three rules discussed in the preceding paragraphs and the phonetic output (see Table 6).
What appears in the output as fey], [ow], [;,w] is represented in this stage of the derivation as [rey], [~w], [ow], respectively.
Omitting from consideration for the moment the difference in tenseness between the two sets of forms, the three diphthongs appear to have undergone a second Vowel Shift, one that affects only nonhigh vowels and that exchanges their coefficients for the feature low.
We observe, moreover, that the tense vowels involved in this second Vowel Shift, like those involved in the first Vowel Shift, agree in backness and rounding.
The two Vowel Shifts can therefore readily be The effect of this extension of the Vowel Shift is to convert the vowels Iii, lrel, IN, lui, respectively, into frey], [ey], [ow], [~w], leaving the reflexes of lei, 101 intact, as shown in Part (a) of the Rounding Adjustment Rule affects tense and lax [i] and [0], whereas part (b) affects only tense [a] and [X], of which the latter is the result of unrounding of [ow] < /fJ/ by part (a) of Rounding Adjustment.
It is to be noted that not all instances of /a/ will be subject to Rounding Adjustment.
Those that are exempt from it, e.g., /a/ in polysyllables such as father, will be so marked either in the lexicon or by a special readjustment rule.
Moreover, not all instances of tense [fJ] are to be derived from an underlying tense /a/.
As indicated by Batchelors examples, other sources for this vowel must be /J/ before /r/ and before voiceless fricatives.
The rule required here is in fact more general, for it also accounts for the tense monophthong [re] in such words as bard and task (see p. 283).
There are no doubt other such phenomena in Batchelors dialect, but they do not appear clearly from the limited number of examples under consideration here.
We shall not attempt to state At this stage only two major discrepancies remain between the representations produced by our rules and the phonetically attested output.
The diphthongs must be laxed, and it is necessary to make the vowels back in the diphthongs [rey] and [my].
The latter can Rule (47) assures that all tense low vowels are back.
This rule is followed by a generalized 8.
The derivation of the vowels and diphthongs in Batchelors dialect Iy ey yuw J yi Jy ow uw JW yuw It yields the correct results in all but one case: the reflex of /i/ produced by these rules is [ay], whereas according to Batchelors testimony the correct reflex is [AY]· This discrepancy can readily be repaired by a rule raising [ay] to [AY]: It is likely that Batchelors dialect was somewhat unusual in this regard, for, as Batchelor himself notes, his near contemporary John Walker recommends a pronunciation with
a as infather (p. 54), that is, [rey] or [ay].
In Table 8 we illustrate the derivation of the attested phonetic reflexes from the postulated underlying representations.
The striking similarity of the rules employed here with those discussed in Chapter Four is, of course, not surprising, for only a century and a The phonological component expresses the relationship between the surface structure of a sentence and its physical actualization insofar as this relationship is determined by grammatical rule, in the very general sense which we will elucidate below.
The surface structure may be represented as a string of formatives, properly bracketed with labeled brackets (see Chapter One, Section 5).
Given the surface structure of a sentence, the phonological rules of the language interact with certain universal phonetic constraints to derive all grammatically determined facts about the production and perception of this sentence.
These facts are embodied in the phonetic transcription.
Therefore, as P.
Postal has remarked, this the derivative knowledge a speaker has about the pronunciation by virtue of his knowledge of the superficial syntactic structure of the sentence, the lexical items or formatives it contains and the rules of phonology...
The phonetic transcription... is the most gross and superficial aspect of linguistic structure...
It is the most important but far from the only parameter determining the actual acoustic shape of the tokens of the sentence.
Our conception thus differs from an alternative view that the phonetic transcription is primarily a device for recording facts observed in actual utterances.
That the latter view is not tenable, in any very strict sense, has been known at least since mechanical and electrical recordings of utterances have revealed that even the most skillful transcriber is unable to note certain aspects of the signal, while commonly recording in his transcriptions items for which there seems to be no direct warrant in the physical record.
But even if the phonetic transcription were as faithful a record of speech as one could desire, there is still some question whether such a record would be of much interest to linguists,who areprimarily concerned with the structure of language rather than with the acoustics and physiology of speech.
It is because of this question that many structural linguists have felt that phonetics has very little to offer them and have.therefore assigned to it a secondary, peripheral role.
As an illustration of this lack of interest in phonetics we may cite the numerous articles on phonological subjects that have appeared in the last thirty years in journals such as the International Journal of American Linguistics in which information concerning the phonetic properties of the phonemes of a language is often restricted to a simple listing of alphabetic symbols.
See also comments in Chomsky (1964, page 69n and pages 76 f).
These problems do not arise when phonetic transcription is understood in the terms outlined above, that is, not as a direct record of the speech signal, but rather as a representation of what the speaker of a language takes to be the phonetic properties of an utterance, given his hypothesis as to its surface structure and his knowledge of the rules of the phonological component.
Since in this view phonetics is concerned with grammatically determined aspects of the signal, there can be no question about the relevance of phonetics to the study of language.
Moreover, since the phonetic transcription, in this sense, represents the speakerhearers interpretation rather than directly observable properties of the signal, the existence of certain discrepancies between the transcription and the signal can be understood.
Thus it is no longer a problem that the transcription is composed of discrete symbols whereas the signal is quasicontinuous, or that the transcription provides information only about some properties of the signal and not about others, or, finally, that physically identical signals may have distinct phonetic transcriptions.
Clearly, a persons interpretation of a particular speech event is not determined merely by the physical properties constituting the event.
A person will normally not be aware of many properties manifest in the signal, and, at the same time, his interpretation may involve elements which have no direct physical correlates, since what is perceived depends not only on the physical constitution of the signal but also on the hearers knowledge of the language as well as on a host of extragrammatical factors.
Implicit in this approach is the view that speech perception is an active process, a process in which the physical stimulus that strikes the hearers ear is utilized to form hypotheses about the deep structure of the sentence.
Given the deep structure and the rules of the grammar, all other representations of the sentence can be derived, including in particular the phonetic transcription, which is the terminal representation generated by the grammar.
These derived representations are used by the speaker to check his hypothesis against the external stimulus, which provides the data that stand in the most direct (though not necessarily a pointbypoint) relationship with the phonetic transcription.
Since the hypotheses made in speech perception are highly specificthat is, we understand our interlocutor to have said a particular sentencethey are highly improbable.
Consequently even crude agreement between the external stimulus and the internally generated hypothesis suffices to confirm the latter.
In other words the dependence of perception on properties physically present in the signal is less than total.
What is more, there are many extragrammatical factors that determine how close a fit between data and hypothesis is required for In the phonetic transcription an utterance is represented as a sequence of discrete units, each of which is a complex of phonetic features such as voicing, nasality, tongue height, etc.
The phonetic transcription can therefore be taken to be a twodimensional matrix in which the columns stand for consecutive units and the rows stand for different features.
At this level of representation each feature is to be thought of as a scale.
A particular entry in the matrix, then, indicates the position of the unit in question on the given scale.
The total set of features is identical with the set of phonetic properties that can in principle be controlled in speech; they represent the phonetic capabilities of man and, we would As already noted, phonetic transcriptions consistently disregard many overt physical properties of speech.
Among these are phonetic effects that are. not.locatable in ~articular segments but rather extend over entire utterances, such as the VOIce pitch and quality of the speaker and also such socially determined aspects of speech as the normal rate of utterance and what has been called by some writers the articulation base : the system of characteristic articulatory mov~ments of a given.!anguage that confer upon it its general phonetic aspect; ill French the mobility of the lips and forward position of the tongue (Marouzeau, 1943, p. 38).
In addition, phonetic transcriptions omit properties of the signal that are supplied by universal rules.
These properties include, for example, the different articulatory gestures and various coarticulation effectsthe transition between a vowel and an adjacent consonant, the adjustments in the vocal tract shape made in anticipation of subsequent motions, etc.
As mentioned above, the phonetic transcription is related by the rules of the phonological component to a string of formatives with labeled br~ck~ting which r~presents the surface syntactic structure of the sentence.
We will now exanune ill some detail the ma~er in which these formatives are represented in a linguistic description.
Many of the formatives are lexical items, the roots or stems of traditional grammar.
A grammar must incl~de a list of these items, for part of a speakers knowledge of his language consists of knowing the lexical items of the language.
It is by virtue of this knowledge that the native speaker is able to distinguish an utterance in normal English from an utterance such as Carnaps  Pirots karulized elatically or from Carrolls jabberwocky, which conform to all rules of English but are made up of items that happen not to be included in the lexicon of the The representations of the individual items in the lexicon must incorporate the ~owIedge which makes it possible for the speaker to utilize each lexical item in grammatically correct sentences.
This includes certain syntactic information which the speaker must have.
For example, he must know that a particular item is a noun and that it belongs to a large number of intersecting categories such as  animate or inanimate, human or nonhuman feIninine  or masculine.
Since the only question of interest here is whether or not a given item belongs to the category in question, it is natur~ to represent.this information by means of a binary notation: cow, for example, would be specified as [+ anmIate: h~an, +feminine].
In addition to these syntactic features, each lexical entry must contam specified features which determine the phonetic form of the item in all contexts.
We shall call these the phonological features.
The phonological features cannot be chosen arbitrarily, for the phonological component would then have to include a huge number of ad hoc rules of the In fact, we do not wish to exclude the possibility that under certain conditions distinctions that might be implied by the phonological rules of the language may not actually be realizable.
This seems particularly to be true in the case of the different degrees of stress predicted by the stress subordination rules discussed It is not necessarily the case that each deep structure determines a single phonetic representation; if the grammar contains optional rules or analyses, a given deep structure can underlie two or more phonetic Moreover, if we represented lexical items by means of an arbitrary fe~ture notatio.n, we wo~d be effectively prevented from expressing in the grammar the crucial fact that Items which have similar phonetic shapes are subject to many of the same rules.
We might consider overcoming these difficulties by representing each lexical item in its phonetic representation.
However, this solution is not open to us either, for a lexical item frequently has several phonetic shapes, depending on the context in which the item appears.
If we chose to represent each lexical item by the set of its phonetic representations, we would be treating all phonetic variations as exceptions and would, in principle, be unable to express within our grammar the phonetic regularities and general phonological processes that determine phonetic form.
If, on the other hand, we chose to allow only a single phonetic representation for each item, then we would have to provide some rationale for our selection.
Furthermore, it is easily shown that many of the most general and deepseated phonological processes cannot be formulated as rules that directly relate phonetic representations; rather, these We therefore can represent lexical items neither in phonetic transcription nor in an arbitrary notation totally unrelated to the elements of the phonetic transcription.
What is needed is a representation that falls between these two extremes.
Accordingly we propose that each item in the lexicon be represented as a twodimensional matrix in which the columns stand for the successive units and the rows are labeled by the names of the individual phonetic features.
We specifically allow the rules of the grammar to alter the matrix, by deleting or adding columns (units), by changing the specifications assigned to particular rows (features) in particular columns, or by interchanging the positions of columns.
Consequently, the matrix that constitutes the phonetic transcription may differ quite radically from the representation that appeared in the lexicon.
There is, however, a cost attached to such alterations, for they require the postulation of rules in the phonological component.
Such rules are unnecessary in cases where the lexical representation can be accepted as the phonetic representation.
In general, the more abstract the lexical representation, the greater will be the number and complexity of the phonological rules required to map it into a phonetic transcription.
We therefore postulate abstract lexical entries only where this cost is more than compensated for by greater overall simplificationfor example, in cases where the combination of abstract lexical entries and a set of rules permits the formulation of phonological processes of great generality that Thus, lexical representations and a system of phonological rules are chosen in such a way ~s to maximize a certain property that we may call the value of the grammar, a property that IS sometimes called simplicity.
As has been emphasized repeatedly in the literature, the concept of  simplicity or  value is an empirical one.
There is some correct answer to the question of how lexical items are represented and what the phonological rules are.
A particular notion of  value or simplicity will lead to an assumption about lexical items and phonological rules which is either right or wrong, and therefore the validity of the notion must be determined on empirical grounds, exactly as in the case of every other concept of linguistic theory.
It may be difficult to obtain crucial empirical evidence bearing on proposed definitions of simplicity, but this cannot obscure the fact that it is an empirical concept that is involved, and that one can no more employ a priori arguments in determining how value should be defined than in determining how to define set of distinctive features or grammatical A specific proposal as to the definition of value will make certain assumptions as to what constitutes a linguistically significant generalization, as to what constitutes a  regularity of the sort that a child will use as a way of organizing the data he is confronted with in the course of language acquisition.
The child is presented with certain data; he arrives at a specific grammar, with a specific representation of lexical items and a certain system of phonological rules.
The relation between data and grammaris, we naturally assume, languageindependent: there is no basis for supposing that individuals differ genetically in their ability to learn one rather than another natural language.
Consequently, the relationship is determined by a principle of universal grammar.
Specifically, the definition of value or  simplicity must be part of universal grammar, and a specific proposal will be right or wrong as it does or does not play its part in accounting for the actually existing relation between data and grammar.
Summarizing, we postulate a set of lexical matrices and a system of phonological rules whichjointly maximize value, in some sense which will be defined.
Phonological representation in terms of lexical matrices (as modified through readjustment rulessee Chapter One, Section 5.1, and Chapter Eight, Section 6.5) is abstract in the sense that the phonological representation is not necessarily a submatrix of the phonetic representation.
We do not, in other words, impose the conditions of linearity and invariance (see Chomsky, 1964) on the relation between phonological and phonetic representation.
The indirectness of this relation must be purchased at the cost of adding rules to the grammar, Given a definition of value, we can therefore say that the facts of pronunciation induce the representation of items in the Notice that the phonetic features appear in lexical entries as abstract classificatory markers with a status rather similar to that of the classificatory features that assign formatives to such categories as  noun, verb,  transitive.
Like the latter, the phonological features indicate whether or not a given lexical item belongs to a given category.
In the case of the phonological matrices, these categories have the meaning begins with a voiced stop, contains a vowel, ends with a strident nonback obstruent, and so on.
In view ofthe fact that phonological features are classificatory devices, they are binary, as are all other classificatory features in the lexicon, for the natural way of indicating whether or not an item belongs to a particular category is by means of binary features.
This does not mean that the phonetic features into which the phonological features are mapped must also be binary.
In fact, the phonetic features are physical scales and may thus assume numerous coefficients, as determined by the rules of the phonological component.
However, this fact clearly has no bearing on the binary structure of the phonological features, which, as noted, are abstract but not As already noted, the phonetic representation can be thought of formally as a twodimensional matrix in which the columns stand for consecutive units and the rows stand for individual phonetic features.
The phonetic features can be characterized as physical scales describing independently controllable aspects of the speech event, such as vocalicness, nasality, voicing, glottalization.
There are, therefore, as many phonetic features as there are aspects under partially independent control.
It is in this sense that the totality of phonetic features can be said to represent the speechproducing capabilities of the human vocal apparatus.
We shall say that the phonetic representations of two units are distinct if they differ in the coefficient assigned to at least one feature; phonetic representations of sequences of units are distinct if they contain distinct units or if they differ in the number or order of units.
At the level of phonetic representation, utterances are comparable across languages; it thus makes sense to ask whether the phonetic representation of an utterance of language L 1 is distinct from a phonetic representation of an utterance of a different language L 2 • For Failure to differentiate sharply between abstract phonological features and concrete phonetic scales has.been one of the main reasons for the protracted and essentially fruitless debate concerning the binary In the succeeding pages we shall list the individual features that together represent the phonetic capabilities of man.
Each feature is a physical scale ~efined by t,o point~, which tensenontense (lax).We shall describe the articulatory correlate of every feature and illustrate the feature by citing examples of its occurrence in different languages of the world.
We shall speak of the acoustical and perceptual correlates of a feature only occasionally, not because we regard these aspects as either less interesting or less important, but rath~r because such discussions would make this section, which is itself a digression from the main theme of our book, much too long.
We shall consider the phonetic features under the headings given below. (The numbers in parentheses refer to the section in which the feature is discussed.) example, an utterance containing an apical dental stop must have a different phonetic representation from an utterance that is identical except for containing a laminal dental stop in place of the apical dental stop.
The representation must differ since the distinction is determined in part by languagespecific rules; it is not a case of universal free variation.
An interesting example of crosslanguage contrasts that require a special phonetic feature is provided by the labiovelar consonants found in many African languages.
In some languages, such as Yoruba, these consonants are produced with a special clicklike suction, whereas in other languages, such as Late, they are produced without this suction (Ladefoged, 1964, p. 9).
Since clicklike suction is clearly an independently controllable aspect of the speech event, the data just cited establish suction as a separate phonetic feature, regardless of the fact that apparently in no language are there contrasting pairs of utterances that differ solely in this The situation is not always straightforward, however.
Since phonetic features are. scales which may in principle assume numerous discrete coefficients, the question may arise, under certain circumstances, whether a certain phonetic contrast is to be represented by means of a new phonetic feature or by increasing the number of coefficients that some already extant phonetic feature may be allowed to assume.
The latter solution may appear especially attractive in cases where a slight redefinition of some phonetic feature would readily accommodate the proposed solution.
To summarize, the features have a phonetic function and a classificatory function.
In their phonetic function, they are scales that admit a fixed number of values, and they relate to independently controllable aspects of the speech event or independent elements of perceptual representation.
In their classificatory function they admit only two coefficients, and they fall together with other categories that specify the idiosyncratic properties of lexical items.
The only condition that we have so far imposed on the features in their lexical, classificatory function is that lexical representations be chosen in such a way as to maximize the  value of the lexicon and grammar, where the notion value is still to be defined precisely, though its general properties are clear.
Apart from this, the representation of a lexical item In a later discussion (see Chapter Nine), we will consider significantly heavier conditions on lexical representation.
There we will turn to the question of  plausible phonological rules and, more generally, to ways in which a particular feature mayor may not function in the lexicon and in the phonology.
These considerations will differentiate features from one another with respect to the role that they can play in the system of rules and in lexical representation.
At that point in the development of our theory, considerations beyond maximization of value will enter into the determination of lexical representations.
In the remainder of this chapter we attempt to sketch the universal set of phonetic features.
Our aim is to cover every inherent phonetic feature regardless of whether it plays a role in the phonetics of English.
We are well aware of the many gaps in our knowledge that make the success of this undertaking somewhat problematical, but we feel that general phonetics has been neglected for so long that agreement on even the most elementary propositions of This subdivision of features is made primarily for purposes of exposition and has little theoretical basis at present.
It seems likely, however, that ultimately the features themselves will be seen to be organized in a hierarchical structure which may resemble the structure that In most Xray motion pictures of speech, it can readily be observed that just prior to speaking the subject positions his vocal tract in a certain characteristic manner.
We shall call this configuration the neutral position and shall describe some of the ways in which it differs from the configuration of the vocal tract during quiet breathing.
In the latter state the velum is lowered, thereby allowing air to pass through the nose; in the neutral position, on the other hand, the velum is raised, and the air flow through the nose is shut off.
The body of the tongue, which in quiet breathing lies in a relaxed state on the floor of the mouth, is raised in the ~eutral position to about the level that it occupies in the articulation of the English vowel [e] III the word bed; but the blade of the tongue remains in about the same position as in quiet breathing.
Since speech is generally produced on exhalation, the air pressure in the lungs just prior to speaking must be higher than the atmospheric pressure.
During quiet breathing, the vocal cords must be widely spread apart since practically no sound is emitted.
On the other hand, there is good reason to believe that prior to speaking the subject normally narrows his glottis and positions his vocal cords so that in the neutral position they will vibrate spontaneously in response to the normal, unimpeded air flow.
Since this spontaneous vocal cord vibration has been almost totally ignored in the literature, we digress here in order to examine The two major factors controlling vocal cord vibration are the difference in air pressure below and above the glottis and the configuration of the vocal cords themselvestheir tension, shape, and relative position.
The subglottal pressure is that maintained in the trachea by the respiratory muscles.
In the absence of a significant constriction in the oral cavity, the supraglottal pressure will be about equal to atmospheric pressure and will, of course, be lower than the subglottal pressure.
If, on the other hand; there are significant constrictions in the oral cavity, the supraglottal pressure will rise above the atmospheric pressure since the air being exhaled from the lungs will not be allowed to flow out freely.
Part or all of this air will be trapped in the supraglottal cavity, building up the pressure there and thus reducing the We follow here Bell, Sweet, D.
Jones and other phoneticians in drawing a distinction between the body and th~ bla.deof the tongue.
See D.
Jones (1956, p. 15): ... the part which normally lies opposite the teeth ridge IS called the blade.
The extremity of the tongue is called the tip or point, and is included in the blade.
An almost identical description is given by Westermann and Ward (1933, p. 17). pressure difference below and above the glottis.
This is of importance to us here since, all other things being equal, this pressure difference determines the rate at which the air will flow fro~ the lungs through the glottis, and it is the flow rate which determines whether or not In order to initiate vocal cord vibration, it is not necessary that the glottis be totally closed.
If the velocity of the air flow through the glottis is high enough, it may reduce the pressure inside the glottis opening (the Bernoulli effect) to the point where the pressure is insufficient to prevent the elastic tissue forces from pulling the vocal cords together and closing the glottis.
As soon as the glottis is closed, the subglottal pressure begins to build up and ultimately becomes large enough to overcome the elastic tissue forces pulling the glottis shut.
At this point the glottis is opened, and air flows through it again.
The air flow is subsequently cut off again since it once more produces a critical pressure drop inside the glottis opening.
Obviously the Bernoulli effect can take place only if the vocal cords are appropriately positioned.
If they are spread too far apart, as they are ill quiet breathing, the pressure drop inside the glottis will not be great enough to pull the vocal cords together and thus initiate We have already postulated that in the neutral position the vocal cords are placed so as to vibrate spontaneously in response to the unimpeded air flow.
It is, however, a wellknown fact that vocal cord vibrations also occur when there is a radical constriction, or even total closure, in the oral cavity.
Although direct observations have not as yet been made, there is reason to suppose that the positioning of the vocal cords and their manner of vibration in the presence of a significant constriction in the oral cavity differ in important ways from the position and vibration observed during unimpeded air flow.
It thus appears that voicing in obstruents is a rather different matter from that observed in sonorants.
Theoretical investigations by Halle and Stevens (1967) have shown that for sounds with low first formantsi.e., for sounds other than vowelsperiodic vocal cord vibrations can be maintained only if the width of the glottal pulse is increased by lengthening the open phase during each glottal vibration over that normally found in vowels and/or if the damping of the first formant is substantially increased by creating a larger average glottal opening.
The increased glottal opening would also help to maintain the vibration in the face of the reduced pressure drop across the glottis resulting from the buildup of pressure behind the Certain wellknown observations seem to support the theoretical conclusion that nonspontaneous voicing involves quite different adjustments than does spontaneous voicing.
Thus, the air flow in voiced obstruents is noticeably faster than that in sonorants (vowels, glides, liquids, nasals).
This fact is readily explained on the assumption that the average glottal opening is larger in obstruents than in vowels.
Moreover, studies now in progress indicate that at least in the production of some voiced obstruents, the glottis is partially open during the phonation period.
Finally, the very common lengthening of vowels before voiced obstruents can be explained on the grounds that it requires time to shift from the glottis
 configuration appropriate for vowels to that appropriate for obstruents.
Reduced to the most rudimentary terms, the behavior of the vocal tract in speech can be described as an alternation of closing and opening.
During the closed phase the flow of air from the lungs is either impeded or stopped, and pressure is built up in the vocal tract; during consonantal obstruction even if it does not make complete contact with the roof of the mouth.
The uvular [R] is produced in a quite similar fashion, but in this case the lowered uvula rather than the raised tongue forms the obstruction in the midsagittal region of the vocal tract.
The presence of an obstruction.in the midsagittal region is not necessarily accompanied by sufficient closure of the entire passage to suppress spontaneous voicing.
The liquids are the passage is narrowed to a point where spontaneous vocal cord vibration is impossible; among the latter types of sounds are the plosives, affricates, and fricatives.
On the other hand, not every sound produced with a raised tongue tip is consonantal.
The socalled retroflex vowels are formed with a raised tongue tip, which, however, is not close enough to the palate to constitute a consonantal obstruction.
These vowels are thus nonconsonantal.
The major class features therefore define the categories of speech sounds shown in the open phase the air flows out freely.
This skeleton of speech production provides the basis for the major class features, that is, the features that subdivide speech sounds into vowels, consonants, obstruents, sonorants, glides, and liquids.
Each of the three major class features sonorant, vocalic, consonantalfocuses on a different aspect of the openversusclosed Sonorants are sounds produced with a vocal tract cavity configuration in which spontaneous voicing is possible; obstruents are produced with a cavity configuration that As we noted above, spontaneous voicing may be suppressed by narrowing the air passage to a point where the rate of flow is reduced below the critical value needed for the Bernoulli effect to take place.
Constrictions more radical than those found in the glides [y] and [w] will have this result.
Hence sounds formed with more radical. constrictions than the glides, i.e., stops, fricatives, and affricates, are nonsonorant, whereas vowels, glides, nasal In this connection it should be observed that there appear to be differences in the degree of constriction with which [1]and [r]sounds are produced.
In the better known cases these sounds are produced with a very moderate degree of constriction and are therefore clearly sonorants.
There are, however, liquids which are produced with a quite radical constriction and which have to be regarded as obstruents.
Such is the case, apparently, in Chippewyan, in certain Caucasian languages, and in those languages with strident liquids, such as Recent work indicates that in place of vocalicness  the phonetic framework should contain a feature Vocalic sounds are produced with an oral cavity in which the most radical constriction does not exceed that found in the high vowels [i] and [u] and with vocal cords that are positioned so as to allow spontaneous voicing; in producing nonvocalic sounds one or both Vocalic sounds, therefore, are the voiced vowels and liquids, whereas glides, nasal consonants, and obstruents, as well as voiceless vowels and liquids, are nonvocalic..
Consonantal sounds are produced with a radical obstruction in the midsagittal region of the vocal tract; nonconsonantal sounds are produced without such an obstruction.
It is essential to note that the obstruction must be at least as narrow as that found in the fricative consonants and must, moreover, be located in the midsagittal region of the cavity.
This feature, therefore, distinguishes liquids and consonants, both nasal and nonnasal, from glides and vowels.
It has been observed by Sievers (1901) that an essential characteristic of vowels is their dorsal articulation; that is, vowels commonly are produced with the blade of the tongue some distance from the roof of the mouth.
When the blade of the tongue is raised close enough to the roof of the mouth to produce the requisite obstruction, the result is a true consonant or a liquid.
Thus an [l]sound is produced when the tip of the tongue touches the roof of the mouth, thereby blocking the midsagittal region of the vocal tract.
In the case of the common lingual [rjsounds, the raised tongue narrows the passage sufficientlyto produce a There are several ways in which primary strictures have been treated in the phonetic literature.
The most widely known approach, that of the International Phonetic Alphabet, utilizes different features to characterize the strictures in vowels and in consonants.
Vowel strictures are described with the help of the features frontback and highlow, whereas consonantal strictures are characterized by means of a single multivalued parameter that refers to the location of the constriction.
The disadvantage of this method is that it fails to bring out the obvious parallels between vocalic and consonantal strictures.
Thus, the difference between palatal and velar consonants clearly parallels that between front and back vowels, for in both cases there are the same differences in the position of the body of the tongue.
There is, however, no mechanism in the IPA framework to capture this and similar facts.
One of the many contributions of R.
Jakobson is a phonetic framework in which many of these parallels are properly captured.
As is well known, the salient characteristic of the Jakobsonian framework is that the same three featuresgravity, compactness, and diffuseness are used to describe the primary strictures in both vowels and consonants.
This complete identification of vowel and consonant features seems in retrospect to have been too radical a solution, for reasoJs that we briefly outline below.
We have therefore made a number of changes in the framework, in particular, with regard to the primary cavity features.
The revised framework is quite likely to appear to depart from the earlier framework much more radically than it in fact does.
This deceptive impression is the result of the unfortunate need to change terminology once again and replace the by now reasonably familiar LOWNONLOW.
Low sounds are produced by lowering the body of the tongue below the level that it occupies in the neutral position; nonlow sounds are produced without such a BACKNONBACK.
Back sounds are produced by retracting the body of the tongue from the neutral position; nonback sounds are produced without such a retraction from the neutral The characterization of the vowels in terms of the three features above is quite straightforward and differs little from that found in most traditional phonetics books.
We must observe only that the phonetic characterization of low and high rules out sounds that terms compact,  diffuse, and grave in part by totally new terms, in part by terms that are a return to the status quo ante.
We discuss the relationship between the two frameworks Coronal sounds are produced with the blade of the tongue raised from its neutral position; noncoronal sounds are produced with the blade of the tongue in the neutral The phonetic classification effected by this feature is all but selfevident.
The socalled dental, alveolar, and palatoalveolar consonants are coronal, as are the liquids articulated with the blade of the tongue.
The uvular [R] and the consonants articulated with the lips or with the body of the tongue are noncoronal.
The glides [y] and [w] are noncoronal.
Finally, the socalled retroflex vowels which are found in some languages of Indiae.g., Badaga (H.
L.
Gleason, personal communication)as well as in many English dialects in the position before [r] are coronal.
Nonretroflex vowels are, of course, noncoronal.
The three features high, low, back characterize the placement of the body of the tongue.
Recall that in the neutral position the body of the tongue was assumed to be raised and fronted, approximating the configuration found in the vowel [e] in English bed.
In characterizing these three features, we shall be concerned with the various displacements of HIGHNONHlGH.
High sounds are produced by raising the body of the tongue above the level that it occupies in the neutral position; nonhigh sounds are produced without such a The term coronal is used here in the sense of the German Vorderzungenlaut and the Russian perednejazycnyj.
Sievers (1901) distinguished two types of linguopalatal sounds with nonlateral articulation: (1) Coronale Articulation: die Articulation wird durch den vorderen Zungensaum bewirkt welcher sich als eine mehr oder weniger scharfe Kante dem Gaumen entgegenstellt... (2) Dorsale Articulation: die nothwendigen Engen bez.
Verschluesse werden durch Emporheben eines In much the same way the term is defined by Broch (1911): Wird die charakteristische Enge oder der Verschluss durch den Vorderrand der Zunge gebildet, wobei sich ihre Oberflaeche gewoehnlich auf einer groesseren oder kleineren Strecke als konkav bezeichnen laesst, so wird die Artikulation koronal genannt We differ somewhat from Sievers and Brach in that we regard as coronal all types of sounds formed with the blade of the tongue; Sievers and Broch did not use this term when speaking of sounds formed with the flat part ~f the blade (Sweets lamin~l ): (See note 6.) The latter distinction is handled in the present framework Withthe help of the feature distributed  (see Section 4.4 of this chapter). 1, for it is impossible to raise the body of the tongue above the neutral position The characterization of the consonants in terms of these same features is equally straightforward, though perhaps somewhat unfamiliar.
Consider first the consonants where the primary constriction is formed with the body of the tongue, in other words, those that are both noncoronal and nonanterior: the palatals, velars, uvulars, and pharyngeals.
These four points of articulation are readily captured with the help of the three features under
Anterior sounds are produced with an obstruction that is located in front of the palatoalveolar region of the mouth; nonanterior sounds are produced without such an obstruction.
The palatoalveolar region is that where the ordinary English [8] is produced.
It follows from the proposed characterization that vowels, which are formed without constrictions in the oral cavity, are always nonanterior.
Consonants and liquids are anterior when they are formed with an obstruction that is located farther forward than the obstruction for [8].
The consonants that in traditional terminology are described as palatoalveolar, retroflex, palatal, velar, uvular, or pharyngeal are therefore non anterior, whereas labials, The absence of nonhigh nonback consonants is a direct consequence of the fact that the body of the tongue can form a constriction only if it is high or back.
While no language known to us has all four types of consonants in Table 2, there are quite a number of languages in which three of the four classes are attested.
Serer, a West African language, has palatal, velar, and uvular voiceless stops.
Ubykh, a Caucasian language, distinguishes pharyngeal, uvular, velar, and perhaps also palatal obstruents (Vogt, 1963; Allen, 1964).
In Ubykh, as in many other languages, such as Gilyak (see Zinder and Matusevic, 1937; Halle, 1957), the difference between velar and uvular points of articulation is paralleled by the difference between nonstrident and strident.
This, however, is by no means universal.
For instance, the spectrographic evidence published by Ladefoged
(1964, p. 22) shows that in Serer the velar and uvular stops are both nonstrident plosives.
Distinctions among palatal, velar, and uvular obstruents are also found in Chinook (Boas, 1911)and are mentioned by Trubetzkoy (1958, p. 122)as attested in certain Nilotic languages We must now inquire into the role that the features high, low, and back play iIi. the remaining class of consonants, which in terms of the present framework are anterior and/or coronal.
We observe that the three features may be used in a natural manner to characterize subsidiary consonantal articulations such as palatalization, velarization, and pharyngealization.
These subsidiary articulations consist in the superimposition of vowellike The following contrasting forms are cited by Ladefoged (1964, p. 46; see also pp. 2122): [klit] gift, [kid]
eyes, [qos] leg, where the symbol k 1 represents the voiceless palatal stop equivalent to the IPA c. articulations on the basic consonantal articulation.
In palatalization the superimposed subsidiary articulation is [i]like; in velarization, [i]like; and in pharyngealization, [a]like.
The most straightforward procedure is, therefore, to express these superimposed vowellike articulations with the help of the features high, low, and back, which are used to characterize the same articulations when they appear in the vowels.
We shall say that palatalized consonants are high and nonback; velarized consonants are high and back; the pharyngealized consonants (e.g., the Arabic emphatic consonants) are low and back.
On the other hand, consonants neutral with respect to palatalization, velarization, and pharyngealization are [high], since such configurations lack a constriction formed by the body of the tongue.
Incidentally, it is not clear what role the feature low plays in such configurations since we do not know of any language with uvularized dentals or labials.
If such consonants exist, however, they will be characterized in terms of our framework as The palatoalveolars differ from the labial and dental consonants in that they are redundantly [+ high].
In place of the fourway contrast found in the labials and dentals, the palatoalveolars, therefore, exhibit only a twoway contrast of palatalized ([ backj) and velarized ([ + back]).
The phonetic contrast can be seen very clearly in the Xray tracings given by Fant (1960) of the two [5] sounds of standard Russian.
Table 3 (p. 307) gives the feature composition of the most important classes of speech The features discussed in the preceding sections are basically revised versions of diffuseness, compactness, and gravity, which are well known from earlier presentations of the distinctive feature framework where they served to characterize the main articulatory configurations in the vowels as well as the consonants.
As more and more languages were described within this framework, it became increasingly clear that there was a need for modification along the lines discussed in the preceding section.
In this section we shallexamine some of the problems that arose within the earlier framework and outline the way in which these problems are overcome by the revised features presented above.
This question has The revisions proposed in the last few pages have the following main effects: (1) Features specifying the position of the body of the tongue are now the same for vowels (2) In the characterization of vowel articulations, the features high, low, back correspond to the earlier diffuse,  compact, and grave, respectively.
In consonants, the same three revised features correspond to palatalization, velarization, and pharyngealization in the manner discussed above..
(3) The feature anterior mirrors precisely the feature diffuse in consonants. (4) The feature coronal corresponds most closely to the feature grave in consonants but with opposite value.
Except for the palatals ([ktl, etc.), consonants that were classified as nongrave in the earlier framework are coronal in the revised framework, whereas those that were classified as grave are noncoronal.
The palatals, which in the We recall that in the earlier framework the feature diffuse was used to characterize 3.
Feature composition of the primary classes of speech sounds both the distinction between high and nonhigh vowels and that between what we have called anterior and nonanterior consonants.
As a result the articulatory and acoustical characterization of the feature became quite complex and rather implausible. (See, for A further consequence of the same fact was the need to characterize palatalization, velarization, and pharyngealization by means of independent features.
This, in turn, failed to explain why these subsidiary articulations are not found with consonants that are formed with the body of the tongue, i.e., consonants that are noncoronal and nonanterior in the , present framework.
In the former framework this was a mere accident; in the revised frame work the gap is structurally motivated/as shown in Section 4.2.
It is worthy of note that rounding (labialization), which is also a subsidiary articulation, is not subject to similar restrictions.
All classes of consonants, including labials, may be rounded.
A related inadequacy of the former framework is that it provided no explanation for the fact that palatalization, velarization, and pharyngealization are mutually exclusive.
In the revised framework the cooccurrence of these articulations is a logical impossibility since a given sound cannot be back and nonback.
In the former framework, on the other hand, The former framework, furthermore, did not bring out the fact that palatalization and velarization characteristically occur before front and back vowels, respectively; the connection between palatalization and front vowels and between velarization and back vowels was no more motivated than a connection between glottalization or voicing and front vowels.
In the revised framework, on the other hand, palatalization and velarization are The earlier framework failed to account for the appearance of palatal, in place of velar, consonants in precisely the same environments where other classes of consonants undergo palatalization. (Recall that palatalization preserves the point of articulation, whereas the change of velar to palatal constitutes a change in the point of articulation.) In the revised framework these two superficially distinct processes are shown to be a result of the same change, that is, [+ back] to [back].
A parallel argument can be given for the treatment of The earlier framework made it impossible in principle to distinguish velar from uvular or pharyngeal consonants by means of their points of articulation.
Such distinctions instead had to be made by the use of some subsidiary feature such as stridency.
There are, however, languages (Serer, for examplesee p. 305 and note 9) in which velar and uvular consonants do not differ in any such subsidiary feature and which therefore could not be accounted for.
This shortcoming is easily taken care of in the revised framework, in which the different points of articulation in velar, uvular, and pharyngeal consonants are specified with the help In our discussion of the features up to this point, we have spoken at length about the location of strictures in the vocal tract butwe have said nothing about differences in the degree of narrowing that can readily be observed in the strictures found in different sounds.
This omission has been due to the tacit assumption that the degree of narrowing is determinable from other features of a particular sound.
This approach is perfectly familiar in phonetics; for example, no phonetics book does more than remark that in rounded vowels the degree of lip narrowing is most radical for high vowels and least radical for low vowels.
While degree of narrowing never functions as the sole cue for differentiating two otherwise identical utterances, it is not true that in all languages the degree of narrowing involved in a particular sound is always predictable from universal phonetic principles.
This becomes quite clear if we examine velarized consonants, which appear in various languages with radically different In Russian a moderate narrowing in the velar region is present in the articulation of the socalled hard consonants, where concomitant with velarization we find a certain degree Velarization with more radical narrowing has been reported by C.
M.
Doke (1931) as Velarization is brought about by an abnormal raising of the back of the tongue towards the soft palate (velum), instead of the usual slight raising effected in
See Broch (1911, pp. 224 ff.) and Xray pictures in Fant (1960, pp. 140, 163, 170, 186). pronouncing the velar semivowel w...
The extent to which the tongue is raised differs with the dialects.
If the back of the tongue is so far raised as to effect contact with the velum, the velarization will appear as k, g, or IJ ••• Similarly if the raising of the tongue is not so great, corresponding fricative sounds will
Similar phenomena have been noted by Ladefoged (1964) in West African languages.
Velarization in which there is complete closure in the velar region was found in Effutu and has thevelarizedforms by, dy which are clearly sequences from the auditory point of view; but equally the articulatory gestures overlap, in that the velar stricture is formed during the stop closure.
In this language there are strong grounds for saying that this is a kind of additive component or secondary articulation...
The most striking instance of extreme velarization is that of the Bushman and Hottentot clicks, all of which are produced with complete closure at the velum.P The clicks, however, differ from other velarized consonants in that in addition to complete closure they involve a special suction mechanism.
The clicks will therefore be discussed when we deal with suction We know of no languages that exhibit parallel variations in degree of narrowing concomitant with palatalization or pharyngealization, but, as will be shown in the next section, parallel variations are found with the feature of  rounding.
Rounded sounds are produced with a narrowing of the lip orifice; nonrounded sounds All classes of sounds may manifest rounding.
In glides and nonlow vowels, rounding is commonly correlated with the feature back: sounds that are back are also round, those that are nonback are nonround.
This association is not obligatory, however, and there are many instances where the features round and back combine freely.
Turkish, for example, has all of the four possible feature combinations contrasting among its high vowels, French distinguishes three glides phonetically: nonround nonback [Y], as in les yeux, the , eyes; round back [w], as in les oiseaux, the birds; and round nonback [w], as in tuer, In consonants, rounding, which i~ usually designated by the term labialization, is In our analysis of the clicks as instances of extreme velarization, we folIow a suggestion made by Trubetzkoy (1958, p, 129).
We differ from Trubetzkoy, however, in postulating a special feature (suction) to not uncommon, especially in velars.
Labialized velars are found, for example, in Southern Paiute (Sapir, 1930), Chippewyau (Li, 1946), and Navaho (Hoijer, 1945).
Labialized dentals and palatealveolars are found in certain West African languages, such as Effutu, Ga, and Krachi (Ladefoged, 1964).
Finally, contrasting labialized and nonlabialized labials are attested in Kutep (Ladefoged, 1964) and in certain Caucasian languages such as Ubykh Labialization combines quite commonly with velarization, but we do not know of any examples where these two features act independently in a given phonological system.
On the other hand, there appear to be a number of languages where labialization and palatalization function independently.
Trubetzkoy (1939) notes that in Dungan Chinese rounding may be rounding with coronal (dental and palatealveolar) consonants..
This language is interesting also because of the fact that the extreme degree of rounding is superimposed on dentals and palatal consonants, whereas in most other languages extreme rounding (i.e., total lip closure) is a feature of velars.
In addition, in Temne (Ladefoged, 1964, p. 47), a voiceless plosive with a moderate degree of rounding, [kv], is paired with a voiced plosive with extreme rounding, [gb],
In sum, in consonants there are at least three phonetically different degrees of rounding.
It appears, however, that the particular degree of rounding that obtains in each instance can be determined by the phonological rules of the language so that it is sufficient to indicate in the lexicon whether the given segment is or is not rounded.
An interesting question arises with regard to the labiovelars.
We may ask whether these are labials with extreme velarization or velars with extreme rounding, or, in feature terms, whether they should be represented as (1) or as (2): those that are not.
Similar observations have been made in Kashmiri (Jakobson, Fant, and Halle, 1963, p. 35), and in certain West African languages such as Twi and Late (see Ladefoged (1964), plate 9, which reproduces excellent records made of a labialized and palatalized The degree of rounding is always determinable from other features.
In the vowels and glides it is correlated with the maximum degree of constriction in the oral cavity.
Glides and There are parallel variations in the degree of rounding in consonants.
These vary from a degree that is equivalent to that of the glides to complete closure.
Thus, we find rounded consonants with a moderate degree of lip constriction in such languages as Chippewyan (Li, 1946), Hausa (Ladefoged, 1964, p. 64), and Rutulian (Trubetzkoy, 1958, p. 125), whereas in languages such as Ewe and Kpelle we find rounded consonants implemented with complete closure at the lips.
The latter are the consonants that are commonly represented orthographically as kp and gbP In addition to rounded consonants with moderate constriction and those with total closure, there appear to be consonants of this type which involve an intermediate degree of has a labiodental fricative which seems to be superimposable on other articulations.
The sounds observed in this language include k, gV, secondary articulation also occurs in Kutep; but in this language labiodentalization occurs only after fricatives (including those in affricates) and is in A parallel instance of different degrees of rounding being contextually distributed may be cited from Margi, a language spoken in Nigeria.
In this language moderate degrees of rounding occur with noncoronal consonants (labials and velars), and extreme degrees of In some African languagesee.g., Effutu, Nkonya(as n~ted by Ladefoged, 1964, pp. 5154)these symbols represent, rather, velarized labials.
There are, moreover, different ways in which the secondary closure is released in these sounds, as discussed in Section 5.2. 13 Quite similar facts are reported by Doke (1931) for Shona: Labialized alveolar fricatives and affricates occur in all Shona dialects...
In several of the Manyinka dialects and in Tavara, the lip rounding of these sounds is so extreme that the explosive element in the affricates has an acoustic bias towards p.. .
In Northern Tavara the lip contact in the affricates is complete with many speakers, and the resultant forms \ We cannot determine this by direct phonetic observation since these two feature configurations seem to result in the same articulatory gesture.
Sometimes, however, it is possible to make a decision between such configurations on the basis of the facts of the language.
In Nupe (N.
V.
Smith, personal communication) round (labialized) labials are distinguished from nonround labials; e.g., [pw] is distinct from [Pl.
In addition Nupe has two types of labiovelars, rounded and unrounded.
The existence of both types immediately resolves the question as to how they are to be represented.
We must regard them as labials with extreme velarization (i.e., as having the feature configuration (1)), which mayor may not also be rounded.
The reason is that if we chose to represent one of the two labiovelars with the feature configuration (2), we should then be unable to represent its phonetic cognate with Incidentally, in Nupe there is the further interesting fact that all obstruents palatalize before front vowels.
Velars become palatals, and the labials become palatalized, that is, show the characteristic [ijlike transition to the adjacent vowel.
The labiovelars show the same type of [ijlike transition as the labials.
This fact further supports the decision to regard See Hoffmann (1963, pp. 2729).
In his list of phonemes Hoffmann also cites a ~umber?f dental cor:sona~ts with superimposed rounding of a moderate degree, which he symbolizes?y diand tn:graph~ ending With the letter w: SW, tw, tlw.
Hoffmann believessthat these are in contrast With dentals With labial closure.
A good many of the examples quoted, however, seem to be instances of a plain dental being followed by the suffix twa! and hence are not really relevant.
For example, swa, to shut (without locking), is given on page 149 as S(II)Wa and compared with the stem S{I, to contract (disease); tlwd, to cut in two (with knife), is derived on page 148 from tid, to cut (with knife).
The features anterior and coronal provide for a fourway classification of consonants corresponding to the four main points of articulation: labial, dental, palatoalveolar, and postalveolar (palatal, velar, uvular, pharyngeal).
We have seen (Section 4.2) are provided for by the features back, high, and low.
The same is not true of the other classes of consonants, where these three features instead account for supplementary articulations such as palatalization, velarization, and pharyngealization.
Thus we have in effect recognized three points of articulation in the prepalatal region.
The question that must now be considered is how the proposed framework will treat various languages that appear There are quite a number of languages with the obstruent system in (3): where t represents a dental, t an alveolar, t a retroflex, and k l a palatoalveolar plosive.
Such systems have been reported for Aranta (K.
Hale, personal communication), Araucanian (Echeverria and Contreras, 1965), Madurese (A.
M.
Stevens, 1965),Toda (Emeneau, 1957), and many other languages.
In at least some of these languages (Araucanian and Aranta, for instance), these distinctions must be directly represented in the lexicon since they function as the sole distinguishing mark among items belonging to identical grammatical categories.
We must, therefore, add a feature to the framework, and the next problem to consider is the phonetic nature of this feature.
At first sight it may appear that in each of the three points of articulation so far established we must recognize a forward and back region.
This, however, does not reflect all the facts since in most cases the subsidiary differences in point of articulation are also accompanied by characteristic differences in the length of the zone of contact.
The length of a constriction along the direction of the air flow has obvious acoustical consequences, and it would be highly plausible that these should be controlled by a special Distributed sounds are produced with a constriction that extends for a considerable distance along the direction of the air flow; nondistributed sounds are produced with a constriction that extends only for a short distance in this direction.
The distinction that we are trying to capture here has by no means gone unrecognized in the past.
Phonetics books traditionally distinguish apical from laminal and retroflex from nonretroflex consonants.P As a first approximation (to be further refined below), we class the former as [distributed] and the latter as [+ distributed].
In postulating the feature distributed, we are in effect claiming that subsidiary differences in points of articulation are in all cases describable with the help of lowlevel phonetic rules, rules which, like the stress rules of English, assign numerical values to the different features.
This is by no means an empty claim.
It would be controverted if, for example, a given language were shown to have dental and alveolar consonants which both had apical articulations.
This question has been investigated by Ladefoged (1964, pp. 19 f. and s Zwicky (I965) has argued convincingly that in Sanskrit the retroflex!f is [anterior] ([+ compact] in the framework used by Zwicky), like the palatealveolar f, and not [+anterior] like the dental s.
This view was apparently shared. by Whitney (I.941.l who comments: This very near relationship of!f and f is attested by this euphoruc treatment which IS to a considerable extent the same. passim), with results that are of great interest.
In what we may term the dentialveolar region, Ladefoged distinguishes three areas: (1) teeth and teethridge; (2) front of teethridge; (3) back of teethridge.
In each of these areas Ladefoged finds consonants produced with and without a distributed constriction.
In Table 5 we summarize the relevant data given by It is immediately clear from the table above that no single language has more than two consonants in the dentialveolar region, of which one is apical and the other laminal.
The simplest situation is that in Twi, where we have the common contrast between alveolar and palatoalveolar consonants (in our terms, anterior and nonanterior consonants).
This solution is in accord with Ladefogeds comment that it was only an arbitrary decision to symbolize the prepalatal position by a symbol indicating a retracted alveolar rather than an advanced The situation is equally simple in Ewe, where dental consonants contrast with retroflex. ib d l Ladefoged notes that the Ewe retroflex consonant sounds slightly different from the retroflex stop found in Indian languages such as Hindi (p. 18).
If this difference is systematic, it would clearly have to be reflected in the grammars of these languages.
It is, however, quite sufficientto note that the point of contact between the tongue and the roof of the mouth is somewhat more advanced in one language than the other.
This fact would presumably be reflected in lowlevel phonetic rules that assign numerical values to the different features.
The existence of a systematic phonetic difference does not, therefore, in itself constitute a necessary and sufficient condition for postulating an additional point of In both Temne and Isoko we find a contrast between distributed and nondistributed anterior consonants.
In Temne the nondistributed consonant is articulated at the teeth, whereas the distributed consonant is articulated somewhat farther back.
In Isoko the situation is the reverse: the distributed consonant is articulated in the front part of the dental / region and the nondistributed consonant is articulated farther back.
In both cases the facts can be readily accounted for by lowlevel phonetic rules, provided that the distinction between We noted above that the difference characterized by distributed versus nondistributed does not correspond precisely to the distinction between laminal and apical.
The relevant distinction is not between articulations made with parts of the tongue other than the apex and those made with the apex, but rather between sounds made with long constrictions and those made with short constrictions.
The dividing line between nondistributed and distributed articulations seems to us to be best exemplified by the articulatory distinction between the Polish hard and soft dentals.
Wierzchowska (1965) describes this difference in the The contact made by the tongue with the roof of the mouth in articulating contact made in the hard c 3 s z.
The closure in the forward portion of the region of contact includes in the case of 6:3 the teeth ridge and extends to the forward part of the hard palate.. .
The groove in szis longer than in the hard consonants c 3 s z extending not only across the teeth ridge but also across the forward part of the hard palate... [The groove} is formed by a part of the tongue that is farther back than that used in the case of the hard consonants...
The excellent illustrations (palatograms, linguograms, and Xray tracings) contained in the book appear to indicate that the critical difference in the length of the stricture is in the vicinity of 1.5 em.
It is this longer stricture that accounts for the striking hushing quality
Finally a word must be said about the distinction between labials and labiodentals.
As these fit rather naturally under the proposed distinction, we shall assume that labials are [+distributed], labiodentals are [distributed].
The fact that there are other feature distinctions between these two classes of sounds makes this distinction in the length of stricture somewhat peripheral, though no less real.
Since phonetic features induce categorizations of segments, one expects these categorizations to be reflected in the phonological rules.
This has clearly been the case with all features that have been discussed so far.
Since it is, however, less obvious with regard to the feature distributed, an example is called for here.
The feature distributed provides a natural characterization of the alternation between the dental and retroflex consonants that are found in Sanskrit.
If it is assumed, as is usual, that the Sanskrit dentals are [distributed], then the alternation can be characterized by the following rule :17 In many West African languages there is vowel harmony in terms of a feature that has brightness (Sapir, 1931).
The Xray tracings published by Ladefoged (1964, p. 38) clearly show that in one set of these vowels the pharynx is more constricted than in the other and that the constriction in the pharynx is accompanied by a noticeable elevation of the larynx.
We venture to suggest that this difference corresponds to the difference between the vocal tract positions in open and covered singing.
The particular dull quality associated with covered voice production appears not to be present in all cases.
Sapir (1931) observed it in Gweabo, and Berry (1957) mentions it for Twi, but other observers, including Ladefoged (1964), have In Russian the soft [s.] lacks this hushing quality.
It is also formed with a much shorter stricture. (See the Xray tracing in Fant (1960, p. 172), where the length of the stricture is 1 cm.) The Russian sound 17 We assume here that the [r] in Sanskrit, as in English, is [anterior] and that all vowels are universally
[anterior].
The feature [low] in the rule excludes the environment after the vowel [a]. failed to notice it.
In view of the uncertain status of our data, the proposed description of this feature must be taken as tentative (but see Stewart (1967) for recent strong supporting We shall assume that covered sounds are produced with a pharynx in which the walls are narrowed and tensed and the larynx raised; uncovered sounds are produced without a As far as we know, this feature is restricted to vowels and is found primarily in the West African languages exhibiting vowel harmony.
It is possible, however, that it has a wider utilization.
For example, the two rounded front vowels of Swedish represented as [y] and [u] may perhaps differ in that the latter is covered whereas the former is not.
The Xray tracings published by Fant (1959) lend some plausibility to this suggestion.
Glottal constrictions are formed by narrowing the glottal aperture beyond its neutral position.
Such constrictions may accompany many different types of supraglottal articulatory configurations.
Included among the sounds with glottal constriction are both the implosives and the ejectives, as well as certain types of clicks.
Since phonetically the most interesting factor is the manner in which the glottal closure is released and the motion of the glottis that may precede the release, we shall discuss these different types of glottalized sounds in Section 5.2, Glottal constrictions are commonly of an extreme degree, i.e., they involve total closure.
There are, however, instances where glottal constrictions of lesser degree occur.
Thus, for instance, in the dialect of Korean described by Kim (1965), the tense glottalized \ stops represented by Kim as p* t* k* have glottal constriction, but not glottal closure, for otherwise it would be impossible to account for the buildup of oral pressure during the stop phase that was observed by Kim.
That the vocal cords are, on the other hand, not wide open is shown by the timing of the voicing onset in the adjacent vowel.
This begins in these stops as soon as the primary stop closure is released, whereas in the stops without glottal constriction the onset of voicing is delayed. (For further discussion of this point, see Section 6.2.) It follows from the preceding that in sounds produced with glottal constriction voicing can Several African and Caucasian languages exhibit the socalled laryngealized or creaky voice (Knarrstimme), which seems to be an instance of glottal constriction.
This In this state of the glottis there is a great deal of tension in the intrinsic laryngeal musculature, and the vocal cords no longer vibrate as a whole.
The ligamental and arytenoid parts of the vocal cords vibrate separately.. .
Laryngealized voicing often occurs during an implosive consonant... [but] need not occur in occur without the downward movement of the larynx which must by definition be present in an implosive.
We can, therefore, separate out two kinds of glottalized consonants: what we are here calling voiced implosives (as in Igbo and Kalabari), in which th&e is always a downward movement of the glottisand there mayor may not be laryngealized voicing; and what we are here calling laryngealized consonants (as in Hausa), in which there is always a particular mode of vibration of the vocal cordsand there mayor may not be a In describing the actual production of one of these sounds, Ladefoged noted: The vocal cords were apparently tightly closed for at least 30 msec in between the two syllables... then, when they did start vibrating, there were four glottal pulses irregularly spaced in a little under 20 msec; these pulses were followed by a gap of almost 17 msec; the next pulse was the first of a series recurring at regular intervals of about 12 msec.
During some of the 17 msec before the regular vibrations began the vocal cords must have been held together; I have no criteria for deciding whether the vocal cords were together for long enough for this part of the sequence to be called a glottal stop.
It is often not possible to make an absolute distinction between laryngealization and glottal closure...
Nasal sounds are produced with a lowered velum which allows the air to escape through the nose; nonnasal sounds are produced with a raised velum so that the air from the The most common type of nasal sounds are the anterior nasal consonants [m] and [n], where nasalization is superimposed upon a plosive articulation, i.e., on that of [b] and [d], respectively.
These are found in the overwhelming majority of languages.
Less common are the nonanterior nasals [jl] and [1]].
Nasal consonants of other types are quite uncommon.
Ladefoged (1964, p. 24) reports that Tiv has nasal affricates which contrast with both nasal and nonnasal plosives.
We do not know of any certain examples of nasal continuants such as a nasal [z] or [v].
Nasal vowels are, of course, quite common.
In the best known cases, such as in the Romance and Slavic languages, however, the nasality of vowels is contextually determined and would not appear in the representation of items in the lexicon.
In Y oruba, Nupe, and other African languages, nasality can be superimposed on glide as well as liquid articulation; i.e., the language exhibits nasal cognates of the nonnasal [Y], [w], [r].These, however, are contextual variants ofthenonnasal phonemes. (See Ladefoged, 1964, p. 23).
The superimposition of nasality on the lateral [1] is phonetically attested in modem French in such words as branlant, shaking, where [1] appears between two nasal vowels.
Nasalized [r] is attested phonetically in Yoruba (Siertsema, 1958).
Nasal sounds are normally voiced because the open nasal passage does not permit sufficient pressure buildup inside the vocal tract to inhibit spontaneous vocal cord vibration.
There are rare instances of contrast between voiced and voiceless nasals. (See Westermann andl PRENASALIZED CONSONANTS.
In many rather widely scattered languages of Africa there are prenasalized consonants, which contrast with both voiced plosives and the familiar type of nasal consonant.
Ladefoged (1964) reports the existence of prenasalized consonants in Serer, Fula, Mende, Sherbro, Tiv, Kutep, and Margi among the West African languages.
They occur also in other parts of Africa; e.g., in Kikuyu? and in Xhosa (McLaren, 1955).
All but the first of the durations in the above quotation have been reduced by us by a factor of 10 to conform to the facts as shown in Ladefogeds oscillogram on which the passage is an extended comment 19 L.
E.
Armstrong (1940).
In Kikuyu prenasalized consonants do not occur initially in verbal stems (note 2, p. 40).
On the other hand, there are hardly any nasals of the familiar type in initial position in noun stems.
The noun stems beginning with a prenasalized labial, a large number of which are listed in the glossary of
Armstrong (1940), appear in almost every case to consist of a special nasal prefix plus stem.
Phonetically, prenasalized consonants differ from the more familiar type of nasal consonant in that the velum, which is lowered during the period of oral occlusion, is raised prior to the release of the oral occlusion, whereas in the more common type of nasal consonant the velumis raised simultaneously with or after the release of the oral occlusion.
It would appear, therefore, that phonetically we have to recognize a feature that governs the timing of different movements within the limits of a single segment.
As an alternative to this, it has been suggested to us by R.
Carter that the difference between prenasalized and ordinary nasal consonants might be regarded as an instance of instantaneous versus delayed release (see Section 5.2).
This suggestion appeals to us but we are at present unable to provide serious arguments in This feature is restricted to coronal consonantal sounds.
Lateral sounds are produced by lowering the mid section of the tongue at both sides or.at only one side, thereby allowing the air to flow out of the mouth in the vicinity of the molar teeth; in nonlateral sounds no such side passage is open.
Laterality is compatible both with vocalic (liquid) and nonvocalic sounds, the difference being that in the vocalic lateral (liquid) the passage is wider and less obstructed than in the nonvocalic lateral.
Among the lateral nonvocalic sounds we have continuants opposed to affricates, whereas there does not seem to be any such subdivision among the vocalic laterals.
A good example of the nonvocalic affricates is provided by Chippewyan (Li, 1946), where a lateral series exactly parallels the different manners of articulation found in nonlateral series.
Thus, nonlateral series such as (5) are paralleled by lateral Of the laterals only the vocalic [1] occurs with any frequency among the languages of the world.
Nonvocalic laterals, which often are strident, are found in various widely scattered areas of the globe: the Caucasus, Africa, and among the languages native to the American In the production of continuant sounds, the primary constriction in the vowel tract is not narrowed to the point where the air flow past the constriction is blocked; in stops the air Among the stops are the plosives (nasal as well as oral), the affricates, and the glottal J.
D.
McCawley (personal communication) h~s suggested that prenasalized consonants be regarded as obstruent nasals, as opposed to the familiar types of nasals which are sonorant.
21 t represents a glottalized t, and I a voiceless I. 22 For the Caucasian languages, see Trubetzkoy (1922); for African languages, Ladefoged (1964); and for stops, as well as various types of sounds with closure not only at the point of primary constriction but also at supplementary constrictions, including clicks, other doubly articulated The status of the liquids with regard to this feature requires some comment.
The fricative varieties of [r] do not represent any particular difficulty; they are clearly continuant.
The trilled [r]is more difficult, for here there is interruption of the air stream during at least part of the duration of the sound.
The vibrations of the tongue tip, however, are produced by the drop in pressure which occurs inside the passage between the tip of the tongue and palate when the air flows rapidly through it (Bernoulli effect).
The trill is thus a secondary effect of narrowing the cavity without actually blocking the flow of air.
Consequently there is good reason to view the trilled [r] as a continuant rather than as a stop.
The distinction between the tap [r] and the trilled [r] is produced by a difference in subglottal pressure: the trilled [r] is produced with heightened subglottal pressure; the tap [r], without it. (See also Section 6.1.) It may be noted parenthetically that the tap [r] may be produced by a different mechanism than the socalled tongue flap [D] which greatly resembles the tap [r].Whereas the latter is the result of the aerodynamic mechanism just described, it is quite possible that the tongue flap [D] is produced by essentially the same muscular activity that is found in the dental stop articulation, except that in the case of the tongue flap the movement is executed The characterization of the liquid [1] in terms of the continuantnoncontinuant scale is even more complicated.
If the defining characteristic of the stop is taken (as above) as total blockage of air flow, then [1] must be viewed as a continuant and must be distinguished from [r] by the feature of laterality.
If, on the other hand, the defining characteristic of stops is taken to be blockage of air flow past the primary stricture, then [1] must be included among the stops.
The phonological behavior of [1] in some languages supports somewhat the latter interpretation.
As noted above (Section 4.7.2), in Chippewyan the lateral series parallels the nonlateral series if [1] is regarded as a continuant.
Moreover, continuants (including [1]) are subject to voicing alternations which do not affect noncontinuants (Li, 1946).
On the other hand, there are other facts in different languages which suggest that [1] is best regarded as a noncontinuant (with the definition of the feature adjusted accordingly).
Thus, for instance, in certain dialects of English spoken in Scotland, diphthongs are lax before noncontinuants and tense before continuants (Lloyd, 1908).Thus there is [rxjd] but [rajz].
The liquids [1] and [r] pattern in parallel fashion, the former with the noncontinuants and the latter with These features affect only sounds produced with closure in the vocal tract.
There are basically two ways in which a closure in the vocal tract may be released, either instantaneously.as in the plosives or with a delay as in the affricates.
During the delayed release, turbul~n~e IS generated in the :oc~l tract S? that the release phase of affricates is acoustically quite SImilar to the cognate fricative.
The Instantaneous release is normally accompanied by much Though restricted to sounds produced with a closure, the release is of significance
These terms have been suggested to us by R.
Carter. not only for closures at the primary stricture but also for closures at the secondary stricture.
As already noted the release feature of the primary constriction distinguishes the affricates from the plosives: plosives such as English [p b t d k g] are produced with an abrupt release; affricates such as English [c j] are produced with a delayed release.
Quite similar to the gesture involved in the production of these fairly common affricates is the gesture that produces the lateral affricates found in the Athabaskan languages of North America (Li, 1946; Hoijer, 1945), and in some Caucasian languages (Trubetzkoy, 1922).
The closure in these sounds is commonly produced by contact between the blade of the tongue and the dental or palatal region of the mouth.
During the delayed release of this closure, the sides of the tongue, but not its tip, are lowered, thereby allowing the air to flow sideways across the molar teeth.
As stated above, the lateral affricate differs from other laterals in that it requires complete closure (which is then followed by a lateral release); in the other laterals, the lateral aperture is open all through the articulation of the sound.
The chief examples of the role played by the release of secondary closures are provided by the clicks.
Clicks are formed with two or even three simultaneous closures.
In the terms of the framework developed here, clicks are noncontinuants with extreme velarization, i.e., ~~~].
They may or may not be glottalized.
In this section our attention will be focused on the release mechanisms, and we shall therefore touch only in passing upon such major aspects of the clicks as the suction produced by the backward movement of the secondary closure or the order in which the different closures are released.
These matters are discussed more
Our discussion is based primarily on the detailed description of clicks given in D.
M.
Beach (1938).
Beach views the articulation of a click as composed of two separate parts, an  influx and an  efflux.
Under the term influx he subsumes the features that are relevant for the primary constriction; all other click features are subsumed under the heading efflux.
Beach finds that in Hottentot there are four types of influx: (1) the dental affricative 1, (2) the dentialveolar implosive t, (3) the lateral affricative b, (4) the alveolar implosive type C.
As the palatograms in Beach clearly show, the first two are dentals and the latter are postalveolar or palatoalveolar (p. 81).
In the terms developed here, all clicks are [+coronal]; the former two are [+anterior], the latter two [anterior].
Each of the pairs has one member which is plosive and one member which is affricative.
In our terms we characterize the former as being formed with an instantaneous release, and the latter as being formed with a delayed release.
In the nonanterior clicks the delayed release is lateral rather than frontal.i We summarize the preceding discussion in Table 6 (p. 320).
The principal difference between Iand ::f is not in the place but rather in the manner of influx.
Iis affricative, whereas ::f is plosive, in other wordsethe lowering of the tip and blade of the tongue is sudden for j, but more gradual forl.
Doke... uses the term instantaneous and drawn out for plosive and affricative, respectively (Beach, 1938, p, 77).
Although there is very little difference in tongueposition between
C and b there are two other very great differences.
In the first place, C is frontal, whereas b is lateral.
For C the tip of the tongue is lowered first, while for b the release is made at the side (or sides) of the tongue.
And in the second place C is implosive (inst~taneous), whereas b is affricative (ibid., p. 80).
Each of these fo~r classes of influx is paired with some efflux to produce a particular c~ck.
The number of different effluxes differs somewhat from dialect to dialect.
We shall dISCUSS here the Korana dialect which has the largest number of effluxessix Th acc?r g to Beach, (1) nasal symbolized by N, (2) weak unvoiced velar plosive symbohzed by k, (3) strong unvoiced velar affricative symbolized by kxlz, (4) glottal plosive The glottalized type of efflux is marked, therefore, not only by glottal closure but also by an upward movement of the larynx which is the main characteristic of glottalized or ejective Thus, of the three nonnasal types with plosive efflux, one is aspirated and the other two are nonaspirated.
Of the latter, one is made with glottal closure, but apparently without movement of the larynx, and the other is made without glottal closure.
We have been unable to determine the role, if any, that is played by tenseness in the production of clicks.
The feature characterization of the six types of efflux given above are summarized (5) glottal fricative symbolized by h, (6) velar glottalic affricative symbohz.ed by ~x.
Since each of the four influxes discussed in the preceding paragraph can be combmed WIth each of these six types of efflux, there are twentyfour different clicks in Ko~an~. (Namathe other Hottentot dialect discussed by Beach, lacks the velar glottalic affricative efflux and hence has only twenty distinct clicks.) We must now characterize the
Of the six effluxes, the one termed nasal by Beach presents no serious difficulty.
In clicks containing this type of efflux the [nasalNCjMH] efflux co unng t e ingual occlusion before either the prevelar or velar release has been made.
The prevelar influx then occurs, followed by a silent release of the velar closure.
The nasal efflux continues throughout both of these releases, and to a
This evidently is a ~li.ck with ~asalization, whereas the other five types of click are nonnasal.
Of the remammg five chcks, two are of the velar affricative  type, whereas the others and ~lso the.nasal typehave a plosive or  silent velar release.
The velar affricative :,elease IS descn~ed by Be~ch as being somewhat more gradual than the velar plosive release so.that ~n affricate...
IS heard instead of a pure plosive (p. 85).
It is clear that we (are dea:m g.
WIth sounds differing in the manner of release of the secondary closure.
The two affricative types have a delayed release of the secondary closure; all other types have instantaneo.us release.
The two :ypes with affricative secondary releases are further subdivided into an aspirate~ and ~ glottalized type.
The aspirated type of efflux shall be classified as being produced WIth heIght~ned subglottal pressure (aspiration), but without glottal constriction, w?ereas th~ glottahzed type of efflux is produced with glottal constriction and presumably WIthout heightened subglottal pressure.
This type of efflux is described by Beach as being made b~ makin? two airtight chambers, an outer or mouthchamber formed?y placing the r~m of the tongue... in the position for making the required mflux, and an mner pharynxchamber having as its boundaries the velar closure a?d the closed glottis.
Suction is created in the outer or mouthchambe by lowering the front of the tongue (still keeping the rim in contact with the ro~~ of the mouth), and pressure is created in the inner or pharynxchamber by The click system of Xhosa, perhaps the best known of the click languages, is somewhat different from that of Hottentot.
Of the four different types of influx found in Hottentot, Xhosa has only three, lacking the dental plosive types.
Each of the three influxes may be produced with or without nasalization.
Both nasal and nonnasal clicks may be aspirated or unaspirated.
The unaspirated nonnasal clicks are, in turn, subdivided into voiced and voiceless.
It appears, thus, that the release of the secondary closure plays no role in Xhosa; all secondary closures have an instantaneous release.
The parallelism between voicing in Xhosa and glottal closure in Hottentot is found in many nonclick languages. 1.
We have seen that each closure in the vocal tract may be released instantaneously or with a delay.
There are, however, important restrictions on the release features.
Only sounds produced with closure can have different types of release.
Ladefoged (1964) describes a labiodental flap (in Margi) which consists in effect of a labiodental fricative terminating in an instantaneous release.
This sound, however, occurs only in ideophones, e.g., in utterances such as b;}vba, describing sudden appearance and flight, luivbdlVU, describing escape of an animal, kdvbdhU, describing intruding into a place (Hoffmann,
1963, pp. 25 f.), which occupy a clearly marginal position in the phonological system.
It appears that there are no clicks formed with laryngeal voice.
In view of this we propose the following general restriction: in a sound formed with all three of the possible types of closure, only the primary and secondary can have both types of release while the COMMENT 2.
In Jakobson, Fant, and Halle (1963), the difference between plosives and affricates was characterized by means of the feature stridency.
Plosives were characterized as nonstrident stops, affricates as strident stops.
Thus no allowance was made for the existence of nonstrident affricates.
Such sounds do, however, exist; for example, in the American Indian language Chippewyan, there are contrasting dental strident and nonstrident affricates (Li, 1946).
The device for characterizing these differences is already available.
Since the manner of release is clearly relevant for the secondary and tertiary closure, there is little reason not to extend it to include the primary closures, as was done above.
In this way we can fill the gap just noted: plosives are stops with instantaneous (primary) releases, affricates are stops with delayed releases.
The feature stridency can then be used to distinguish strident from Yoruba, Ibibio, and many other languages, is more complicated.
After the two closures have been made, there is a downward movement of the jaw, and a backward movement of the point of contact of the back of the tongue and the
, soft palate; these movements cause a lowering of the pressure in the.mou~h.
Thus from the point of view ofthe release of the closure at the lips, there IS an ingressive velaric airstream.
But there is still a high pressu.re be~d t~e velar closure owing to the outgoing air from the lungs...
ThIS combination of a velaric and pulmonic airstream mechanism has been described very accurately by Siertsema... who concluded that Yoruba ki is implosive at the lips,  explosive at the back. [These sounds, then, are produced with suction at the velar closure, but, like the first type of labiovelar, without glottal closureNCjMH.]...
In the third type of fi, which is found in Idoma and sometimes in Bini all three airstream mechanisms are involved.
After the two closures have been made there is a backward movement of the tongue... and during the latter part of the sound there is also a downward. movement of the vibrating glottis...25 [This type of labiovelar is produced with closures at the velum and the glottis, and with suction movements at both closuresNCfMH.] In sounds formed with two simultaneous closures, such as the clicks, the labiovelars, or the glottalized sounds, there may be movements of the velar or glottal closures during the period of closure.
If these movements are in a direction toward the lungs, the volume of the space between the two closures is increased and the pressure inside that space decreases.
As a result, when the primary closure is released there will be a suction effect produced and air will flow into the mouth.
If, on the other hand, the movement of the constriction is in a direction away from the lungs, the volume between the two closures will be reduced and the These two opposite motions underlie the phonetic properties suction and pressure,  respectively.
In the case of both suction and pressure we find that they can be produced by motions either of the velar or of the glottal closure.
In fact, there are sounds (e.g., the imploded labiovelars observed by Ladefoged (1964, p. 9) in Idoma and Bini) where both closures move during the articulation of a single sound.
It must be noted that the velar closure that produces suction need not necessarily be a secondary closure but may also be a primary closure.
In the Hottentot or Xhosa clicks, the velar closure is secondary, since, as we have seen, it combines with different primary articulations.
In the labiovelar suction stops of such languages as Kpelle, on the other hand, the closure at the velum is primary and the closure at the lips secondary (rounding).
The velar nature of the. s~und in questi.on is cle~rly indi~ated. by the fact that a preceding nasal, which alway~ assimilates to the pnmary point of articulation of the following stop, is velar before labiovelars CLICKS AND IMPLOSIVES.
Since suction is produced by a downward movement of velar or glottal closures, it is necessary from a phonetic point of view to postulate two distinct suction features, one (the click  feature) is associated with velar closure and the other (the implosion feature) with glottal closure.
As noted above, the clicks have primary constrictions in the dental and alveolar region, but there are also clicklike sounds which have a labial closure.
Moreover, there appear to be labiovelar suction sounds with glottal implosion.
In These sounds are formed in at least three different ways...
The first type occurs in many Guang languages (Late, Anum).
It consists of simply the simultaneous articulation of k and p or g and b, superimposed on a pulmonic airstream. [In the terms of the preceding discussion, these are sounds without suction and glottal closureNCjMH.] The second type, which is found in An interesting side effect of the lowering of the glottis in the implosives is that it is usually accompanied by vocal cord vibration.
This vibration is the direct consequence of the drop in supraglottal pressure and the rise in subglottal pressure which result from the increase in the supraglottal volume and the decrease in the sub glottal volume that are produced by Like suction motions, pressure motions can be executed by the velar or by the glottal closure.
We must therefore postulate two pressure features, a velar pressure feature and a glottal pressure feature.
We shall refer to the latter by its traditional name ejection, VELAR PRESSURE.
The existence of velaric pressure stops, which is occasionally mentioned in the literature (see Heffner, 1950), could not be substantiated.
EJECTION.
Ejection is produced by an upward movement of the glottal closure.
Ejective consonants have been described in languages all over the globein India, in the Caucasus, and in American Indian Ianguages.
It has also been observed that ejectives and implosives differ in the effect on the transition of the second formant in the adjacent vowel.
Ejectives have a transition with a somewhat higher termination frequency than the corresponding nonejectives, and resemble palatalized consonants in this respect; in the implosives
(as in rounded or velarized consonants), the termination frequency is somewhat lower.
This is a direct consequence of the fact that in the ejectives the glottis is raised above its normal position and is therefore being lowered during part of the vowel articulation, whereas in the implosives, at the beginning of the vowel articulation the glottis is lower than its normal position and moves upward.
As a result, after the ejectives there is a lengthening and after Ladefoged (1964, p.9).
See also Beachs desetiption of clicks with a velar glott~lic affricative.efflux on page 320.
Note the close similarity between this type of click and Ladefogeds third type of l~blO~ela~. 26 On ejectives in the languages of India, see citations in Trubetzkoy (1958, pp. 146150), where ejection IS. designated by the term Rekursion, On ejectives in the Cau~sian languages, see ~rubetzkoy (1931) and, more recently, Kuipers (1960).
On ejectives in American Indian languages, s:e Sapir (I 949b).
In the West
African languages surveyed by Ladefoged (1964), ejectives were found only In Hausa (p. 5). ein anderer, aber ohne alle Riicksicht auf die Verschiedenheit der Articulationsweise, welche die Differenzen der Mundweite im einzeInen Fall hervorruft, , speciell also ohne alle Riicksicht darauf ob die specifische Mundweite auf grossere oder geringere Erhebung oder auf grosserer oder geringerer Spannung implosives a shortening of the vocal tract, which is directly translated into a falling or rising, respectively, transition in the second formant of the adjacent vowel..
The order of release of the different closures is governed by a simple rule.
In sounds without supplementary motions, the releases are simultaneous.
In sounds produced with supplementary motions, closures are released in the order of increasing distance from the lips.
The reason for this ordering is that only in this manner will clear auditory effects be produced, for acoustic effects produced inside the vocal tract will be effectively suppressed The greater articulatory effort in the tense vowels is further manifested by their greater distinctiveness and the markedly longer duration during which the articulatory configuration remains stationary.
This fact has been documented by the detailed studies of Xray motion pictures of speech conducted by Perkell (1965), who comments that: the pharynx width remains relatively stable throughout the tense vowels whereas there is a change in this width during the lax vowels....
It is as though the tongue shape in the lower pharynx is relatively unconstrained during a lax vowel, and is free to be influenced by the adjacent phonetic segment.
For a tense vowel, on the other hand, the tongue position and shape in this region are rather The feature tenseness specifies the manner in which the entire articulatory gesture of a ~ven sound is executed by the supraglottal musculature.
Tense sounds are produced with a deliberate, accurate, maximally distinct gesture that involves considerable muscular effort; nontense sounds are produced rapidly and somewhat indistinctly.
In tense sounds, both vowels and consonants, the period during which the articulatory organs maintain the appropriate configuration is relatively long, while in nontense sounds the entire gesture is Dealing first with vowels, we find examples of tense versus nontense sounds in modem German, for instance, where this feature plays a differentiating role in pairs such as ihre, versus diinne, thin; wen, whom, versus wenn, if; wohne, reside, versus Wonne, One of the differences between tense and lax vowels is that the former are executed with a greater deviation from the neutral or rest position of the vocal tract than are the latter.
It has been observed, for instance, that the tongue constriction in tense [i] is narrower than that in lax [i].
This difference in tongue height is superficially rather similar to that observed ( between high [i] and nonhigh [e].
The mechanism involved, however, is quite different in the two cases, a fact which was already well known to Sievers (1901), who explicitly warned Man hiite sich auch davor, die Begriffe  gespannt (oder  eng) und ungespannt (oder  weit ) mit denen zu verwechseln, welche die althergebrachten woIlen nur aussagen dass ein Vocal geringere oder grossere Mundweite habe als
Sonagrams ofimplosives which show these transitions clearly can be found in Ladefoged (1964, Plate 4B). also the co~me~t?f Trubetzkoy (1931): Was die Verktirzung des Resonanzraumes des Mundes betn~t: so ~eschleht sle.
In de~. ost.kaukasisch~n.
Sprachen mit aktivheller Eigentonauffassung (positive tr~f1~Jfl~f1) mcht durch die gewohnhche Palatalisierung. d.h., Vorschiebung der Zungenmasse nach vorne, wie In vielen Sprachen?er Welt, sondern durch die Verschiebung des Kehlkopfes nach oben (pp. 1011); as well ~s the?bservatlO.n of Ladefoged (1964) that in Igbo, at least, implosives are velarized as well as usually involving lowering of the glottis (p. 6), i.e., they exhibit secondary movements that bring
28 T~~s d.ifferenc~ was ,:ell brought out in one of the earliest phonological studies, Winteler (1876): ... dl.ejemgen ArtlkulatlOn~n, welche Lenes [IaxNC/MH] erzeugen, [werden] in demselben Augenblicke WIeder aufgegeben...
In wel.chem sie ihre Kulmination erreicht haben....
Bei der Bildung der Fortes
[tenseNC/MH] verharren die Sprachwerkzeuge fiihlbar in ihrer Kulminationsstellung... (p. 27).
Turning now to consonants, we note that the differences between tense and lax consonants also involve a greater versus a lesser articulatory effort and duration.
The greater effort is produced by greater muscular tension in the muscles controlling the shape of the vocal tract.
Evidence supporting this comes primarily from Xray studies and from observations on the onset of voicing in vowels following a stop consonant.
It is obvious that voicing can occur only if two conditions are met: the vocal cords must be in a position that will admit voicing, and there must be a flow of air through the glottis.
When a stop is produced and the oral cavity is blocked while the vocal cords are in the appropriate configuration for voicing, pressure will build up in the cavity and will very rapidlywithin about 20 msecs, under normal conditionsincrease to the point where it is approximately equal to the subglottal pressure.
This will halt the flow of air through the glottis, thereby making further vocal vibrations impossible.
Under these conditions there is only one way in which the pressure buildup inside the vocal tract can be slowed down and voicing allowed to take place during the closure phase of a stop, that is, by allowing the vocal tract to expand.
If the walls of the tract are rigid as a result of muscular tension, this expansion of the cavity volume cannot take place, and, therefore, tense stops will not show any voicing during the closure phase..If, on the other hand, the walls of the cavity are lax, the vocal tract can expand and voicing can occur even during the closure phase.
In fact, Xray motion picture studies conducted by Perkell (1965) show precisely this behavior.
In analyzing the behavior of the pharynx in the nonsense words [hats] and [hads] as spoken by American subjects, Perkell found that during the period of closure there was a significant increase in the pharynx width when the nontense [d] was articulated but not when the tense [t] was articulated.
This increase in pharynx volume in the nontense obstruent was also accompanied by the presence of voicing during the period of oral closure, which, however, died off toward the end of the stop gap.
Perkell commented: The tense vocaltract configuration for /t/ would imply a rigid vocalwall, which would not expand to permit the increase in volume needed for a voiced stop.
Presumably a similar tense configuration exists for the voiceless unaspirated stop consonants occurring in certain languages...
For such stop configurations an instruction to the larynx musculature to assume a configuration appropriate for voicing would not result in vocalcord vibration until the release of the stop, whereas a lax vocaltract configuration would permit a limited amount of air to In discussions concerning tenseness it is usually observed that tense sounds are produced with greater subglottal pressure and that this fact accounts for the wellknown presence of aspiration in the tense voiceless stops of many languages.
Since, however, the tenseness of the supraglottal muscles is evidently controlled by a different mechanism than is tense.ness in the subglottal cavities, these two properties cannot be combined into a single phonetic feature.
Instead we must set up in addition to tenseness a feature of  heightened It must further be noted that heightened subglottal pressure may be used in the pr~d~ction.of a ~pe~ch soun~ withou~ involving tenseness (in the supraglottal musculature).
ThIS.IS the situationin the aspirated voiced stops of languages such as Hindi, where, according to Lisker and Abramson (1964), voicing commonly occurs during the period of oral closure.
As explained in the preceding section, this is possible only when the vocal tract is allowed to ~xpand duringthe stop closure; but this expansion cannot occur if the supraglottal musculature IS tense.
We shall say, therefore, that the voiced aspirated stops of Hindi are produced without Heightened subglottal pressure is a necessary but not a sufficient condition for aspira.tion.
Aspiration requires, in addition, that there be no constriction at the glottis.
If there IS a glottal constriction, aspiration will not Occur.
Stops of this typeproduced with in Korean, for example, where they constitute the third class of stops, in addition to the heavily aspirated tense stops produced without glottal constriction and the slightly aspirated stops produced with no heightened subglottal pressure and no glottal constriction. (For I~ order for the vocal cords to vibrate, it is necessary that air flow through them.
If the air flow IS of sufficient magnitude, voicing will set in, provided only that the vocal cords not The!act that ~h~ ~upraglo.t~al vocal tract musculature is under greater tension in sounds such as the E~ghsh [p t k] In initial position would provide a straightforward explanation for the observation made by LI~ker (I~,63, p. 382) ~h~t. the rate of ~ressure buildup is significantly slower for voiced stops than for voiceless.
The lesser rigidity of the walls In the voiced stops (which are nontense) would allow the cavity to expand a!ter th.e ~uccal closu.reis ~ade.
This increase in volume would result in a slowing down of the pressure buildup inside the cavity.
Since the volume would remain more or less fixed in the voiceless stops, which are tense, the pressure buildup after buccal closure would be more rapid in these consonants 30!he question of how this obvious relationship should be expressed in the phonetic framework is of great Im~ortance.
It has b.eensuggested that there be set up a hyperfeature of strength of articulation under which tensen~ss, helghten~d subgl.ottal pressure, and, perhaps, certain phonetic features would be subsumed as sP~clal cases.
While certain facts such as the treatment of Spanish consonants in different contexts (see J.
HaITI~, 1967) make. this suggestion. quite attractive, we have not adopted it here as it conflicts with our conception of phonetic features as directly related to particular articulatory mechanisms.
Instead we have chosen to. reflect the interrelatedness among these different features with the help of marking rules be held as widely apart as they are in breathing or in whispering.
As has been demonstrated in the various highspeed motion pictures of the vocal cords, glottal closure or a constriction of the glottis is not required for voicing; it is necessary only that the glottis not be wide open.
On the other hand, vocal cord vibration will also result when the glottis is constricted, as long as there is an air flow of sufficient magnitude or the vocal cords are not held so tight as to prevent vibrating, as they are in the case of sounds produced with glottal constrictions.
In Section 2.1 it was suggested that when the vocal tract is in its neutral speech position, the vocal cords are placed in a configuration that will cause them to vibrate if air flows through them.
The vocal cords may also be spread farther apart than in the neutral position, in which case voicing will not occur.
We shall restrict the term nonvoiced or voiceless to sounds produced with a glottal opening that is so wide that it prevents vocal vibration if air flows through the opening.
This widening of the glottis is a sufficient condition to suppress vocal cord vibration, but, as suggested in the discussion above, it is not a necessary condition.
It should be noted that the narrowing of the glottis in voiced sounds can be quite moderate and Our understanding of the mechanism of voicing has recently been advanced by the investigations of Lisker and Abramson (1964) of the onset time of vocal cord vibrations in the following vowel relative to the moment of release of the stop closure.
We do not share Lisker and Abramsons view that it is the timing of the onset of vocal cord vibrations that is being controlled in implementing the various feature complexes that in the phonetic literature have often been subsumed under the term voicing.
The data on the onset of vocal vibration that have been gathered by Lisker and Abramson can be readily accounted for in terms of the present framework.
It is to such an account that the remainder of this section is devoted.
From their measurements Lisker and Abramson conclude that the onset times of In an investigation of onset times of voice after Korean stops, Kim (1965) has found, moreover, that at least for Korean there are two distinct types of lag, a short lag and a considerable lag.
In particular, he found that for the glottalized stop, voice onset occurred 12 msecs after the stop release (substantial coincidence); for the weakly aspirated stops, it was
35 msec (moderate lag); and for the heavily aspirated stops, it was 93 msec (considerable lag). (The cited values are mean values for about 800 sample words.) Reexamination of the Lisker and Abramson data shows such a moderate lag to be present at least after the velar stops of Korean, and also, somewhat less convincingly, after the labials and dentals; in addition, the unaspirated velar stops of Cantonese and English also show a short lag.
We now have, To account for these facts we have ~ our disposalfourphonetic features: voicing, tenseness, glottal constriction, and subglottal pressure.
The simplest case to deal with is case (1)the stops with voicing lead.
All these must be produced with vocal cords in voicing position and without tenseness.
The aspirated stops will, moreover, have high subglottal pressure and no glottal constriction.
The unaspirated voiced stops will be produced with normal subglottal pressure; the data do not allow us to draw conclusions about glottal constriction, but we suspect that none is present.
Next in complexity is case (4)the sounds with greatly delayed voicing onset.
These are all produced with vocal cords not in voicing position and hence without glottal constriction but with tenseness and marked subglottal pressure.
The sounds of case (3)those with slight or no aspiration and moderate delay of voicing onsetare produced with vocal cords not in voicing position, normal or low muscular tension in the vocal tract, and low or moderate subglottal pressure.
It is significant that, as noted by Lisker and Abramson, it is precisely this category of stops in Korean that is voiced through in intervocalic position, rather than the stops with simultaneous voicing onset, which at first sight might seem more reasonable candidates.
Observe, however, that it is the former rather than the latter type of stop that is produced without strong muscular tension in the vocal tract.
In orderfor a stop to be voiced through, it is necessary that the cavity be allowed to expand during the period of stop closure.
Consequently one should expect the Korean lax stops to be voiced through rather than the tense stop with glottal constriction.
Finally, there is case (2), the category where the onset of voicing substantially coincides with the stop release.
These sounds are produced with a glottis that either is in the voicing position or has When the name of a language appears in a particular column, this indicates that in the cited studies the language was found to have had stops of this type in contrast with stops of some other type.
Thus, Dutch was found by Lisker and Abramson to have stops with voice onsets that precede the release as well as b Almost all instances of stops with voicing onset preceding stop release carne from a single speaker, who, however, lacked stops where the voicing onset coincided with the release.
All other speakers used the second type of stop almost exclusively. (See Lisker and Abramson, 1964, pp. 39597.) C Hindi and Marathi have two distinct types of stops in which voicing onset leads the stop release; these two types are distinguished by the presence or absence of aspiration. a constriction.
They mayor may not be produced with heightened subglottal pressure.
If they are produced with heightened pressure, they will be tense and mayor may not have a Strident sounds are marked acoustically by greater noisiness than their nonstride~t counterparts.
When the air stream passes over a surface, a certain amount of turbulence will be generated depending upon the nature of the surface, the rate of flow, and the ang!e of incidence.
A rougher surface, a faster rate of flow, and an angle of inciden~e closer to ninety degrees will all contribute to greater stridency.
Stridency is a.feature restncted to obstruent Examples of nonstrident versus strident sounds are bilabial versus labIOdental contmu~ two ants in Ewe: e¢ci, he polished, efa, he was cold , ; EPs.  t he E e 1an~age, ,~vv (Ladefoged, 1964, p. 53); interdental versus alve~lar cont~uants m En~sh: ,,[~In], th~, [sin], sin; postalveolar versus palatal con~Inuant~ m ~erman: [li9t], ,~ght, ,,[list]:  extinguishes; interdental versus dental affncates In Chippewyan: tBE, stone, tsa, Strident liquids, which are nonvocalic (see Section 3.1) are foun~, for example, in Czech tada, row, versus rada, council, in which strident and nonstndent [r] contrast; in Bura and Margi we find contrasts of strident and nonstrident [1] (Ladefoged, 1964).
Our investigations of these features have not progressed to a point where a ~s~ussion in print would be useful.
Some recent work by W.
SY.
Wang seems to us promising.
For a 1.
On the evaluation procedure and the form ofphonological rules
In this chapter we.survey the formal devices that we propose for phonological description.
Thes~ formal devices are a part of the theory of language underlying the description of English that we have presented.
There are several conditions of adequacy that they must meet, ~nd th~re are functions of various sorts that they must fulfill.
They must, for example, make It possible to present the data precisely and clearly.
They must, moreover, permit us to formul~te general statements about the language which are true and significant, and must provide a basis for distinguishing these from other generalizations which are false or which are true but not significant.
Thus, if our analysis is correct, the rules in Chapter Five represe~t t.rue ~nd si~cant generalizations; they characterize the native speaker; competence, hIS Idealized ability to produce and understand an unlimited number of sentences.
The theory of English of which this study presents a part is based on a certain set of data ~ut it goes.beyond these data, as any grammar must, both in depth and in scopein depth Insofar as It expresses the facts that underlie the data, and in scope insofar as it deals with other potential data, with linguistic forms that we did not specifically consider including In terms of the formal devices that we permit, there are many rules that can be formulated that are incorrect for English.
Obviously, a proper choice of formal devices does not guarantee.selection of the ~orrect grammar.
It is to be expected that there will be many grammars which are statable In terms of the given formal devices and which are all compatible ith v:hateve: data are available from a certain language; thus selection among the alternatives WIll require a procedure of evaluation of some sort.
Certainly this is true of any proposal that can now be envisioned with regard to the formalism for the statement of grammars.
Furthermore, with other formal devices than those we allow it is possible to express generalizations that are consistent with the data but that are not we would maintain, linguistically significant.
When we select a set of formal devices for the construction of grammars, we are, in fact, taking an important step toward a definition of the notion  linguistically significant generalization.
Since this notion has real empirical content our pa~ticuI~r ~h~racterization of it mayor may not be accurate as a proposed explic:tion.
This POInt IS Important but often overlooked, and it may be useful to touch on the matter ~o. clarify the empirical status of the formal devices selected for the theory of Ianga~ge~ It IS helpful to set the problem within the framework of psychological theory.
The chI1~ IS presented with certain primary linguistic data, data which are, in fact, highly restncted and degraded in quality.
On the basis of these data, he constructs a grammar that defines his language and determines the phonetic and semantic interpretation of an infinite number of sentences.
This grammar constitutes his knowledge of his language.
It will, in particular, specify that the primary linguistic data are, in large measure, illformed, These rather obvious facts pose the problem to which the linguist addresses himself, that is, to account for the childs construction of a grammar and to determine what preconditions on the form of language make it possible.
Our approach to this problem is twopronged.
First we develop a system of formal devices for expressing rules and a set of general conditions on how these rules are organized and how they apply.
We postulate that only grammars meeting these conditions are entertained as hypotheses by the child who must acquire knowledge of a language.
Secondly, we determine a procedure of evaluation that selects the highest valued of a set of hypotheses of the appropriate form, each of which meets a condition of compatibility with the primary linguistic data.
We will not concern ourselves here with the nontrivial problem of what it means to say that a hypothesisa proposed grammaris compatible with the data, but will restrict ourselves to the other two problems, namely, the specification of formal devices and of an evaluation procedure.
In other words, we make the simplifying and countertofact assumption that all of the primary linguistic data must be accounted for by the grammar and that all must be accepted as correct; we do not here consider the question of deviation from grammaticalness, in its many diverse aspects.
Given this simplifying assumption, we face the empirical problem of selecting a set of formal devices and an evaluation procedure which jointly meet the empirical condition that the highest valued grammar of the appropriate form is, in fact, the one selected by the child on the basis of primary linguistic data.
Even with this idealization, a proposed theory that specifies formal devices and an evaluation procedure can be proven false (all too easily, in actual fact) by confronting it with empirical evidence relating to the grammar that actually underlies the speakers performance.
There is such a grammar, and it is an empirical problem to discover it and to determine the basis for its acquisition.
However difficult it may be to find relevant evidence for or against a proposed theory, there can be no doubt whatsoever about the empirical nature of the problem.
We stress this fact because the problem has so often been misconstrued as one of A further word of caution is perhaps necessary in connection with this formulation of the general problems that guide our study of language.
Apart from the idealization mentioned in the preceding paragraph, there is another, much more crucial, idealization implicit in this account.
We have been describing acquisition of language as if it were an instantaneous process.
Obviously, this is not true.
A more realistic model of language acquisition would consider the order in which primary linguistic data are used by the child and the effects of preliminary hypotheses developed in the earlier stages of learning on the interpretation of new, often more complex, data.
To us it appears that this more realistic study is much too complex to be undertaken in any meaningful way today and that it will be far more fruitful to investigate in detail, as a first approximation, the idealized model
. outlined earlier, leaving refinements to a time when this idealization is better understood.
The correctness of this guess, of course, will have to be judged by the longrange effectiveness of a research program of this sort, as compared with alternatives that might be imagined.
In the meantime, this idealization must be kept in rnind when we think about the problem To take a concrete example, consider the matter of the synchronic residue of the En~lish Vowe~ Shift, ~iscussed.in detail in Chapter Six.
We have argued that the underlying lexical forms ill English contain vowels in preVowelShift representation, and that these ~orms ~re what would have psychological reality given the other assumptions in our modelill particular, the assumption of instantaneous language acquisition.
To the extent that these assumptions are false to fact, the conclusions that follow from them may also be false to!act.
In particular, it!s no do~bt the case that the linguistic forms that justify our postulation of the Vowel Shift Rule ill contemporary English are, in general, available to the child only at a fairly late stage in his language acquisition, since in large measure these belong to a more learned stratum of vocabulary.
Since the order of presentation of linguistic data is, for the m~ment, an extrinsic factor that has no place in our theory, we ca~not tak~ accoun: of this fact, and we can therefore state our conclusion about psycho~ogIcal reality only ill hypothetical form: if it were the case that language acquisition were Instantaneous, then the underlying lexical forms with preVowelShift representations would be psychologically real.
This, we propose, is a true statement about languageultimately, about ~ental p~ocesses ~nd the particular way in which they function.
But an empirical conclusion of this sort WIll, naturally, be more difficult to verify, will require more indirect and subtle means of verification, than a simple categorical assertion.
To us it seems tha{ for the foreseeable future, the study of language and mental processes will have to be carried out at such a level of abstraction if it is to make significant progress.
With these background comments in mind, let us turn to the formal devices that we have been using in our exposition of English sound structure.
The rules that we assign to the phonological component have generally been presented where A and B represent single units of the phonological system (or the null element); the arrow stands for is actualized as; the diagonal line means in the context; and X and Y r~present, respectively, the leftand righthand environments in which A appears.
These environments may be null, or may consist of units or strings of units of various sorts and may also include labeled brackets representing the syntactic category of the string to which Consi~e: the hypothetical languages A and B which have identical phonological systems consisting of the vowels ji u re aj and the other phonological units shown in Table 1.
Assume that language A has the rules of (2), whereas language B has the rules of (3).
The difference between (2) and (3) lies in the fact that the statements in (2) are partially identical, whereas those in (3) are totally different from one another.
This difference, which is clearly of linguistic interest, would be expressed if we introduced into our formalism a device akin to conjunction in ordinary English, which would permit us to coalesce two partially identical rules into a single rule without repeating the parts that are identical.
We
Two partially identical rules may be coalesced into a single rule by enclosing corresponding nonidentical parts in braces: { }.
However, it does not permit (3) to be similarly abbreviated.
Let us call (5) a schema which expands to the sequence of rules (2).
The convention (4) is one of a set of notational conventions that allow certain sequences of rules (or schemata) to be abbreviated by schemata..In informal discussion, when no confusion can arise, we will not consistently maintain the distinction between the terms rule and schema, extending rule to Implicit in the brace notation is the assumption that languages tend to place partially identical rules such as those in (2) next to one another in the ordered sequence of rules that constitutes the phonological component of a grammar: it is only when partially identical rules are adjacent to one another that the brace notation can be exploited.
It has been noted by Kiparsky (forthcoming) that phonological change provides evidence in support of this assumption.
One of the examples discussed by Kiparsky is the evolution of the rules laxing vowels before consonant clusters (see (20IIl), Chapter Five) and in the prepenultimate syllables of a word (see (20IV), Chapter Five).
The historical antecedents of these two rules differed from their modern counterparts in that preconsonantal laxing took place before three (instead of two) or more consonants, whereas trisyllabic laxing required that the vowel be followed by two (instead of one) consonant.
The historical change, then, was that both of these rules decreased by one the number of consonants that must follow the vowel to be laxed.
This parallelism may be regarded as a mere coincidence, as has been the approach in every treatment of English historical phonology known to us.
Alternatively, and more satisfactorily, in view of the fact that there is no evidence to show that the changes in the two rules were due to separate processes, the parallelism may be regarded as being the result of a single change: the generalization of the scMiila (6) to the schema (7) by deletion of one of the consonants that must follow the vowel to be laxed.
The characterization of the change as a single process, however, presupposes the existence of rule schemata as entities to which phonological changes may apply.
Since schemata exist in a grammar only by virtue of conventions such as those discussed in this section the examples just cited might be regarded as evidence in support of the reality of rule schemata We can make use of notational conventions such as (4) to provide an evaluation procedure for grammars if we supplement the conventions with the following definition: The value of a sequence of rules is the reciprocal of the number of symbols in the where the minimal schema is the one with the smallest number of symbols.
More generally, let us say that if the schema Ll expands to the sequence of rules R 1 ,... , R; and the schema L 2 expands to the sequence of rules Sl Sn, then the sequence of schemata Ll L2 expands to the sequence of rules R 1 ,... , R m , S1>.. , Sn; and let us accept the analogous convention for a sequence of schemata Ll,.. , L p of arbitrary length.
Let us now say that the minimal representation of a sequence of rules is the sequence of schemata with the smallest number of symbols that expands to this sequence of rules.i We can then restate The value of a sequence of rules is the reciprocal of the number of symbols in its Let us return now to the rules of (2) and (3).
Given the conventions (4) and (9), the sequence of rules (2) is more highly valued than the sequence of rules (3): the minimal representation of (2) is (5) and the minimal representation of (3) is (3) itself, and (5) has fewer symbols than (3).
Within the general framework of our theory, as described above, the conventions (4) and (9) imply that a linguistically significant generalization underlies (2) but not (3).
Although in this case the fact may seem too trivial to require extensive comment, as we proceed further along the same lines we soon reach conclusions that are quite nontrivial, such as some of those discussed in the preceding chapters.
It should be observed in this connection that although definition (9) has commonly been referred to as the simplicity or economy criterion, it has never been proposed or intended that the condition defines simplicity or economy in the very general (and We take the value to be ~, where 11 is the number of symbols, so that the phrase higher valued will have We give a more precise statement of these definitions in the Appendix to this chapter.
Notice that the still very poorly understood) sense in which these terms usually appear in writings on the philosophy of science.
The only claim that is being made here is the purely empirical.one that under certain welldefined notational transformations, the number of symbols In a rule is inversely related to the degree of linguistically significant generalization achieved in the rule.
In other words, definition (9), together with a specific choice of an alphabet from which the symbols are selected (see Section 2) and a specific set of notations for formulating rules and schemata, provides a precise explication for the notion linguistically significant generalization (Halle, 1962; Chomsky, 1964; Chomsky and Halle, 1965).
Like all empirical claims, this can be tested for correctness and accuracy and can readily be controverted by evidence showing that it fails to hold true in certain clear cases.
We have as yet said nothing about the symbols that are used to represent the entities in our rules.
In the present study speech sounds, or, more technically, segments, as well as all boundaries, are formally treated as complexes of features rather than as further unanalyzable entities.
We assume, in other words, that the units or strings of units represented by the letters A, B, X, Yin (1) consist of feature columns or sequences of feature columns such as those shown in Table 1.
The symbols referred to in the evaluation criterion (9) will, then, naturally be taken as distinctive feature specifications such as [+vocalic] or [nasal].
The decision to regard speech sounds as feature complexes rather than as indivisible entities has been adopted explicitly or implicitly in almost all linguistic studies.
Specifically, it is almost always taken for granted that phonological segments can be grouped into sets that differ as to their naturalness.
Thus, the sets comprising all vowels or all stops or all continuants are more natural than randomly chosen sets composed of the same number of segment types.
No serious discussion of the phonology of a language has ever done without reference to classes such as vowels, stops, or voiceless continuants.
On the other hand, any linguist would react with justified skepticism to a grammar that made repeated reference to a class composed of just the four segments [p r y a].
These judgments of naturalness are supported empirically by the observation that it is the natural classes that are relevant to the formulation of phonological processes in the most varied languages, though there is no logical necessity for this to be the case.
In view of this, if a theory of language failed to provide a mechanism for making distinctions between more or less natural classes of segments, this failure would be sufficient reason for rejecting the theory as being incapable of attaining the level of explanatory adequacy.
Translated into feature terms, rule (5) will appear as (10) (p. 336), where the feature complexes representing a given unit (segment) are enclosed in square brackets: [ ].
By viewing segments as complexes of a fixed languageindependent set of features, , we have established a part of a mechanism which is required to distinguish more natural from less natural sets of segments; we can now say that sets of segments that have features in common are more natural than setg of segments that have no common features.
What remains to be decided is the metric of naturalness, that is, whether sets of segments sharing. a large number of features are more natural than sets of segments sharing fewer features, or whether the reverse or perhaps some totally different relationship is the appropriate formal expression of this concept.
Before making this decision, it is useful to state certain governing the representation of units as feature complexes and their utilization Two uni~s U 1 ~nd U 2 are distinct if and only if there is at least one feature F such that U 1 IS s~ecified [ClF] and U 2 is specified [~F] where Cl is plus and ~ is minus; or Cl and ~.ar~ illt~gers and Cl ¥= ~; or Cl is an integer and ~ is minus.
Two strings X and Y ~re distinct if they are of different lengths, that is, if they differ in the number of umts that they contain, or if the i th unit of X is distinct from the i th unit of Y f B / XY applies to any string Z =...
XA Y... , where X, A, Y are not distinct from X, A, Y, respectively; and it converts Z to Z =...
XBY... , where B contains all specified features of B in addition to ways which are empirically significant, as can be seen by the following considerations.
Notice first that we have specified more features in (10) than are necessary to identify the four environments unambiguously.
In particular, all the features that are parenthesized in Table 1 may be omitted without in any way affecting the operation of the rule.
In accordance with conventions (11) and (12), we can reformulate (10) as (13), which has the same The conventions that permit us to replace (10) by (13) are quite natural; they imply that the value of a rule, as a measure of the linguistically significant degree of generalization it achieves, increases as the number of features required to identify the contexts in which it The schema (13), however, is still not empirically adequate.
Putting aside the question of the context of the rule, the conventions (1l) and (12) permit the change that the rule effects to be formulated as (14), without any alteration of meaning: Thus the change effected by rule (13) is minimal, involving only a single feature.
But compare / the change i + Y effected by (10) (i.e., (14» with the changes i + wand i + r, These, in terms of our conventions, must be stated as (15) and (16), respectively: Nine).
For example, assume that the language under discussion, in addition to containing The rules (15) and (16) have a lower value than (14), reflecting the fact that the changes i + wand i + r are more radical, that is, less to be expected in the grammar of a language, than is the change i + y.
Here too, then, the conventions have the natural and desired consequences.
We return in Chapter Nine to a further discussion of this sort of distinction.j Two further comments must be made here concerning the formulation of the schema (13).
First we note that if we omit the feature [+ vocalic] on the lefthand side of the arrow, then the schema will also apply to the glide Iy/.
Since in the cases under discussion the application of the rule to this glide is vacuous, the minimal representing schema will make Notice that the class containing the glide tv! and the vowel/if is a more natural class in our terms than the class containing the vowel fil alone.
In fact, this class plays a role in the grammars of numerous languagesfor example, all Slavic languages, in which velars undergo precisely the same type of palatalization before the glide Iyf as before the front (nonback) vowels.
We have noted a similar phenomenon in English, with velar softening Returning to schema (13), we may make a second observation: it would be quite reasonable to modify our conventions so that any part of the feature complex on the lefthand side of the arrow can be transferred to the environment by being placed under the dash that indicates the location of the segment subject to the rule.
In accordance with this revision, the facts expressed in (13) may be alternatively formulated as (17): Rule (19) shows only a limited resemblance to (13).
Suppose, however, that, takin: ~:v~t:e ibili of transferring part of the feature complex from the lefthan S1 e 0 ~~r~; ~~~~e e;:ironment, we write the relevant parts o~ (13) and (19) as (20a) and (20b), The formulation (20) brings out the fact, previously obscured, that both (13) and (19) affect now be readily captured by a double use of the brace To be precise, we must specify an order of expansion fo: the tw~ sets of braces (see the Where C is a unit, the schema (a) is equivalent to (b): The possibility of moving features in this way from the left of the arrow into the environment has significant empirical consequences, for it allows us to express partial identities between rules that could not otherwise be captured (but see also the discussion in Chapter In many of the standard handbooks of Slavic this fact is overlooked, and palatalization before the glide /y/ is treated in a separate chapter from palatalization before front vowels.
See, e.g., Leskien (1919), 1 guage that differs from the language subject to rule (2) (or, equivalently, (17)) in that it is instead subject to rule (23): By the term unit we now and henc~forth :efer to any ea chf tur Thus [+voca!ic] is a unit, for not necessarily a matrix which is specified With respect to eac ea e.
An important difference between (17) and (23) is that in (23) the environment is a highly natural class of segments, that is, all vowels of the language, whereas the environment in (17) is a very unnatural class.
This distinction must, of course, be brought out formally by an adequate linguistic theory.
In fact, the theory as developed to this point is adequate in this respec~.
An e~a~ation.of Table 1 show~ that the four segments in the context of (23) can be umquely Identified III the language III question by specifying the two featurJs [ consonant aI ; and in view of the evaluation criterion (9), it is this most abbreviated schema that determines the value of the rules summarized by (23).
In short, the theory requires that these rules be formally represented by the minimal schema (24): The required empirical distinction is thereby expressed, as a comparison of (24) and (17) It is obvious that the abovenoted differences between the two sets of rules are not formally brought out in (27) and (28).
We propose, therefore, the convention (29): Consider again a language with a sound system such as that in Table I.
Assume that in this (a) The plosives Ip t kl are actualized as their (nonstrident) voiceless continuant congeners [ep e x] if preceded by but not followed by a vowel. (b) The plosives jp t kl are actualized as their (nonstrident) voiced continuant congeners [P (5 y] if preceded by and followed by a vowel. (c) The continuant lsi is actualized as its voiced congener [z] if followed by a Compare this language to another language having the same sound system as the former (Table 1) in which instead of (25), the very similar allophonic alternations (26) obtain:
[P (5 y] if preceded by a consonant and followed by a vowel. (c) The continuant lsi is actualized as its voiced congener [z] if preceded by a As the attentive reader will no doubt have observed, the alternations presented in (25) are slightly modified Now rule (27) can be significantly abbreviated without affecting the results produced by it: Applying (30) to sequences such as those in the first line of (31), we obtain the required The essential difference between (25) and (26) is that in (25), but not (26), the alternations occur in partially identical environments; that is, in (25) alternation (b) shares one part of its environment with (a) and another part of its environment with (c), whereas in (26) the environments are quite unrelated.
This difference between (25) and (26) must somehow be A more formal statement of (25) and (26) would be given as (27) and (28), respectively: Rules are applied in linear order, each rule operating on the string as modified by Rule (26) (= (28)), on the other hand, cannot be abbreviated in a corresponding fashion but this is precisely the result that we wish to obtain, for an adequate theory of grammar should allow for abbreviations where an actual generalization is to be o.bserved and should prevent abbreviations when no true generalizations are to be found.
GIven the phenomena described in (25) and (26), any linguist wo~ld ~n?ers.tan~ (25) but not (26) to express a linguistically significant generalization, and thIS. distinction IS accurately reflec~ed , by convention (29); the generalizations in the present instance are th~ res~lt of ta~ng explicit account of partial identities in t~e rules.
A theo?, of gramm~r which falls to provide for the expression of such regularities must clearly be Judged unsatIs~actory: It should be observed that an abbreviation such as is achieved III (30) IS possible only when the subrules in question are adjacent in the order of the rules.
If other subrules intervene, then it is impossible to coalesce the various parts of the rule into one scheDJa by the conventions we have so far established.
In this respect too, then, these conventions express an empirical hypothesis concerning the notion linguistically significant generalization.
Convention (29) is evidently not the only logically possible condition on the ordering of rules.
It is possible, for instance, to require that rules apply in an arbitrary order or that they apply simultaneously.
Neither alternative, however, provides for the required distinction in the case of (25), (26), which is representative of innumerable wellstudied examples.
Consider first the proposal that rules be applicable in an arbitrary order.
With respect to (30) this would mean that the same results would have to be obtained if we applied subpart (b) before subpart (a).
This clearly is not the case, for subpart (b) must apply to the output of subpart (a) or else japaj will yield [aoa] rather than the required [ajla].
In (27) or (28), on the other hand, the order of application is immaterial: the same results would be obtained were the subparts to be applied in any order.
However, (27) is not the appropriate formulation of the facts described in (25), since it fails to express the underlying generalization.
Consider next a possible convention that all rules apply simultaneously.
This would mean that all rules apply to the input string rather than to the string as modified by earlier rules.
In the example under discussion, then, all rules would apply to the sequences as given in (31).
Under this convention rule (30) could not produce the sequence [a~a] from japaj, though, once again, (27), which does not reflect the appropriate generalizations, would yield the correct results.
In this case too, then, the relevant distinction between (25) and
(26) is expressed only on the assumption that rules are linearly ordered.
The hypothesis that rules are ordered, formulated tentatively as convention (29), seems to us to be one of the bestsupported assumptions of linguistic theory.
In earlier chapters, we saw many examples of how linearly ordered rules may interact to yield quite unexpected results.
As we noted previously (see Chapter Two, note 5), it is easy to invent examples that require unordered rules or rules that are organized in some different fashion; but it is striking that no real examples of this sort have yet been discovered, whereas many Further supporting evidence for the hypothesis of rule ordering comes from the study of dialectal variation.
Several cases have been discovered of dialects that contain the same rules but with different ordering.
An interesting example has been described by Joos (1942).
He considers certain Canadian dialects which have the Diphthong Laxing Rule However the dialects differ in the order of rules (32a) and (32b).
In dialects where the rule of Diphthong Laxing precedes the rule voicing intervocalic [t], words such as typewriter are pronounced with the same diphthong in both positionscjtxypraydcjewhereas in dialects where rVoicing precedes Diphthong Laxing, such words have phonetically distinct The same phenomenon can be demonstrated in artificial, invented examples, such as the wellknown childrens secret language, Pig Latin.
This language is defined by adding to the normal grammar of English a rule which moves the initial consonant sequence in the word, if any, to the end, and which then adds the sequence fey] to its right.
More As a result of this rule, the word Latin, for example, becomes [retanley], and the word day Consider now the Pig Latin form of an English dialect that contains the Diphtho~g Laxing Rule (32a), which produces the diphthong [AY] in words such as ice, sight, life, while leaving the diphthong [ay] in words such as sigh, side, time, strive.
It appears t~at speak~rs of the dialect in question divide into two groups: some keep the two words tee and sigh. distinct in Pig Latin, as [~ysey] (ice), [~ysey] (sigh), while others actualize both words as [~ysey].
Evidently, the two subdialects differ in the ordering that ~ey as.sign t~ the Diphthong Laxing Rule (32a) and the Pig Latin Rule (33).
In the first. subdIalect. the Diphthong Laxing Rule precedes the Pig Latin Rule; whereas the order IS reversed m the second subdialect.
In this artificial language, choice of one or the other order would be expected to be fairly random for speakers of English, and our casual observations seem to If we were to accept the hypothesis that rules are unordered, applying simultaneously, we would no longer be able to use the the same rules for the two subdialects.
Rules (32a) and (33) would characterize the first subdialect; but for the second, we would have to This description of the phenomena implies that the speakers of the second dialect of Pig Latin not only mastered rule (33) but also modified the Diphthong Laxing Rule (32a), which is a part of their normal English grammar.
This hardly seems likel~, and thus, along with the mass of attested linguistic evidence, indicates that the assumption that rules are Convention (29) provides only a first approximation to the set of conditions that determine ordering constraints on phonological rules.
We saw in earlier chapters that under certain welldefined circumstances ordering is disjunctive, in the sense that the application of certain rules precludes the application of certain others, formally ~ela~ed to them in a way to which we will return directly.
Still another departure from the principle ~f strict linear ordering, as specified by convention (29), seems called for un?er ot~er CIrcumstances, also welldefined, in which simultaneous applicability of rules IS req~lred.
A very simple example is provided by the rules (35) and (36), which are to be found m many Rule (35) deletes wordfinal consonant clusters of arbitrary length; rule (36), on the o~her hand deletes the first (or only) consonant of a wordfinal consonant sequence.
To achieve this intention, we must specify with care the meaning of the formalism in (35) and (36).
We have taken (35) and (36) each to be a schema representing an infinite set of rules, where (35) paper Sapir compared what he called the phonological orthogra~hy of Southern Paiute with its phonetic orthography, commenting that the phonetic forms result. fro~.the honol zic only by the application of absolutely mechanical phonetic laws of spirantiztng, alternating stress, and unvoicing.
Rather than discussing t ese aws, their effects by a table which we reproduce as (42), with the following modifications.
We Consider now a string of the form XVCCC#.
This string satisfies the first three rules of (37) but only the third rule of (38).
We must interpret (35) as implying that each applicable rule of (37) abbreviated by (35) takes effect; thus the schema (35) converts XVCCC# to XV #, as intended.
Similarly, each applicable rule of (38) takes effect, so that (36) converts XVCaCbC c# to XVCbC c#, with only the third rule of (38) actually applying.
Underlying this interpretation of schemata (35) and (36) are certain conventions of rule application: To apply a rule, the entire string is first scanned for segments that satisfy the environmental constraints of the rule.
After all such segments have been identified in the string, the changes required by the rule are applied simultaneously.
In the case of a schema standing for an infinite set of rules, convention (39) is applied to each rule of the set and all changes are made simultaneously rather than in sequence.
Let us now slightly extend our notations to permit a uniform way of presenting infinite schemata, interspersed among the rules.
We define the notation (X)*, where X is Where Z and W contain no braces, parentheses, or angled brackets, Z(X)*Wis an abbreviation for the infinite set ZW, ZXW, ZXXW, ZXXXW, etc.
We extend this, in the obvious way, to notations of the form Z(X1)*W1(X2)*W2 , etc.
Clearly, we can define such notations as Co, C 1 , and so on in these terms.
We now permit schemata involving (X)* to appear among the linearly ordered rules of the grammar, governed by convention (40).
Notice that convention (39) permits a rule to apply several times to a given string, the several applications being simultaneous; and (40) generalizes this to an infinite set of rules.
It should be stressed here that the existence of exceptions to linear ordering does not in any way affect the arguments advanced here to establish the need for such an order.
The conditions under which linear ordering does not hold have been defined precisely.
The examples adduced to show the need for linear ordering do not satisfy these special conditions and remain, therefore, unaffected by the existence of ordering other than linear.
To conclude this consideration of different types of rule ordering, we will discuss a classical phonological example presented by Sapir (1949a) that involves rule ordering of both the sequential and the simultaneous kind, along with several other intricacies.
In this Our discussion has benefited from a close study of Harms (1966).
We have, however, proposed a quite different solution here which seems to us to be preferable to that of Harms. re resent Sapirs long vowels and geminate obstruents by sequences of ide~tical segments and indicate the stress on the mora on which it is placed by the Alternati~g Stress ~ule t S., A and m as respectively the voiced and VOiceless vanants of the back glide [w].
We give voiceless vowels in.,:ordfi~al. posltl~n everywhere, w. ereas Sa ir represents voiceless vowels in postvocalic position b!,. ~Ike Sapir we.represen~v~lceless vo~els, nasals, and glides by capital letters.
Finally, we give in the phonetic trans~nptlOn the full effect of the alternating stress rule which Sapir (1930) descnbes as follows.
According to this all odd moras are weak or relati~ely unstressed, all even moras are strong or relatively stressed.
The theoretlca!ly ~tron~est stress of the word comes on the second mora.
Hence all words beginning With a syllable containing a long vowel or diphthong... are accented on the.fi~st syllable. .
On the other hand, all words beginning with a syllable contammg an organic short vowel... are accented on the second syllable, u~less the ~econd syllable is final, and therefore unvoiced, in which case the main stress IS thrown back When these consonants, by the processes of derivation and composition, take up a medial position and are immediately preceded by a vowel, voiced or unvoiced, they assume, in part, one of three distinct forms (Sapir, 1930, p. 62).
These three distinct forms whichwill be detailed below, are the result of processes which Sapir designated as spirantization, gemination, and nasalization.
According to Sapir the factor that decides which of the three processes a consonant is to undergo is the nature of the preceding stem or suffix, which, as far as a descriptive analysis of Paiute is concerned, must be credited as part of its inner form, with an inherent spirantizing, geminating, or nasalizing power...  (p. 63).
How, exactly, are we to interpret this analysis of stems as spirantizing, geminating, or nasalizing, by virtue of their inner form.
One possibility would be to regard these properties as extrinsic to the segmental analysis, an arbitrary threepart categorization of morphemes.
Alternatively, we might interpret inner form in terms of an abstract segmental representation.
The latter interpretation is quite straightforward in this case.
Let us assume that morphemes can end not only in vowels, as they generally do in the phonetic output, but also in nasals and obstruents.
Thus we postulate a rule that deletes morphemefinal consonants at the end of the word or before vowels.
This rule, which generalizes rule As a consequence of (44), morphemes will appear in the output with final consonants only if the following morpheme begins with a consonant.
These consonant sequences are, moreover, subject to the restriction (again generalizing a rule first proposed by Harmshis rule (17)) that the first consonant assimilates from the second consonant the socalled point In view of (44) and (45), it is impossible to determine the point of articulation of the morphemefinal consonant.
We shall assume, then, that the features anterior, coronal, high, and back are unspecified in such consonants.
Certain general considerations to which we return in Chapter Nine will lead us to conclude that these consonants are The treatment of the two strident obstruents lsI and Icl is not completely clear to us and it is conceivable that ~he ass~milation rule is more complicated.
Since this does not affect the theoretical points that are of ~nm.a~ interest here, we have chosen to restrict ourselves to sequences of nonstrident consonants,
The use of variables as feature coefficients is discussed in Section 4.
As discussed in Chapter Nine, the assimilation rule would be of a much simpler form if the Rules (44) and (45) account for the behavior of Sapirs geminating and nasalizing morphemes, on the assumption that these are morphemes that have obstruent stops and nasals, respectively, as their final consonants.
Thus, when the morphemefinal consonant is a nasal, we derive such sequences ~s [mp], [nt], [nk] at morpheme boundaries; and when it is an obstruent stop, we find such sequences as [pp], [ttl, [kk] at morpheme boundaries.
We can therefore dispense with the morpheme categories geminating and nasalizing on the assumption that morphemes can terminate, phonologically, with obstruents and nasals as well as vowels.
This enables us to dispense as well with the third morphological category, spirantizing morphemes, since these are now simply the morphemes terminating in a vowel in the underlying phonological representation.
By a general rule, which we give as (46), the first consonant following such morphemes will be spirantized.
In the case of labial and velar stops, spirantization results in a nonstrident voiced continuant glide; in the case of a dental stop, it results in [r].
Formally, we may state this process as follows: We see the operation of this rule in examples 2, 4, and 916 of (42).
The rule does not affect either the geminated obstruent or the strident /s cl, for, as Sapir (1930) noted, spirantized tc, tscan be most convincingly differentiated from geminated t·c, tsby the failure of weak moras to lose their voice before it (p. 64), i.e., by providing a context for a rule which devoices vowels (see rule (53)), rather than by overt phonetic differences.
Southern Paiute is subject to an Alternating Stress Rule, the effects of which are detailed in the passage from Sapir (1930) which we had occasion to quote on page 345.
Sapir explains that the stress is placed not on some phonetic syllable, but rather on an abstract entity, the mora, which can be equated with a vowel in a representation where long vowels are represented as sequences of two vowels.
As can be seen from such examples as 1, 5, and 7 of (42), Sapirs formulation of the Alternating Stress Rule is not quite correct, since stress is not placed on wordfinal vowels.
Moreover, in bisyllabic words, stress is placed on the first mora.
The Alternating Stress Rule must, therefore, be given as in (47): Schema (47) involves angled brackets.
As before, we understand these to enclose the parts of a discontinuous environment; thus we take (48a) to be an abbreviation for the sequence Under this convention, (47) is an abbreviation for the sequence of schemata (49): Schema (49a) is, in turn, an abbreviation for an infinite set of rules of the form (50) (Where, in fact, there is an infinite set of rules corresponding to each occurrence of Co and [+ seg]o): The schema (47)thus abbreviates the infinite set (50),the rules of which apply simultaneously, followed by the rule (49b) (itself, of course, actually standing for an infinite set of simultaneously applying rules).
The effect, then, is that in a string with three or more vowels, [I stress] is assigned to every evennumbered vowel, with the exception of the final vowel; and in a bisyllabic word, stress is assigned to the first vowel.
We must also add a rule weakening all stresses to the right of a main stress to secondary (i.e., a rule which reassigns primary stress to the leftmost stress), since the theoretically strongest stress comes on the To account for the appearance of nongeminate obstruents in intervocalic position, as in examples 6, 16, and 1724 of (42), we must postulate the Degemination Rule (51): Thus the second of two obstruents is deleted iffollowed by a stressed vowel.
Observe, now, the intricate interaction of this rule with the stress assignment rule (47).
Since stress is not assigned to wordfinal vowels, the geminate obstruent remains in example 5 of (42), whereas it is simplifiedin example 6.
For precisely the same reason the geminate remains in example 15 but is simplifiedin example 16.Since stress falls on the vowelfollowing the first (geminate) obstruent in examples 1724, it is always simplified.
If there is a second geminate obstruent in the word, it is simplified again under the same conditions as above; thus, compare the two simplified geminates of example (24) with the other examples.
The examples can be readily accounted for if it is assumed that the Degemination Rule applies after the Alternating Stress Rule (47), as well as after the Spirantization Rule (46).
But consider how the Degemination Rule would have to be stated if rules were to be applied simultaneously.
We would have to include in the Degemination Rule the environment that we have specified for the Alternating Stress Rule.
Instead of (51) we would have This complication, however, would not allow us either to dispense with the Stress Rule or to simplify it, since stress assignment is independent of degemination, though not vice versa.
The environment for the Stress Rule would have to figure twice in the grammar only because of the decision to utilize rules that apply simultaneously rather than linearly ordered rules.
Such a theory, then, implies that the similarity of environments is completely fortuitous, that the rules would be no less general, in the linguistically significant sense of generality, if some totally different environment were to appear in the latter case.
The complexity of simultaneous rules increases with every increase in the depth of ordering of the linearly ordered rules which the simultaneous rules replace.
This is well illustrated by the next rule mentioned by Sapir, the Devoicing Rule, which incorporates two separate rules.
The first, (53), devoices vowels in wordfinal position and in position before a nongeminate obstruent; and the second, (54), devoices nonstrident continuants Observe that if rules were to apply simultaneously, these rules would have to be complicated quite considerably.
The obstruents referred to in (53) are those which are produced by degemination; consequently the environment for the Degemination Rule (51) would liave to be incorporated into (53).
We know, however, from the discussion above that if the rules were to apply simultaneously, the Degemination Rule itself would have to include the environment for the Alternating Stress Rule.
Moreover, by the same argument, rule (54) would have to include all the environments mentioned, and, in addition, the environment for the Vowel Devoicing Rule (53).
The reason for this is that the voiceless nonconsonantal segments before which the devoicing in (54) takes place are produced by the Vowel Devoicing Rule; consequently, the simultaneous analog of rule (54) would have to incorporate the environments of the Vowel Devoicing Rule.
In addition, the rule would also have to incorporate the environment for the Spirantization Rule (46).
Examples of this type can be found in almost any language with which we are familiar.
They are handled quite naturally if rules are applied in accordance with the ordering conventions we have postulated, but require endless repetition of environments if the rules are made to apply simultaneously.
The theory of ordering presented here, along with the evaluation measure (9), provides for generalizations of just this sort, and implies that phonological processes will, in general, take place in similar or identical environments only when the restricted means made available by this theory suffice to collapse the statement of environments in a single schema.
Collectively these devices thus express an empirical hypothesis of a complex and abstract but quite specific sort.
It seems to us that the evidence now available suggests that this hypothesis is quite close to the correct one, and that no radically different alternative that might be invented has real plausibility.
In Chapter Three we presented examples of rule interactions that are more complicated than the ones just reviewed.
The cases discussed there involved order relations of a cyclical kind.
Rule A must be applied before rule B in certain examples, whereas rule B must precede rule A in other examples.
To account for such relationships we introduced the Phonological rules apply in linear sequence to each phrase of the surface structure, beginning with the smallest, and proceeding to successively larger phrases until the Putting it in slightly different terms, we require that the domain of a rule be the maximal string containing no internal.brackets; and, furthermore, after the last rule of the phonological component applies, we erase innermost brackets and return to the first rule of the phonological component, continuing in this manner until the maximal domain of Examples of cyclical application of rules seem to be restricted to prosodic features and segmental modifications associated closely with prosodic features (e.g., the iy alternations discussed in Chapter Four, Section 6).
We have experimented with cyclical rules in accounting for segmental features (see, e.g., Halle, 1963), but we are at present inclined to believe that all cases explored can be handled better with noncyclical rules.
It would, however, be premature to rule out the possibility that cyclical rules may playa role in the We investigate next the manner in which the familiar phonological processes of assimilation and dissimilation are to be characterized formally.
In terms of the apparatus developed here, assimilation is a process in which two segments are made to agree in the value assigned to one or more features, whereas dissimilation is a process in which two segments are made to disagree in the value assigned to one or more features.
An example of assimilation is provided by the Southern Paiute rule (45), according to which a morphemefinal consonant assimilates the point of articulation features of the following consonant.
Since Southern Paiute has only labial, dental, and velar consonants, rule (45) expresses the facts stated The formulation (56), however, fails to bring out the essential difference between a case of assimilation such as that under discussion and the following totally implausible process: Clearly, some formal means is required to express the fact that in the Southern Paiute case the agreement of the consonants in terms of the features anterior, coronal, high,  and back is linguistically significant, whereas in the case exemplified by (57) the relation between the change effected and the determining context is entirely fortuitous.
Given the evaluation measure specified in (9), we can meet this requirement by adopting the convention of using variables ranging over the values of the feature coefficients +, , 1,2,...
It is readily seen that (56) can be abbreviated with the help of the variable convention, and the schema (45), where Greek letters are used as variables, is just this abbreviation; the facts expressed in (57), on the other hand, cannot be similarly abbreviated.
But this is precisely the result needed, given the measure (9), to distinguish assimilation from a set of In fact, the schema (45) implicitly includes, in addition to the three subparts of (56), etc.do not occur in Southern Paiute, this special case of the schema is vacuous.
There is no point in complicating the rule in order to prevent (58) from applying since the situation in which it applies can never arise.
More precisely, our formalism implies that the sequence of rules (56), (58) is simpler, in the technical sense, than the sequence (56) itself; and since there is no empirical reason to reject the more highly valued sequence (56), (58) (with the minimal representation (45)), we are required to accept it as part of the grammar.
We are thus led to predict that if, through some process of linguistic change, palatal stops were introduced into the language (the phenomena of (56) remaining constant), then palatality As long as we are dealing with features having one of the two values plus or minus, , we can also handle dissimilation by an extension of the above convention.
All that is needed is to permit specifications of the form [r:J.
Feature X], where r:J. is a variable and where, moreover, the convention holds that +, + = .
A simple example of dissimilation is found in Gothic, where, after an unstressed. vowel, voicing in continuants dissimilates with that in the preceding obstruent.
Thus, we find hatiza, hatred (dat. sg.), riqiza, darkness (dat. sg.), but agisa, fright; and, wundufni, wound.
Formally, the rule underlying these facts (Thurneysens Law) would In the cases of assimilation and dissimilation that have been discussed here, variables were associated with the same feature in different segments.
The question arises, therefore, whether the use of variables should be formally restricted in this manner or whether the theory should admit a freer use of variables.
An example that has bearing on this question is the dialect of German spoken in the city of Vienna.
In this dialect, nonback (front) vowels are nonround before /r/ and round before /1/: e.g., Standard German vier, four, andfiir, for, are pronounced [fir]; Heer, army, andhor, listen! are pronounced [her]; whereas uiele, many, andfiihle, feel, are pronounced [fIT1~], and hehlen, hide, and Holen, caves, are pronounced [hol~n] (Trubetzkoy, 1958, p. 209).
These observations Variables can be used quite naturally to characterize intrasegmental as well as intersegmental constraints.
For example, the vowel system of the Uzbek dialect of the city of Tashkent consists of six vowels, of which three are back and round, and three are nonback and nonround (Trubetzkoy, 1958, p. 90).
They are thus subject to the rule (61): Trubetzkoy (1958) treated these facts in a somewhat different fashion.
He assumed that assimilation can occur only between identical features and argued that the examples just cited show that vom Standpunkt der genannten Mundart dad r als die hellere, und I die dunklere Liquida definiert werden (p. 209).
This inference is based on the following considerations.
In Trubetzkoys system every speech sound is said to have its proper pitch (Eigenton) , and speech sounds may be ordered in terms of their proper pitches from high (hell) to low (dunkel).
Among the vowels the proper pitch corresponds to the frequency of the second formant; hence [i] has the highest pitch, [ti] the next highest, and [u] the lowest.
Since the relative pitches of the liquids [r] and [I] were not known to phoneticians of the 1930s, Trubetzkoy proposes to determine them indirectly.
He assumes that assimilation can occur only between identical features and thus concludes that the pitch of [r] is higher than that of [1], since [i] occurs before [r] and [ii] before [1].
However, the assumption on which the inference is based is nowhere justified, and no other evidence is presented in favor of the proposition that [r] is higher pitched than [I].
Thus neither Trubetzkoys solution nor the assumption that underlies it is well grounded.
Moreover, such a common process as that of length being governed by the voicing or voicelessness of the following consonant shows that assimilation cannot be restricted to the same feature in different segments and that assimilation between cognate or related features at least will have to be allowed.
In part, this was recognized by Trubetzkoy and others who made use of the feature of proper pitch (Eigenton) , for this feature subsumes the phonetically Nevertheless, there is empirical evidence in favor of imposing a limitation on the use of variables with different features in different segments.
The great majority of examples involve only a single feature, and in other cases there clearly seems to be some intrinsic connection between the features involved in the process of assimilation.
At the present juncture, however, we are in no position to formulate these restrictions.
Actually, we will suggest later (see Chapter Nine) that this common phenomenon has a The use of variables as coefficients of features allows us to capture in a very natural manner a number of other phonological regularities.
For example, in contemporary French (under certain conditions which are of no interest here), vowels are truncated before vowels and glides, and consonants are truncated before consonants and liquids; glides and liquids, on the other hand, are not truncated.
Thus we have forms such as those in (62) (where the To characterize these facts, we might propose the following two rules (where # represents This formulation, however, would miss the symmetry inherent in (62) and would fail to distinguish it from a totally unsymmetrical pair of rules such as (64): As was noted by Schane (1965), the introduction of variables allows us to capture the It has been pointed out to us by J.
C.
Milner and C.
J.
Bailey that the rule of liaison and elision does not operate precisely the manner of (65) when the second word belongs to the foreign vocabulary.
In foreign words, glides pattern like consonants. and liquids rather than like vowels.
Thus, for instance, we have no elision in Ie yogi and no liaison in les yogis.
This observation requires at the very least that we introduce a diacritic category foreign and restrict (65) to occur before words which are [foreign].
In addition we should have to formulate a special rule for [+ foreign] words.
This rule would have to Before applying (67) to liaison and elision, we should note that the consonants that are deleted in preconsonantal position are all obstruents, for wordfinal nasals are deleted by other rules that are independently required.
We can now restate the facts of elision and We observe, however, that unlike (65), this pair of rules cannot be abbreviated.
Given the feature system adopted in this study, there is no way to express the obvious symmetry of two related processes such as those in (66), one of which occurs before vowels and the other before nonvowels.
To overcome this serious inadequacy, Milner and Bailey have suggested that the feature system be somewhat modified; i.e., the feature vocalic might be replaced by a feature syllabic which would characterize all segments constituting a syllabic peak.
Obstruents would by definition be excluded from forming syllabic peaks; vowels would normally be syllabic peaks, whereas the remaining sonorantsLe., liquids, glides, nasal consonantswould normally be nonsyllabic, but could become syllabic under special circumstances, as, for example, between obstruents.
When vowels become nonsyllabic, they tum into glides: high vowels tum into the high glides [w] and [y]; nonhigh vowels into the nonhigh glides symbolized by [h].
In sum, we propose the following major class features The appearance of two such similar rules as (69) and (:1) in a gi:en grammar is quite unusual.
J.
C.
Milner (1967) has argued that (69) can be dispensed with and that by appropriate ordering (71), generalized by omitting the feature [+foreign], can account for all This example is, thus, of the greatest importance for our feature framewor~.
If, ~s it now appears to us, (71) is indeed the correct formulation of the p~onetic f~cts Just dISreover this example is shown to be more than an Isolated Instance, the feature framework will have to be revised along the hnes sketched m (67).
The final class of cases to be considered is that in which a variable used for a single feature in a single segment is affected.
Evidently, the only significant case will be a rule such The schema (72) would serve as the abbreviation for the two rules: Clearly, it would be quite arbitrary to assign an ordering t~ ru~es (~) and (b): Let us t~en tentatively that they apply simultaneously. (Further justification for this assumption will appear directly, and we shall see below that it is a natural consequence of other,. mdependent assumptions about the form of rules.) Under this assump:ion, rule (72) d:scnbes a process in which two segments exchange position in the phonological pattern, as It ere ; for example, voiced segments become voiceless while voiceless segments be~ome VOIced.
Rules of this type certainly are to be found.
The Africanist Meinhof (1912) discussed such rules more than :fifty years ago, and coined for them the appropriate term polarity rules..
Although Meinhofs main examples of polarity rulesthose of Fulahave apparently been shown to be invalid by Klingenheben (1963), there are clear cases of such rules in a number of languages.
One example from Menomini has been discussed by Bever (1963).10 A second example of the polarity principle is provided by the West Semitic languages, Arabic, Hebrew, and Aramaic.
In the conjugation of these languages, the verbal stem vowel, which is the vowel between the second and third consonants of the stem, undergoes Ablaut.
In the perfect, which is formed by suffixation alone, we find one vowel, whereas a different vowel is found in the imperfect forms, which involve prefixation and suffixation.
Typical of this situation is Biblical Hebrew, as illustrated by (74):11 The situation described is not restricted to Hebrew, but arises as well in other West Semitic languages.
Consider, for example, the following description from Grandes Suppose that under certain conditions A becomes B and under the same conditions B becomes A.
I call this process polarity, for the following reasons.
The magnet has a positive pole (A) and a negative pole (B).
If, under the influenceof a more powerful magnet, the positive pole becomesnegativeei.e., A becomes Bthen simultaneously the negative pole becomes positive, namely, B becomes A (Meinhof, 1912, 10 It was Bever who first drew our attention to the fact that the possibility of polarity rules is implicit
11 Other examples can be found in Harper (1910), pages 73 and 76. 12 Speiser (1938)has argued that the origin of these alternations in Semiticcan be explained without recourse to the principle of polarity, in terms of grammatical analogy.
Apart from the fact that analogy as a motivating principle for linguistic change is of dubious validity (see discussion in Kiparsky, 1965), Speisers argument, even if correct, can have no bearing on the issue under discussion, which concerns the synchronic grammar of Biblical Hebrew after it had acquired the alternations in question.
As we note in Chapter Six, polarity rules may arise in a language in a great many ways in addition to being added directly to the grammar.
Hence, even if, as Speiser suggests, the historical process did not involve any polarity rules, the synchronic facts reviewed above would still require the postulation of the polarity The class vowel (the vowel after the second stem consonant) can be lal jil or , luI in verbs of the first conjugation.
If in the perfect th~ class v.owe! i~ le], then according to the polarity principle the imperfect WIll be either /II or. ju/, whereby jul will appear in the majority of verbs: lal also occurs relatively frequently but primarily in such verbs in which the second or third stem consonants are guttural or velar consonants; e.g.
If the class vowel is IiI then in accordance with the same principle of polarity it will be laj in the imperfect and in rare ~ases lij; e.g.
Examination of (74) shows that if we have the nonlow vowel joj or jej in the perfect, we find the low vowel jaj in the imperfect; whereas if in the perfect we have the low vowel jaj, we find the nonlow vowel joj in the imperfect.
Notice that the conditions under which these alternations occur are precisely the same, so that the context is of no assistance in distinguishing between the two types of interchange.
It is, of course, possible to assume an intermediate stage.
Thus we might postulate that jaj becomes high as a first step, that the nonlow nonhigh vowels jej and joj then become jaj, and that, finally, the high reflex of original jaj lowers to joj.
However, there appears to be no justification for this account other than that it avoids utilizing a polarity rule.
Since polarity rules are implicit in our notation and since there seems no reason to suppose that they are somehow objectionable, there is also no reason to handle the facts of Hebrew in the roundabout way just described or with any similar artifice.
Instead we propose the polarity rule (75):12
If the class vowel is luI then in the imperfect it is always juj, for instance, to be handsome hasuna yahsunu (p. 150).
The polarity rule thus applies only to stems with unrounded stem vowels.
A further instance of polarity rules is known to us from Kasem, a West African language, where in the noun classes A, B, and C the singular ~nd plural s~es are. correlated so that if the singular suffix is IiI or ju/, the plural suffix IS jaj, whereas If the SIngular suffix is ja/, the plural suffix is jij (Callow, 1965, p. 32).
Rules with variables are not, strictly speaking, single rules, but rather schemata that stand for sets of rules.
Thus (72), for example, stands for the two rules (73a), (73b); and (65) is in fact a schema that abbreviates the two rules in (63).
If we survey the r~les t~at have been discussed up to this point, we observe that there are no examples In WhICh ordering is crucial.
However, in the case of polarity rules, it is essential that the two rules apply disjunctively, for otherwise the second rule will undo t~~ effects of the first.rule.
Generalizing upon these observations, we might impose th~ condition th~t rule~ abbreviated.n a single schema by the use of variables cannot apply in sequence (in a given stage of cyclic application).
This idea can be made precise in. various ways.
Looking ahead to later Suppose 1:(0:) to be a schema involving the variable 0:.
Then 1:(0:) represents the sequence 1:(+), 1:() formed by replacement of 0: by + and , respectively, in 1:(0:), and the schemata 1:(+), 1:() are disjunctively ordered: in ~h~ s~nse that application of a rule derived by expanding 1:(+ ) (or o~ 1:(+ ) Itself, If It IS a.rule) precludes the application of any rule derived by expanding 1:() (or of 1:() Itself, if it is a rule) in the same stage of the cycle.
Thi of course is the notion of disjunctive ordering studied in detail, in its application to English, in Chapters Two, Three, and Four.
We propos~, then, th~t t~e vana le c~nventlOn also imposes disjunctive ordering, with, in fact, an arbitrary ~hOlce in ~he ordenng o~ the rules derived from the schema with variables.
We return to this matter in the Appendix to The phonological rules that have been discussed in the preceding sections of this chapter have been characterized by having a single segment on the lefthand side of the arrow.
There are, however, a number of phonological processes that simultaneously affect more than one segment in the string.
Of particular interest are the phenomena of metathesis, contraction, One of the most interesting examples of metathesis and contraction that have come to our attention is in Kasem.
According to Callow (1965), the language has the following get forms such as [buga][bwi], river, and [diga][di], roomfrom [digije jdiij» [di].
To account for the appearance of the glide [w] in [bwi], we need, in addition to a rule of Velar Elision, the Glide Rule (80), which turns a high vowel into its cognate glide before another vowel. (Actually the rille is not quite as general as stated heresee p. 363.) Before formulating the elision rules, we will extend our formalism to provide for the deletion of units and the introduction of units into strings.
In accordance with widely used conventions, we now permit rules such as (81) and (82): Its vowel system consists of two parallel sets of five vowels, a set of upper vowels and a set of lower vowels, which meet a condition of vowel harmony, namely, that the vowels in any word are exclusively drawn from one set or the other. (On the phonetic distinction between the sets, see Chapter Seven, Section 4.5.) Since the vowel harmony rule is a late rule which has no effect on the, processes we are interested in here, we shall not indicate the difference between the two sets of vowels in our transcription of the examples cited by Callow.
The vowel system appearing in our transcription will therefore consist of two high vowels [i u] and three low vowels [re a o].
Our discussion is further restricted to nouns of the type belonging to Callows class C, and it must, of course, be regarded as suggestive only, since our information about the language is limited.
We do not discuss the other four noun classes of Kasem because Callow provides very little information about three of the classes and the facts of the fourth class hold little additional interest.
The nouns of Callows class C add to the stem the suffix faf in the singular and the When a word ends in two identical vowels, one of these is truncated.
Thus, for instance, Were there not such a truncation rule, the expected plurals would be [kambii] and [pii]P Stems ending in velars lose the velar consonant before the [i] of the plural.
Thus, we The form [daa], stick, cited by Callow, which contradicts the rule mentioned here, may be an error in the transcription.
In the absence of further information we shall assume that this is the case and that the We stipulate that (81) has the effect of rewriting a string and that (82) has the effect of rewriting a string.. .
XY A, Y are not distinct from X, A, Y, respectively..
The two deletion rules in Kasem mentioned above will therefore be stated as follows: As we examine the velar stems cited by Callow, we find that Velar Elision is accompanied by phonological processes that are considerably more complex, as is seen in the following We might, as a notational device, represent the identity element as [unit] rather than as <1>, regarding , segments and boundaries as elements with the feature [+unit].
This would be natural, given our use of the term unit to cover segments and boundaries (and would suggest that <I> should count in the evaluation just as another feature), but would also tie confusing, given the ordinary mathematical meaning of 15 The reason for omitting the specification [+vocalic] on the lefthand side of the arrow is that in prevocalic position there can be no contrast between vowels and glides (see rule (80)).
We can also omit the specification of all vowelfeatures except high and back, for in the lexical representations of Kasem, only three vowels are in contrast, as will be shown directly.
Since the plural marker for the nouns of this class is [i], we must assume that the plurals in We know that the velars will be elided by rule (83), yielding: This rule, however, deviates from the rules so far considered in that it must have two segments rather than one on the lefthand side of the arrow.
To state contraction rules therefore, we must admit into the phonology rules that are most naturally formulated as transformational rules.l Rule (88) may then be stated as (89): We shall tentatively adopt the convention that the complexity of such rules is to be measured in the same way as that of all other rules of the phonology; i.e., in the case of
(89), the comp.lexity is ten features (counting the identity element as a featuresee note 14).
Re~rmn~ now to the discussion of Kasem nominals, we note as somewhat puzzling the followmg pairs of forms, particularly in view of the form [pia][pi], yam, cited in (79): S.ince the grammar already contains the Vowel Truncation Rule (84), [pia] can also be derived from an underlying.[piaa];..a nd [pre] can be derived not only from an underlying [pail ~ut also from an underlying [~al1].
Our underlying forms, then, show different stems in the These stems are obviously related by metathesis, and we shall assume (and justify later) These two strings, however, appear in the output as [Ire] and [nre], respectively.
We have here a phenom~non familiar f~om many languagese.g., guna in Sanskritwhere a sequence of two vowels IS contracted mto a third vowel which keeps the lowness of the first vowel and the backness of the second vowel.
Informally such a contraction rule would be stated: that the underlying form is [pia] and that metathesis takes place in the plural but not in the singular.
Like the Vowel Contraction Rule (89), the Metathesis Rule requires two segments on the lefthand side of the arrow, and it will therefore be given in the same format as (89): For a discussion of such rules, see ~homsky (1961) and many other references that examine the kinds of 2 1 3 except when 2 = 3 = [a] By formulating metathesis in this manner, we raise a problem for our evaluation measure, for if we evaluate (92) by counting nothing but the features in it, its cost is less than that of a rule with the same structural description (SD) and with a minimal structural change (SC) of one feature, for example, in the vowel.
It would be simple to institute a special convention so that metathesis rules would cost more.
For instance, we could require that all or some segments mentioned in the metathesis rule be supplied with a special abstract feature [+Metathesis].
The cost of such a rule would then be equal to the number of features mentioned in the SD plus the number of segments to which we have assigned the feature [+ Metathesis].
If this turned out to be unsatisfactory, we could easily invent any number of different conventions.
For the present, however, we do not know of any crucial cases that would allow us to decide among the alternatives.
We therefore leave the question By extending the notational system to permit rules such as the Metathesis Rule (92), and by supposing the cost of such a rule to be not too great, we have, in effect, postulated that such mechanisms are readily available to the child as he attempts to construct the grammar of his speech community.
We could, of course, have decided otherwise and established conventions that would have made the formulation of metathesis extremely costly, but this would not properly harmonize with the fact that metathesis is a perfectly common phonological process.
Though the device of metathesis, like all linguistic universals, is in principle available to speakers of any language, it does not, of course, follow that every Returning again to our discussion of Kasem nominals, we first give in detail the derivation of the singular and plural forms of the noun [pia] meaning sheep (as opposed to the noun meaning yam, which will have the underlying forms jpi +aj and jpi +iJ): We recall that we have blocked the Metathesis Rule from applying to the string [Vaa], and we must now justify this decision.
To this end, consider forms such as: At first sight it might appear that these present no difficulty and could be derived in a This solution, however, requires that Metathesis be blocked both in the singular and the plural, whereas in (93) Metathesis is needed in the derivation of the plural form [pre].
To allow Metathesis to apply to [pia+i] but to block it in [YUa+i] would require a rule of very great complexity.
We propose, therefore, that the underlying forms are not those straightforward generalization of the Vowel Contraction Rule (89) will yield the required These strings are converted by the Metathesis Rule into the strings given in (95), and the phonetic forms are then derived by the rules already discussed.
The above considerations provide some justification for our proposal to allow the
Metathesis Rule to apply except if the second and third vowels in the SD are both [a].
The mechanism for handling such exceptional behavior is dealt with in Section 7.
Here we shall only provide evidence that makes it rather unlikely that some simpler condition for the application of the Metathesis Rule (92) can be found.
Callow gives examples of metathesis taking place under the following conditions: A problem is presented by the singular forms, since we have as yet no way to account for the stem vowel [o] (which also appeared in the form [lilioj).
In view of the plural forms, we should expect the underlying form to contain the diphthong [au] in place of [o].
The change from [au] to [;:>], however, is very similar to the change in (88), and, in fact, a very To account for these forms, we follow Callows suggestion and postulate the Nasalization In other words, jij is nasalized after a high vowel followed by a nasal velar.
The plural forms The Contraction Rule makes it unnecessary to postulate M and jrej in the underlying representations, for these will now be derived from jauj and jaij.
We have thus reduced the vowel inventory in the lexical representations of Kasem to the three vowels ji u aj.
A few minor facts must still be taken account of.
We note that among the velar stems The rules already given would readily yield the plural forms if we assumed as underlying The forms [liliojjlilac du], saliva, belong to Callows class D: these nouns form their singular by the addition of juj and their plural by the addition of jduj together with secondary lengthening of the last or only vowel of the stem.
Hence the underlying form for the plural must be assumed to be jlilai +duj.
From this we must further assume that the singular has the underlying form jlilai+uj, which is converted into the required [liliojbythe Metathesis Rule and Vowel Contraction (appropriately revisedsee (100)), applying in this order.
This is, then, an instance of metathesis taking place in a string of the form Viu, as shown in
(97).
The variety of the sequences presented in (97) makes it highly unlikely that the Metathesis Rule can be constrained in any less complicated manner than the one proposed here.
Further support for the suggested analysis comes from a consideration of the following velar stems: Observe that the Nasalization Rule does not affect the operation of either of the deletion rules (83) (Velar Elision) or (84) (Truncation), since nasality is not mentioned in these rules.
ExaInination of the forms cited by Callow reveals that the Glide Rule does not function everywhere as postulated in (80).
In particular, it appears that the rule does not apply before the singular suffix jaj.
Thus we find forms such as [pia], yam, [yua], hair, [kua], bone, [nua], finger, without the expected glide, although in the plural forms [ywre], [kwi], [nwi] the glide appears, as expected.
The absence of the glide in the plural
[pi] is, of course, due to the prior application of the Truncation Rule (84).
To complete our discussion of the Kasem nominals belonging to class C, we list below According to convention (105), this rule applies to the strings X + A + Y, XA + Y, X + A Y, and XA Y.
But it may be crucial for an order to be determined among these subrules of (106).
Within our framework, it is natural to take (106) to be an abbreviation for the schema (107), which stands for the sequence of disjunctively ordered rules (l08): We will, then, assume that convention (105) is satisfied as a consequence of the somewhat th e features [ + form atiVe bOUndary] ; It and ends.
It is, therefore, part of the representation of every formative in the lexicon.
In this respect the formative boundary differs from all other boundaries, for the latter are introduced by means of special rules, some universal, others languagespecific.
These rules introduce boundaries that have the feature [formative boundary] and as many other features as are required.
There can be no rule in the grammar that introduces or deletes the feature [+formative boundary] (except as part of a longer string of units).
As already noted in preceding chapters, in view of the unique status of formative boundary, we shall treat it quite differently from all other boundaries.
In particular, we shall Any rule which applies to a string of the form XYZ also applies to strings of the form X + Y + z, XY + Z, X + YZ, where X, Y, Z stand for sequences of zero or In other words, a rule in which the presence of formative boundary is not explicitly indicated applies also to strings containing any number of formative boundaries, The converse is not true, however: a rule that applies to the string X +Z does not also apply to the string This formal asymmetry expresses a certain empirical hypothesis, namely, that processes operatingwithinformatives normally also apply across formative boundary, whereas processes may be restricted to the position where two formatives come together.
Under this empirical assumption, the grammar must be complicated in some way to permit a process to apply A ) B .
Xl XmXm+ l ,., X n where Xl>... , X n are units, is an abbreviation for the schema The most elementary boundary is the formative boundary, which we have symbolized in our informal transcription by the plus sign.
The formative boundary is characterized by The terminal string produced by the syntax consists of units of two types, segments and boundaries (or junctures).
To distinguish these two classes of units, we shall utilize the feature different types of boundaries are designated by the utilization of a special set of features, which are distinct from the segmental features.
The boundary features, like the segmental features, are given in the universal theory of language; but unlike the latter, boundary features do not have universal phonetic correlates, except perhaps for the fact that word A ) B .
X I ( +)X2 ( +)... (+)Xm( + ) ( +)Xm+ l( +).,. (+)Xn In particular, then, (106) stands for (107) (hence for the disjunctively ordered sequence
(108)), if X and Y are units; and convention (105) is satisfied.
As an illustration of this convention, consider the rule of Latvian phonology which (omitting certain details) converts high vowels into glides before vowels (see Halle and Zeps, The expression (110) is, by convention, a schema that expands to the pair of disjunctively Let us now consider how rule (110) yields the correct phonetic outputs from the underlying In the derivation of the phonetic representation of (112a), the second [y] is produced by (111a), and the first [y] by (111b).
The absence of the final ja! in the phonetic output is due
The ordering of cases (b) and (c) is arbitrary; we have no examples to motivate one or the other ordering.
The relation between disjunctive ordering and the notational device of parenthesization is discussed in
Section 1.2 of Chapter Three, We return to it in the Appendix to this chapter.
In addition to convention (115), there are languagespecific rules governing the presence of #.
Conceivably, there may be rules that introduce # in vario?s positions not specified by convention (115), although we know of no clear examples of this; but there are, as we shall see, rules that delete # in various positions.
The boundary # plays a role in defining the notion word, which, as we have seen, is crucial for phonology since it constitutes the domain of application of the noncyclic rules.
It is important to bear in mind, however, that a word, in the phonological~yrel.eva~t sense, is not simply determined as a string bounded by occurrences of #.
The ~ItuatlO~ IS so~e­ what more complex.
Consider, for example, the neutral affixes of English, which we dIScussed in Chapter Three, Section 7.
Expressions such as differing, ringing, metalanguage, establishment are single words from the point of view of the phonological rules, and the definition of word must certainly be designed so as to express this fact.
But convention (115) will assign an internal # boundary in these. expres~ions becaus~ they contain the elements differ, ring, language, establish, each of which belongs to a lexical category.
Thus This example brings out an indeterminacy in our formalism.
Rules (l l Ia) and (I 11b) are disjunctively ordered; nevertheless, both apply in the derivation of [yay] from lim +al in (112a).
The point is that rule (l l l a) applies to the rightmost occurrence of Iii and rule (I 11b) to the leftmost occurrence.
We must, then, define the notion of disjunctive ordering so as to permit such a case of joint application of disjunctively ordered rules but to exclude the cases discussed earlier.
Clearly we must stipulate that if rules R I and R 2 are disjunctively ordered.R, preceding R 2and if R I applies to the substring Y of a string XYZ but is independent of X and Z, then R 2 may apply to X and Z but not to Y in a stage of the cycle in which R I applies.
More precisely, if R I is the rule A + B I P Q, and R I applies to a string XPAQ Y(whereP , A, Q are not distinctfromP, A, Q, respectively), converting it to XPIBIQYin the usual manner, then R 2 may apply to a string contained in X or in Y but not to a string that is included in (or, in particular, identical with) P B Q.
No doubt this convention must be extended to permit R 2 to apply not only to X or Y, but also to a string that is derived by other rules from X or Y (but not to a string that is derived, even in part, from PB Q).
When we try to make this notation precise, we immediately face a variety of cases where a specific decision arises as to how the formalization should proceed.
There is no difficulty in principle in resolving these cases, one way or another, but having so little relevant information, it would be pointless to make these decisions.
We therefore leave the matter in this semiformalized state, noting simply that further empirical evidence is needed to determine just how the relevant conventions should be formulated.
Some steps Example (112b) is derived in a fashion parallel to (112a).
First (Ilia) accounts for the appearance of [w], and then (l11b) produces the [y].
Example (112c) is somewhat more complicated.
The [y] results from (Ilia), with the consequence that when (l l lb) becomes applicable, [u] no longer precedes a vowel, and the rule therefore does not apply.
Thus, the presence of + between two high vowels in l#kuru+iai#1 and its absence in I # ani +a# I account for the different phonetic interpretations that the sequence of two high In addition to formative boundary, every language has a boundary characterized by We postulate that this boundary, which we will symbolize as #, appears in the phonological surface structure primarily, but not exclusively, as the result of the general convention (115): The boundary # is automatically inserted at the beginning and end of every string dominated by a major category, i.e., by one of the lexical categories noun, verb, adjective, or by a category such as sentence, noun phrase, verb We can formulate this convention in terms of a more abstract notion of major category that does not presuppose a fixed universal set of lexical and other categories.
The matter is not relevant here, and we will continue to suppose that the stronger assumption is justified.
The occurrence of internal # is quite important, as we have noted several times.
It accounts for the syllabicity of [r] in case (a) (compare [diforin], diffe.ring, with [difr~~t], different, in which the # boundary is deleted by a languagespecific rule); the deletion of final Igl in ring in case (b); the shift of stress to the first syllable in case (c); and the fact that the affix does not shift stress to the penultimate syllable in case (d).
Nevertheless, we want to
It seems that an appropriate definition of word can be given In the following way.
Let us assume, as throughout this book, that surface structures are represented with labeled bracketing indicating categorization (as in Chapter One), and. let us ~uppo~~ further that
# is introduced by convention (115) and then perhaps dropped In certain positions by whatever languagespecific rules there may be.
Let us next define the terminus of a word as being any configuration of boundaries and brackets having the form (117) (where S is the category sentence and X contains no Suppose that we have a string...
Y... =...
Z [# W#] V, where Z [# and #] V are termini as defined in (117), and Y contains no other termini.
Then [# W #] is a word.
For example, the sentence (118) would have the surface structure (119) (where D staD:ds for the category determiner, P stands for preposition, PP stands for prepositional phrase, and the other letters stand fur categories already mentionedsee ~hapt~r One) after the application of convention (115) and would consist of the three words listed In [s# [NP# [Dthe]D [N#book#]N #]NP [yp#was [Pp# [pin]p [NP# [Dan]D In other words, the rules of wordlevel phonology in English will apply in the derivation initiated by (119) at the point in the cycle when we reach one of the three elements the book, As is illustrated by the second element of (120), the word as defined here need not be a constituent of the surface structure.
This causes a difficulty for the theory of rule application.
We have assumed that wordlevel (noncyclic) rules apply when the level of words is reached in the cycle; thus, if a certain word is not a constituent, the wordlevel rules will never apply to it under this formulation.
We can remedy this inadequacy by a convention which readjusts surface structure so as to guarantee that words, as just defined, will in fact be constituents.
Suppose that we have a string... wx Lx YZ]ex.. , where [ex and ]ex are paired brackets, X Lx Y is a word, and W contains no units.
Then this will be readjusted, by convention, to...
LxWXYZ]ex....
Similarly, a string  LxXY]exZW..., where Y]exZ is a word and W contains no units, will be readjusted to. [exXYZW]ex...
Where this convention is relevant several times, we apply it in such a way as to preserve proper parenthesization. (b) [yp [Pp [NP L.#was# [pin]p # [DanJo #un L.#likely#lA #]A With this modification, the three words are (with internal brackets deleted) as in (120); they belong to the categories NP, A, N, respectively.
In effect, we are treating the elements This definition seems appropriate for English, as well as for other cases with which we are familiar.
The orthographic conventions for Hebrew and Arabic, for example, are consistent with the phonetics in not separating prepositions or articles from the following word.
Similarly, a common error of semiliterate writers of Russian is to omit the space after a preposition.
In fact, certain phonetic effects correlated with the word terminus as defined in (117) are not found before the # boundary that follows a preposition.
In particular, final obstruents in prepositions are not subject to the general rule of Russian that sonorant we find only voiceless consonants, e.g., [v,os# #atca], he drove the father; in prepositionfinal position before sonorant, on the other hand, we find both voiced and voiceless consonants, e.g., [b,iz#atca], without the father, and [s#atcom], with the father.
This distinction is readily correlated with the fact that a single occurrence of # boundary separates the preposition from the following noun, whereas a word terminus intervenes between adjacent lexical categories.
Many other examples could be cited.
These proposals, if tenable, characterize the analysis of a surface structure into a sequence of elements, each a constituent and each of which is the domain of the noncyclic processes of word phonologyprocesses of the sort discussed, for English, in Chapter Four.
We are supposing this characterization to be universal, except for the languagespecific stands for formative boundary and WB for word boundary) to [+ FB] in certain contexts (and, perhaps, that introduce #see p. 367).
Apart from these rules, we are suggesting that the elements to which the noncyclic rules of word phonology apply are determined by certain formal properties of surface structures, as indicated above.
It seems to us that these proposals capture the main usages of the term word, and that other, minor usages of the term can be readily accounted for by slight extensions and modifications.
Thus, if we wish to regard compound nouns, adjectives, and verbs as words, we may extend the above definition so that the string in question is dominated by a lexical category which is not dominated by a lexical category.
It has on occasion been proposed (see, e.g., Milewski, 1951) that words exist in a language only if specific phonetic effects are correlated with word boundaries; languages where such phonetic effects are absent are then said to possess no words but only phrases.
It is easy enough to modify our definition of word to accommodate this usage, but the requirement that phonetic effects of some sort be associated with word boundary appears to us as insufficiently motivated, and we have not incorporated it In preceding chapters we have had occasion to note that the surface structure required as input to the phonological component will not in all cases be identical with the surface structure that can by syntactically motivated.
Thus in English Fifth Avenue has a different stress pattern from Fifth Street.
The rules of the phonological component will yield this difference if Fifth Avenue is not dominated by the node noun.
Syntactically, however, there is no justification for treating Fifth Avenue any differently from Fifth Street.
We must therefore assume that there exist special readjustment rules which modify the syntactically justified surface structure of a sentence so that it will be appropriate as an input to the phonological component.
As already noted, the primary effect of these readjustment rules is to delete structure from the syntactically motivated surface structure.l.
The universal convention (115) governing the placement of the # boundary will insert this unit in inflected forms, as we have noted.
Thus, for example, the inflected forms of English verbs will contain a single # boundary, by virtue of this convention, and we will have forms such as those of (122) (see also (116a,b)): The # boundary internal to Ising#ingl causes deletion of the wordmedial jg/ and indicates, moreover, that lingl is a neutral suffix as far as stress placement is concerned, which is essential in verbs such as contemplating or signifying.
This boundary also exempts the form wiped from the laxing rule which normally operates before nondental consonant clusters.
Thus we have [waypt] rather than [wipt] as the phonetic representation of Wiped.
But in example (c) of (122), kept, this laxing rule does operate, indicating that the # boundary must have been eliminated by a languagespecific rule, the applicability of which defines the subcategory of irregular verbs that contains keep, lose, weep, etc.
Similarly, the comparative and superlative forms of adjectives are not subject to the rule deleting jgj after nasal in final One might argue, on grounds of a theory of performance, that a welldesigned language for humans should contain rules for reducing the complexity of surface structure, where this does not interfere with recoverability of the full syntactic and semantic representation of a sentence.
In fact, it seems that this is a primary function of grammatical transformations.
See Miller and Chomsky (1963, especially part II) and Chomsky (1965, Chapter 1) for some discussion of this matter.
See also, in this connection, the discussion by Ross (1967) of general conditions under which nodes are deleted in derived phrase markers.
[SI!J]:[sI!Jgr], sing~in~er, etc., as is well known.
Here too, then, we must have a languagespecific rule that eliminates #, thereby making the rule deleting jgj inapplicable.
The elimination of # in these exceptional forms could be carried out in various ways.
One possibility, once again, would be to eliminate a certain category from the surface structurein this case, the innermost constituentsbefore the application of convention (1l5), which inserts # boundaries.
Thus if [y [ykeplvdlv and I:A I:Along]A gr]A are replaced by [ykep+dJy, I:Along+gr]A before # boundaries are introduced, then the phonological processes will apply in just the desired way.20 Since deletion of categories of the surface stru~ture is. requ~ed for other cases as well, one might inquire into the possibility of dispensmg entirely with rules deleting # and relying solely on rules deleting parts of the surface structure to achieve the required results in all cases such as those just discussed.
This proposal does not seem feasible, however, for there are instances where word boundaries must be deleted but constituent structure maintained.
Consider, for example, words such as advocacy, condensation, compensation, discussed in.Chapter Three.
After the application of convention (1l5), these will be represented as in (123): In these cases the internal constituent analysis is essential for the correct operation of the phonological rules, as was observed in Chapter Three.
However, it is also necessary for the # boundary to be elinrinated before application of the stress placement rules in the second cycle, since the affixes are not neutral with respect to stress placement.
Therefore the elimination of internal # in these examples can be taken care of by a lexical rule whichwill be automatic with these and various other affixes and which will affect the boundary but It is no doubt possible to find rules of some generality governing the deletion of # before affixes, rules which will perhaps reflect (or even sharpen) the traditional distinction of derivational and inflectional processes and which may depend on a distinction between affixes added by transformation and affixes that are assigned by processes internal to the lexicon.
But there are many obscure questions here involving the proper dividing line between the lexical and transformational components of a generative grammar and since we have arbitrarily excluded problems of syntax from consideration in this study we must Such awkward forms as cunningest and willingest, with initial stress and deleted /g/ indicate that the I I uent structure ill a jectives must be restricted to monosyllabic adjectives.
If structure were deleted In these forms, they would receive penultimate rather than initial stress.
We should therefore The ~nderlyingforms f?r the comparative and superlative apparently must be /Vr/, fVst/, rather than [t], /st/ which become syllabic, because of forms such as happier, happiest, i.e., [hseplyor] (not *[hrepiyr] ) 21 One criti~1 sy~tacti.c probl~m.has to do with the processes of nominalization that give forms such as pr~of, adoice, sincerity, con~lctzol!.
Al~hough phr~es s~ch as Johns proving the theorem, Johns advising Bill ab~ut the matter: John s being sincere, John s being convinced that... are no doubt derived from underlying senten:ehke structures by nominalization transformations, there are quite a few reasons to suppose that!ollll s pro.o! of. the th.eorem, Johns advice to Bill, Johns sincerity, Johns conviction that... have a!ery different ongin, involving lexical processes and various other transformations (relativization possessive), (See Chomsky (1965, pp. 219220) for a brief discussion and Chomsky (forthcoming).) The All languages, we are assuming, have the two boundaries [ ~ : designated as + and #, respectively.
In several cases with which we are familiar, there is also a need for a third boundary, designated as =, to which we have assigned the feature (Clearly what we are assuming to be the universal system of boundaries is redundant, with respect to feature specification, if the = boundary is lacking.) This boundary, it will be recalled (see Chapter Three, Section 10), is necessary in the phonology of English in order to account for stress placement, svoicing, and several other facts in forms such as per = mit, contra = diet, re = semble, con = de=scend, com = bat.
It is introduced by special rules which are part of the derivational morphology of English.
In our treatment, boundaries are units in a string, on a par in this sense with segments.
Like segments, each boundary is a complex of features.
Boundaries function rather differently from the various types of constituent markers (labeled brackets) that playa role in determining the application of the phonological rules of the transformational cycle.
The phonological rules apply in a domain that is delimited by a given pair of labeled brackets, inside of which there are no other labeled brackets.
All brackets internal to the domain in question will have been erased on a previous pass through the transformational cycle.
Suppose that we place boundaries in the natural hierarchy #, =, +.
It is then possible to formulate many phonological rules in such a way that they apply only within the dO~J.ain of a given boundary, but not across this boundary or across any other boundary that takes precedence over it in the hierarchy.
Thus in certain languages the stress placement rule can be thought of as applying in the environment # X #, where X contains no word boundaries but may contain the other boundaries, + or =, which are lower in the hierarchy.
This observation has prompted McCawley (1965) to propose that boundaries be regarded not as units in the string, but rather on a par with the labeled brackets, as elements delimiting the domain in which a given phonological rule applies.
This is an attractive idea, but it seems to us that it cannot be maintained in general; there are fairly clear cases for which boundaries must be regarded as units in the string.
A case in point is the Alternating Stress Rule of English (see (75), Chapter Three), which assigns main stress to the antepenult in words such as advocate, eliminate, anecdote.
This rule is blocked in forms such as con = de = scend, contraw dict, intervject because of the appearance of a = boundary.
This boundary per se does not block the rule, as shown by forms such as con=gregate, intererogate, per=colate; it is only when = appears before It seems clear that the grammar must contain readjustment rules that reduce surface structure, but it is very difficult to separate the study of these processes from the study of the theory of performance in any principled way.
Consider, for example, sentences such as (124), where the three bracketed expressions are the three noun phrases in the predicate: This is [the cat that caught [the rat that stole [the cheese]]] Clearly, the intonational structure of the utterance does not correspond to the surface structure in this case.
Rather, the major breaks are after cat and rat; that is, the sentence is spoken as the threepart structure this is the catthat caught the ratthat stole the cheese.
This effect could be achieved by a readjustment rule which converts (124), with its multiply turn to the sentence dominating it.
The resulting structure appears then as a conjunction of elementary sentences (that is, sentences without embeddings).
This allows us to say that intonation breaks precede every occurrence of the category S (sentence) in the surface structure and that otherwise the ordinary rules prevail.
But it can certainly be argued plausibly that this flattening of the surface structure is simply a performance factor, related to the difficulty of producing rightbranching structures such as (124).
The various restrictions on the use of rightbranching structures certainly seem to be a matter of performance limitations rather than of grammatical structure, just as the wellknown conditions on selfembedding (see Chomsky, 1965, Chapter 1, §2) are obviously a matter of performance rather than of grammatical structure.
Hence it can certainly be argued that these problems do not belong to grammarto the theory of competenceat all.
Similar questions arise in connection with the notion of phonological phrase, which we have mentioned several times.
It is clear that the rules of the phonological component do not apply to strings that exceed a certain level of complexity or a certain length, and that therefore certain readjustment rules must apply to the syntactically generated surface structure to demarcate the strings to which the rules are limited, that is, the strings that we have called phonological phrases.
We might, for example, try to incorporate into the grammar certain readjustment rules which assign the feature [+phonological phrase boundary] to the # boundaries associated with certain constituents and then impose the condition that the transformational cycle cannot apply to a string containing this feature (which, of course, would have to be assigned along with conventions that guarantee that the full utterance will be analyzed into a sequence of phonological phrases, each a constituent of the adjusted surface structure).
The rules that introduce this feature will have to take account of syntactic structure, but they will also involve certain parameters that relate to performance, e.g., speed of utterance.
An interesting attempt to develop such rules has been made by Bierwisch (1966).
We have nothing to add to his proposals, and we therefore This discussion by no means exhausts the topic of readjustment rules.
We could go on to list many examples of constructions that seem to show a discrepancy between the syntactically motivated surface structure and what is apparently required as an input to the phonological component.
We do not have any further substantive proposals or analyses, however.
In fact, as noted earlier, our discussion of syntactically determined phonological processes has been extremely restricted in scope.
We have attempted to give a systematic presentation of a very limited range of intonational phenomena.
Although there is a substantial literature on intonational and prosodic features in English, it is largely restricted to citation of examples, and we cannot draw on it for any significant insight into processes of a general nature.
Our inability to provide a more explicit theory of readjustment rules is in part a consequence of the limitations of our investigation of syntactic determination of Many grammatical rules apply only to certain lexical items.
For example, in a language with a rich inflectional system, such as Latin or Russian, it is necessary to divide all noun stems into several declensional classes to account for the phonetic realization of the gender, number, and case features.
These classes may play no other role in the grammar; in particular, they generally have no syntactic function.
We shall represent this rather peripheral classification with special diacritic features in lexical entries.
Thus, in the grammar of Russian there will be, for example, a diacritic feature associated with all feminine nouns which will differentiate the third declension stem jdal,j, distance, from the second In the phonology proper, we also find quite commonly that rules apply in a selective.fashion and thus impose an idiosyncratic classification on the lexicon.
Often there is a historical explanation for this idiosyncratic behavior, but this is obviously irrelevant as far as the linguistic competence of the native speaker is concerned.
What the speaker knows is, simply, that a given item or set of items is treated differentlyfrom others by the phonological In English, for example, we have noted that it is necessary to classify many lexical items in terms of a feature that, roughly, distinguishes items of Germanic origin from other items; and for certain rules, such as Velar Softening, we need a further classification of the nonGermanic part of the vocabulary into items of Greek and Romance origin, roughly.
This classification is functional in the language and must be presumed to be represented in the internalized grammar.
It is justified not by the historical development of the language Parallel instances may be cited from a great variety of languages.
For example, in his study of Turkish phonology, Lees (1961) makes use of a classification that corresponds closely to Turkic or Arabic origin.
Similarly, Lightner (1965a) has shown that the phonological component of Modern Russian requires at least the following three classes of instance, Russian has the second conjugation verbs [vorocu], I turn, and [v;,z#vra5cu], I return.
These two verbs are derived from an underlying root ju;,rtj, which figures both in the  Russian and in the Church Slavonic components of the Russian lexicon.
All [+Slavic] forms undergo liquid metathesis in the environment C1 • The [+ Russian] forms, however, are first subject to vowel doubling (i.e., j;,rj ~ [cor], whereas the [Russian] forms are first subject to tensing (i.e., j;,rj~ [5r]).
Since tense vowels are unrounded, and ultimately laxed, we find in the Church Slavonic forms the derivation j;,rj ~ [5r]~ [r5] (and ultimatelyjejra]; whereas in the Russian forms we derive j;,rj~[;,;,r]~[;,r;,].
In addition, in the Russian forms stemfinal jtj alternates with [c] in the first person singular. present tense of this class of verbs, whereas in the Church Slavonic forms the stemfinal In these instances the categories to which lexical items are assigned account not only for their phonological peculiarities but also for their behavior with respect to various
The names we give to the categories designate their major historical source, but, of course, are not etymologically justified in detail. morphological processes such as the choice of derivational affix and freedom of compounding.
Lexical items may also belong to categories that are much less general than those just illustrated.
In fact, not infrequently an individual lexical item is exceptional in that it alone fails to undergo a given phonological rule or, alternatively, in that it is subject to some phonological rule.
The copula is an example of such a highly deviant item in many languages.
The natural way to reflect such exceptional behavior in the grammar is to associate with such lexical items diacritic features referring to particular rules, that is, features of the form [orule n], where ex is, as before, a variable ra~ging over the values + and and n is the number of the rule in question in the linear ordering.
We must then establish precise conventions that will have the effect of excluding an item specified as [rule n] from the domain of rule n, This can be done in various slightly different ways.
A reasonable approach within our framework seems to be the following.
Suppose By convention, one of the features contained in A will be [+rule n], thus requiring that any segment to which the rule applies be specified as [+rule n].
Secondly, we assume that for each rule m of the phonology, the feature specification [+rule m] is automatically assigned to each unit of each lexical matrix.i After this obligatory assignment of [+rule m], for each m, to each unit in the lexicon, we apply convention (126): All nonphonological features of a given lexical item are distributed to every unit In particular, if a given lexical item is a human noun in the k th declensional class which is an exception to rule n, then the feature specifications [+noun], [+human], [+k th declensional class], [rule n], now reinterpreted as on a par with phonological features, are assigned to each unit in this lexical item.
The assignment of [rule m], for any m, modifies the specification [+rule m] determined by the preceding convention.F The ordinary conventions of rule application will now prevent the application of rule n to any of the phonological units of an item marked in the lexicon as an exception to rule n.
A few comments are necessary about this particular way of handling exceptions.
First, we assume that the readjustment rules that convert a syntactically generated structure to an appropriate input to the phonology may modify or introduce diacritic features.
In particular, then, they may affect specifications of the type [orule m].
One might also raise the question whether the rules of the phonology themselves may modify these features; for Such rules add greatly to the power of the phonology.
Suppose, for example, that rule (125) In terms of the system developed in Chapter Nine, we assume, simply, that [+rule m] is the unmarked 24 Convention (126) makes it possible for phonological rules to refer to any syntactic or semantic property and is thus, no doubt, far too strong.
Various modifications might be proposed, but we will not go into applies as indicated except in the context Z W.
By ordering rule (127) before rule (125), we achieve exactly this effect.
Therefore rules of the form (127) permit us to formalize the notion except; in other words, they permit us to refer to contexts in which a rule does not apply, as well as to those in which it does apply.
This is true even if we permit a rule such as (127) only when it is rule n 1 in the ordering, so that it can be reformulated as (128): If we permit rules such as (127) to appear more freely, we add still greater power to the phonology.
At various stages of our work we have experimented with rules of the form (128) and of the more powerful type (127), but we have not found any convincing example to demonstrate the need for such rules.
Therefore we propose, tentatively, that rules such as (127), (128), with the great increase in descriptive power that they provide, not be perInitted in the phonology: the feature [rule n] must either be: introduced by readjustment rules or appear as a diacritic feature in the lexical representation of an item.
Furthermore, observe that our first convention assigned the feature [+rule n] only to the unit A in (125), and not to the units of X and Y.
Suppose, then, that we have a string.. .
XA Y... such that A is nondistinct from A, and X, Y are nondistinct from X, Y except with respect to the feature [rule n].
Suppose further that X and Y contain units which are specified as [rule n] but that A is specified [+rule n].
The convention we have suggested would permit rule n to apply to...
XA Y... under these circumstances; but the application of rule n to this string would be prevented if we were to adopt an alternative convention which assigned the feature [+rule n] to each unit of A, X, and Yin rule (125), thus requiring not only that any segment to which the rule applies be specified as [+rule n] but that the contextual segments be so specified as well.
In brief, the issue is whether the context in which a segment appears should be permitted to block the application of a rule to this segment, even if the segment itself is not specified as an exception to this rule.
It is easy to invent examples that Inilitate against this assumption, but we have no clear cases in a real language.
Considerations of plausibility, adInittedly weak, have led us to adopt the convention proposed above which blocks application of a rule only when the segment to which the rule applies is itself identified as an exception to this rule.
There is, in fact, one sort of example that suggests that our convention is inexact.
Suppose that we have a rule Suppose further that a lexical item W = XY is an exception to this rule and is lexically marked as such.
Our convention does not perInit us to express this fact, but the alternative that we have rejected would allow it to be expressed readily.
Such examples suggest that we reformulate the convention slightly, so that rule (125) is inapplicable to a string...
XA Y... (where X, A, Yare nondistinct from X, A, I, respectively, except with regard to the feature [rule n]) if A is specified [q,de n], as in the earlier convention, or if the formative containing A is specified [rule n].
This modification, which we will not take the trouble to make precise here, would account for examples such as the exceptions to epenthesis without permitting the full range of difficulties that appear to be possible consequences of the convention we have rejected, which assigns [rule n] to each unit of A, X, and Yin
(125).
Obviously, additional empirical material is needed before this matter can be settled.
Finally, notice that our conventions imply that in a given lexical item either all segments that otherwise satisfy the condition for application of some rule will be subject to the rule or no such segments will be subject to the rule; for it is the lexical item rather than an individual segment that constitutes an exception, at least insofar as exceptions are indicated in the lexicon.
For example, if a language has a rule voicing intervocalic stops and a given lexical item containing several intervocalic stops is marked as exempt from this rule, then, in general, all intervocalic stops in the lexical item will be exempt from voicing.
We shall not exclude the possibility that in the situation just presented an item is doubly exceptional in that one of its intervocalic stops is subject to the voicing rule; however, this will be quite costly, for a special readjustment rule will be required to supply the intervocalic stop in question with the feature [+ Intervocalic Voicing Rule].
The diacritic features, as noted earlier, will thus have two sources, the lexicon and the readjustment rules.
An example illustrating the way in which readjustment rules operate in such cases is With the help of diacritic features, we can deal with many phenomena involving prosodic featuresfor example, the behavior of stress in languages such as Russian or Bulgarian, and pitch in languages such as Japanese or SerboCroatian.
The salient property that distinguishes stress in Russian or Bulgarian from other phonological features is that once it is determined which vowel in the word receives the main stress, the stress contour of the word is also determined.
The fact that stress must be indicated for only one vowel of a word suggests that this vowel be designated by means of a diacritic feature associated with the root of the word.
There appears to be a fair amount of evidencealthough a definitive demonstration is still lackingthat the location of this vowel in Russian words can be determined by quite simple rules, given the structure of the word and some idiosyncratic information about the stress behavior of the root (in particular, whether or not the root takes stress; if not, whether main stresses must be placed on the suffix following the root or on the case ending; etc.) Once these facts are known, the Iocationof the mainstressed vowel is directly determined.
In terms of the framework that has been developed here, this means that the root will have to be provided in the lexicon with a few (perhaps two or three) diacritic features which will then provide enough information for the rules to locate the main stress on some vowel in the word.
Subsequent rules then determine the stress contour The situation is rather similar in SerboCroatian and Japanese.
As has been shown by Browne and McCawley (1965) for SerboCroatian and by McCawley (1965) for Japanese, the tonal contour of the word can be determined by simple rules, once the location of the vowel with high pitch is determined.
As in the case of Russian stress, these facts suggest that we utilize a diacritic feature associated with the lexical formative rather than phonological features associated with a given vowel in a word.
Similar mechanisms have been shown by Heeschen (1967) to account for the very intricate prosodic features of Lithuanian The situation in these languages thus differs from that obtaining in true tone languages, such as Chinese or Mixtecan, where, as observed by McCawley (1965), the number of possible pitch shapes [our tone contours NCfMH] increases geometrically as the length of the morpheme increases, rather than arithmetically as is the case in Japanese.!hese segn;ents ~a~ not be intervoca~c stops in the lexicon but only at the point where the rule in question ~s reached 10 derivations; correspondingly, we are not concerned here with intervocalic stops of the lexicon if they do not have this property at the point in derivations where the rule in question applies.
In languages such as Japanese or Russian, one need at most determine the location of a single vowel in the word in order to determine the tonal contour of the word, whereas in languages such as Mixtecan or Chinese, each vowel in the word may have its own distinctive prosodic features.
Only in the latter case might it be proper to mark the prosodic features for each vowel in the lexicon rather than associating a few diacritic features with the lexical Another type of phenomenon that is appropriately handled with diacritic features is vowel harmony, which is found in languages in all parts of the world.
A particularly instructive example occurs in Nez Perce, an American Indian language.
According to Aoki (1966), on whose study the following remarks are based, Nez Perce has, phonetically, the five vowels [i u 0 a re].
The [0] is always round, but in the high back vowel [u] rounding appears to vary a great deal.
The words of Nez Perce fall into two classes with regard to their utilization of vowels; in the words of the first class the vowels are selected from the set [i a 0]; in the words of the second class the vowels are chosen from the set [i re u].
Nez Perce words are composed of strings of morphemes.
The morphemes themselves constitute two mutually exclusive categories: morphemes of the first category, to which we shall attribute the diacritic feature [+ H], appear in words of the first class only, whereas morphemes of the second category, which we shall designate as [H], appear in words of both classes.
Hence [ + H] morphemes show no vowel alternations and select their vowels from the set [i a 0], whereas [H] morphemes exhibit the vowel alternations are and OU, depending on whether the morpheme appears in a word of the first or the second class.
For example, the first person possessive pronoun morpheme [na?][nre?] is [H]; we therefore have [na?+t6 ·t], my father, but [nee?+mrex], my paternal uncle.
On the other hand, the morpheme for father appears everywhere with the vowel [0], and must therefore belong to the category [+ H].
Since morphemes containing the vowel [i] may be either [+ H] or [H]; this property must be indicated with the help of a diacritic feature rather than derived from the phonetic features of the vowels.
Moreover, the sets of vowels in the two classes of words[i a 0] and [i re u]are not natural classes in any reasonable phonetic framework.
This represents further evidence that the categorization should not be based In order to account for the facts just sketched, it is necessary to postulate a readjustment rule that distributes the feature [+ H] to all segments of a word containing a single [+ H] segment. (As noted above, a universal convention distributes all diacritic features to all segments of a given lexical item.) This readjustment rule might have the following form: As a consequence of (130), words containing a [ + H] morpheme will have all their segments marked [+ H]; all other words will contain only segments marked [H].
We now need to postulate in the lexicon only the three vowels Ii u e].
The phonological rules (131) will then A certain amount of support for this analysis may be derived from comparing Nez Perce with Sahaptin, which is closely related to Nez Perce genetically.
Sahaptin has the threevowel system ji u aj, which corresponds to the Nez Perce system as illustrated in It is obvious that the relationship between the two vo\Vel systems corresponds to the effects of the vowel harmony rule (131).
Since Sahaptin lacks vowel harmony, this correspondence A rule similar to (131) would account for the vowel harmony in such African languages as Igbo (Carnochan, 1960), Twi (Fromkin, 1965), and Fanti (Welmers, 1946).
There are, however, a number of differences between the vowel harmony in these West African languages and that in Nez Perce.
In the first place, in Nez Perce the diacritic feature is distributed to the entire word only if it has the coefficient +; in the West African languages the diacritic feature is distributed to the word if it has either + or .
This can readily be effected by use of the variable notation.
In the West African languages, moreover, the diacritic feature is distributed from stems alone (but see below), whereas in Nez Perce the source of the [+ H] feature may be any element in the word; if a word contains a single [+ H] morpheme, the entire word is marked [+ H].
Finally, in the West African languages the diacritic feature in question is fully correlated with the phonological feature covered. (See Chapter Seven, Section 4.5, for a discussion of the phonetic correlates of this feature.) As a result, instead of (131), we have the much simpler rule (133) (where H represents the resulting from the fact that in these languages prefixation is not utilized and words are formed by suffixation alone.
The evidence brought forward by Zimmer (1967) with regard to Lightners analysis (1965b) of vowel harmony in Mongolian, which proceeded along the lines sketched here, shows that there are certain cases where the evaluation measures that have been developed up to this point would fail to decide the issue clearly one way or the other.
As Zimmer notes, in order to resolve the matter in favor of the approach advocated here, one would have to enrich the descriptive machinery in some way so as to make readjustment rules such as (130) formally less complex, that is, more economical, than the phonological rules having the equivalent effect.
This seems to us the proper solution; since vowel harmony is a process available to languages, this fact should be formally recognized by incorporating into the theory a device especially designed to reflect it.
At the present time we are unable to make specific suggestions as to the nature of this device.
The problem, however, is not one of principle but rather one of a scarcity of data for choosing among It was observed above that diacritic features may be assigned to particular segments by readjustment rules.
This possibility may be illustrated by the following example from It has been shown by Lightner (1965a) that in the underlying representations of Russian there are two parallel sets of vowels, tense and nontense.
The nontense high vowels never appear in the output; they are either deleted by rule (134), or they are lowered by rule Rule (133), incidentally, fails to account for a curious assimilation phenomenon which has been observed in the West African languages mentioned above.
According to Carnochan (1960, pp. 16162), if a noun ending with a high vowel immediately precedes a verb that is [H], the high vowel is [covered], even if the noun is [+ H] and the vowel should therefore have been [+covered].
This can readily be accounted for by a special readjustment rule which assigns the feature [H] to high vowels in the position stated above, or by a phonological rule that makes the vowel [covered].
It would appear that vowel harmony in the UralAltaic languages can be characterized by structurally similar rules.
In a language such as Turkish there are four classes of harmonizing words, rather than two as in Nez Perce or Igbo.
This fact requires that we supply each lexical item with two diacritic features instead of the single feature that was required in Nez Perce and in Igbo.
UralAltaic vowel harmony appears to be a process that propagates from left to right, from the first vowel of the word to the last, rather than being a nondirectional property inherent in each word by virtue of its containing a particular type of morpheme.
This seems to us to be only a superficial phenomenon, however, Thus, high nontense vowels are deleted at the end of a word or if followed in the next syllable by a vowel which is tense or nonhigh; elsewhere, they become nonhigh.
These two rules account for alternations such as the following, in the nominative and genitive Among the exceptions to rule (134) is the suffix jisk/.
The vowel of this suffix is not deleted by the rule if the stem to which the suffix is attached ends with a velar or palatal consonant, that is, a consonant which is [anterior, coronal].
In the output, velars in this position are usually actualized as strident palatoalveolars because velars before front vo:vels undergo the socalled first palatalization (see Chapter Nine).
Thus we have ad~ItIon there IS a further layer of exceptions to the exceptions just cited, namely, forms in hich the suffix /isk/ follows a nonanterior consonant but in which the vowel of the suffix IS deleted: e.g., [musskoy], manly, [volsskoy], Volga (adj.) [cesskay] Czech To account for the above facts, we may postulate a readjustment rule with the effects T~s rule exem~ts the vowel of the suffix /isk/ from deletion by rule (134) if the stem to w~Ich the suffixIS attached ends with a velar or palatal consonant, unless the stem is marked with the special diacritic feature [+ D] which indicates that it is an exception to the readjustment rule (137).
A language contains a stock of items which, under various modifications, constitute the words of the language.
Associated with each such item is whafever information is needed to determine its sound, meaning, and syntactic behavior, given the system of grammatical rules. ~ence t~is i~orn:a~ion ultimately determines the sound and meaning of particular words m specific linguistic contexts.
Evidently, this knowledge constitutes part of the ~no,:le~ge of t~e speaker of the language.
He makes use of it not only in his normal linguistic behavior, but also in explaining the meaning of a word, in distinguishing rhymin fr~m nonrhyming pairs of words, in determining whether verse is properly constructe~ (~ven certain c~no~s): in seeking a word with a particular meaning, and so on.
To represent thI~ aspec~ of linguistic competence, the grammar must contain a lexicon listing the items ~hICh ult.lmately make up the words of the language.
Clearly, the lexicon may contain d~erent Items for different individuals, and a given speaker may revise and expand his .
As.noted above, knowledge of lexical structure goes beyond familiarity with a list of leXIc~IIten:s, F~r example,. s~:akers can distinguish in various ways among items that are not rn their lexicon.
Certain. nonsense forms are so close to English that they might be ta~en by the speaker to be accidental gaps in his knowledge of the language: e.g., brillig, karulize, thode.
Other forms, such as gnip, rtut, or psik, will almost certainly be ruled out as not English.
To account for these and other facts, we must assume that there is more structure to the internalized lexicon than merely the list of known items.
An exa. ti tea itional structure that must be presupposed is the subject of the present section.!n order for. a lexi:al item to be used in a wellformed sentence, two types of information are required.
FIrst, we must have information about the syntactic and morphological characteristics of the item; we must know, for example, that the item write is a verb, that it takes an inanimate object, that it is an irregular verb of a specific subtype, and so on.
As we have seen, information of this type can be provided by the syntactic and diacritic features that form part of eachlexical entry.
The second type of information required for proper use of a lexical item relates to its physical, phonetic actualization.
Such information is embodied in a classificatory matrix in which the columns stand for the successivesegments, the rows represent features, and the entry at the intersection of a particular column and row indicates whether the item in question belongs to the category of items that are positively specified or to the category of items that are negatively specified for the given feature in the particular segment.
As indicated above, classificatory matrices are ultimately converted into phonetic matrices, in which the columns represent successive phonetic segments and the rows represent specific phonetic features, that is, aspects of vocal tract behavior that are under the voluntary control of the speaker.j and into internally produced elements Other things being equal, the more direct the relationship between classificatory and phonetic matrices, the less complexthe more highly valuedwill be the resulting grammar.
Insofar as languagespecific rules are proposed that express an indirect relation between classificatory and phonetic matrices, these rules must be justified by showing that they lead to economies in other parts of the grammar that more than compensate for the complexity Languages differ with respect to the sounds they use and the sound sequences they permit in words.
Thus each language places certain conditions on the form of phonetic matrices and hence on the configurations of pluses and minuses (indicating membership in one of a pair of complementary categories) that may appear as entries in the classificatory riiatrices of the lexicon.
These constraints make it possible to predict, in a given language, the specification of features in particular segments.
Such predictability applies to segments in isolation (e.g., in Finnish, all obstruents are voiceless) as well as to segments in particular contexts (e.g., in English, /s/ is the only true consonant admissible before a true consonant in wordinitial position).
Rules describing these constraints can readily be formulated within our framework, and can be interpreted as specifying the coefficients of particular features in particular environments.
It is therefore natural to propose that such rules be incorporated in the grammar and that the features that are predictable be left unspecified in lexical entries (Halle, 1959).
If we then extend the simplicity criterion to the lexicon, we can distinguish between admissible and inadmissible matrices (possible and impossible words) in what seems a natural way.
Thus, when a rule specifying coefficients of features in certain configurations is added to the lexicon, the predicted values can be left unspecified in lexical entries.
We might propose that if the number of predicted coefficients is greater than the number of specified features in the rule in question, then the addition of the rule to the grammar represents a true generalization.
Once added to the grammar, this rule excludes certain unattested configurations that would be inconsistent with it.
On the other hand, when all such rules are added, there will still be many unattested configurations consistent with this simplest set of rules; these, then, would be the accidental gaps, the The interaction among successive segments and specific features may be complex, and the principles that relate a phonetic matrix to a physical event obviously involve processes that go well beyond a segmentthat may even involve whole utterances.
Hence it should be understood that when we speak of successive phonetic segments we do not refer to simple temporal succession, and when we refer to aspects of vocal tract behavior we do not presuppose independence of these aspects. admissible, unrealized matrices.
Thus we can draw the distinction between admissible and inadmissible configurations in terms of a rather natural extension of the method of The rules that describe lexical constraints in this fashion have been called morpheme structure rules or lexical redundancy rules and form a part of the readjustment component.
In many respects, they seem to be exactly like ordinary phonological rules, in form and function.
Thus certain regularities are observed within lexical items as well as across certain boundariesthe rule governing voicing in obstruent sequences in Russian, for exampleand to avoid duplication of such rules in the grammar it is necessary to regard them not as redundancy rules but as phonological rules that also happen to apply internally to a lexical item.
Nevertheless, there are certain difficultiesin formulating redundancy rules within the framework outlined for ordinary phonological rules, difficulties which suggest that the conception just sketched is in need of revision.
It was observed by Lightner (1963) that the appearance of unspecified features in lexical representations allows for specious simplifications.
The problem arises in connection with the convention for application of the rule A + B I XYto a matrix when features mentioned in A, X, or Yare unspecified in this matrix.
For example, consider the rule (138): A convention must be established to determine whether or not the rule should apply to a onesegment matrix unspecified for the feature A.
Two fairly natural conventions suggest themselves.
Let R be the rule A + B I XY.
The rule R applies to a matrix M unless M is distinct from XAY, in the sense of Under convention (139), the rule (138) would not apply to a segment unspecified for the feature A; under convention (140), on the other hand, the rule (138) would apply to such a segment.
However, Lightner showed that both conventions lead to specious simplifications in that they make it possible to distinguish items that are not represented as distinct in the Consider two segments which are nondistinct, one totally unspecified except for the feature [segment], and the other specified only for the feature [X]: Suppose that the two segments of (141) are subject to rules in accordance with the convention (139).
Given the rules (142), we obtain the derivations (143):
For additional discussion, see Halle (1959), Chomsky (1964), Chomsky and Halle (1965).
If rules of the type (144) are disallowed on general grounds, the same incorrect result as in (143) can be obtained by the set of rules (145):
The rule R applies to a matrix M only if XA Y is a submatrix of M.
Thus the rules (142) have converted nondistinct segments into segments that are distinct Assume now that the two segments of (141) are subject to rules under the distinctness interpretation of convention (140).
Then these segments can be rendered distinct by the It is clear that derivations such as (143) and (146) must not be allowed, since they permit us to distinguish three entities with the use of a single binary feature: the rules (142) or. (145) allow us to distinguish [+ seg] from [ + X ; an analogous set of rules WIll allow us to distinguish [+ seg] from [ _ X  WhICh IS, of course, distinct from + X by definition. + VOCaliC] .
We should there fore represent t h e fea t ures  voca li If derivations such as (143) and (146) are allowed, the classificatory features are no longer binary, but rather ternary, for an unspecified feature can be distinguished from both a positively and a negatively specified feature.
Hence, in a system such as this, the fact that no cost attaches to unspecified features represents a specious simplification, since lack of specification is treated as a value distinct fromand thus on a par withthe values plus As a matter of fact, in our descriptive practice no such illicit simplifications were ever made; the grammars were always so devised that at the point at which a rule A ~ B / XY was applied, all features mentioned in A, X, Y had already been specified by prior rules if they had not already been specified in the lexicon.
It might therefore be proposed that this be made a formal requirement on grammars; i.e., that we impose the condition (147): This requirement would rule out pairs of matrices such as those in (141).
It would, however, give rise to problems of a different sort, as pointed out by Stanley (1967). (a) The segment preceding a final string consisting of a liquid followed by one or
(b) The segment following an initial liquid is always a vowel.
More formally, these two facts might be embodied in the following two redundancy rules: It is clear that given these two rules it should be unnecessary to specify in a lexical entry that the initial segment in an item such as ilk or the second segment of an item such as rip We note immediately that the two matrices in (151) are not distinct and therefore violate condition (148).
In order to make the matrices distinct, we have to specify the feature  consonantal in one of them.
This specification, however, is redundant in the sense that it is predicted by (150); furthermore, the choice of the lexical entry to be specified in this way is quite arbitrary.
These facts suggest that condition (148) is not altogether appropriate.
Observe that the choice of the item in which the redundant feature is to be specified in (151) depends on the order that we establish among the rules in (150), if we accept some analog of (147) as an appropriate requirement for grammars.
If we let (I50a) precede (I SOb), then the redundant feature must be specified in the representation of rip; if the order is reversed, the redundant feature must be specified in the representation of ilk.
In neither case, however, can one provide a motivation for the order chosen.
This would seem to indicate that there is something wrong with a requirement that redundancy rules apply in.It has also been pointed out by Stanley (1967) that ordering of redundancy rules can be used to effect specious simplifications of yet another sort.
Consider a language which admits only lexical items with the structure CVCVCVCV....
For such a language we should postulate the redundancy rules (I52a,b) (see page 344 for discussion of the A grammar is not wellformed if in any derivation the rule A ~ B / XY is available for application to a matrix M which is not distinct from XA Y and of The imposition of condition (147) fails to resolve the difficulty properly, however, since it makes it impossible to determine whether a grammar is wellformed by an elementary inspection of the grammar itself; instead it is necessary to examine a large class of derivations permitted by this grammar.
This is surely an unacceptable consequence.
A grammar represents a particular speakers competence in some language.
Since only wellformed grammars are acquired and since such grammars are acquired in a reasonably short time, the question of wellformedness must be decidable by a procedure that terminates quite rapidly.
Under condition (147), this is not the case; therefore, it follows that this condition As an alternative to (147) it has been proposed that we impose the condition (148):
The discussion of rule (20) in Chapter Nine presents further difficulties associated with this convention.
That is to say, counting segments from the beginning of the item, every oddnumbered segment is a consonant; and counting segments from the end, every oddnumbered segment is a vowel.
As a result of these rules, the features vocalic and consonantal need not be specified in any lexical entry of this language.
Assume now that we decide to simplify the lexicon even further by omitting a particular consonant X from the initial position in all lexical entries of the form X... .
At first sight, it would appear that such an illegitimate  simplification would be ruled out on the grounds that it destroys the very farreaching. generalization about the structure of lexical items embodied in rule (152).
Thus it would seem that if the consonant X is omitted in initial position, this rule can no longer be a redundancy rule, and therefore it will be necessary to specify in lexical representations features which otherwise could have been left unspecified.
This, however, is not true.
As noted by Stanley, nothing prevents us from reintroducing the (incorrectly) omitted consonants by a rule that applies before (152).
Hence, by the time (152) applies, the status quo It is, of course, possible to rule out specious simplifications of the type just discussed by the simple expedient of prohibiting redundancy rules that insert segments.
Alternatively, it is possible to achieve the same result by requiring that redundancy rules apply simultaneously rather than in sequence.
The latter decision would make the redundancy rules The requirement that redundancy rules apply simultaneously is attractive in several respects.
For one thing, no good examples have been discovered of empirically significant generalizations that result from ordering these rules.
Hence any ordering that has been presented has actually been rather unmotivated.
In contrast, the ordering of phonological rules has generally been discovered to be well motivated, and very narrowly constrained.
Furthermore, there are difficulties beyond those just mentioned that can be avoided if the redundancy rules are regarded as unordered.
As a case in point, Stanley (1967) cites the restrictions on obstruents in IndoEuropean obstruentvowelobstruent roots.
Since IndoEuropean possessed the three series of obstruents in (153), we expect to find nine distinct types of roots of the form obstruentvowelobstruent, as in (154): As Stanley correctly remarks, the facts sketched in (154) can be expressed more naturally by stating that items of the form (157) are excluded: We have no notion of simplicity available that has any bearing on the choice between these alternative and equivalent formulations.
We therefore adopt the positively stated The redundancy rules of the type considered heretofore (e.g., (150)) express certain ifthen constraints: they state that if some segment (or configuration) of a matrix is specified in accordance with condition C1 , then some segment (or configu~atio~) must be specified in accordance with condition C2 • Thinking of a redundancy rule in this way, we may say that (158) expresses an ifandonlyif constraint: it states that th~ first se~ent meets a certain condition if and only if the last segment meets a correspondmg condition, there being four possibilities, all told.
Hence such examples indicate that biconditional constraints exist alongside of the conditional constraints expressed by redundancy An interesting example of a biconditional constraint combined with a conditional constraint on the structure of lexical items is found in the Central African language Ngbaka.
This language is reported to have the sevenvowel system in (159): There is, however, no reason to assume that the restriction has directionality, i.e., should be formalized to operate from left to right.
Equivalently we could propose restrictions where Equivalently, this constraint can be stated as a positive condition requiring that every item As is well known, forms of the types starred in (154) are not found.
With ordered redundancy Since there are seven vowels in the language, one might expect 49 different vowelvowel patterns in bisyllabic formatives.
In fact, only 35 patterns are admitted, fo: if a disyllabic word contains Iii, it does not also contain lui; if lei, it does not also contam I~/, lEI, 0: 10/; if lui, it does not also contain Iii; if 10/, it does not also contain lei, lEI,.or M; and if I~/, it does not also contain lEI, lei, or 101 (Wescott, 1965).
These constramts do not affect lal but only vowels in which the coefficients for roundness and backness agree.
The restriction on lexical items of Ngbaka, therefore, reads as follows: Condition: if ex = p and E = S, then either y = or (ex E, p = S, and 3 = 8).
That is, in bisyllabic formatives containing no [e], the vowels either differ with regard to .
Conditions such as (158) and (160) are directly formulable m terms of the notions discussed in the Appendix.
We note there that certain truthfunctional conditions are required for the phonological rules; the conditions no,,:, being ~iscussed make rather extensive use of these possibilities.
The essential innovation reqUIred by the last set of examples is that the redundancy rules be interpreted as conditions on the lexicon, rather than as rules to be applied in sequence in the manner of phonological rules.
They can be thought of as filters that accept or reject certain proposed matrices but that do not modify the feature composition of a matrix as a phonological rule does.
Continuing to follow Stanleys exposition, we next turn to the question of how redundancy conditions are integrated into the lexical component of the grammar.
Suppose that the language to be described has a lexicon in which the longest item contains I segments.
We can thus form a finite set U containing all matrices of logically possible fully specified segments which are less than or equal to I segments in length.
From the set U we now form a smaller set M(U) containing all the matrices that satisfy the redundancy conditions for the language being described.
These redundancy conditions thus function as a set of filters, passing only acceptable matrices; and the set of these acceptable matrices constitutes M(U).
The set M(U), however, is not identical with the set of items found in the lexicon.
We must now relate lexical entries to the matrices in ·M(U).
Since the lexical entries will be incompletely specified matrices whereas the matrices in M(U) are fully specified, it will be the case that every lexical entry will be a submatrix of at least one matrix in M(U).29 We It is obvious that each new redundancy condition will make the set M(U) smaller; if it did not have this consequence, there would be no point in adding it to the grammar.
Moreover, the smaller the set M(U), the smaller, in general, the number of features that will have to be specified in a lexical entry in order to satisfy the condition that it be distinct from all but one matrix in M(U).
Thus, we are able to extend the evaluation measure to the lexicon in a natural way, for we can require that each redundancy condition result in a saving of features in the lexical representations that is larger than the number of features This concludes our discussion of the organization of the lexicon and of the devices required for the statement of regularities in the structure of lexical items.
We shall not state the redundancy conditions for English, since we believe that the above is but an interim solution to the difficulties that have been sketched.
A more adequate solution will require a more radical revision of the conception of phonologythan has been presented in this book, and it is to a brief discussion of this new conception that we devote the final chapter.
Every lexical entry Q must be so specified as to be distinct from all but one fully We call the one matrix in M(U) that is not distinct from Q the systematic phonemic matrix of Q.
Condition (161) is weaker than the requirement (148) that any two lexical matrices must be distinct.
To see this, consider the redundancy condition (150).
This condition admits into M(U) the two matrices of (162) but excludes matrices that have Observe now that the lexical representations (151) are not distinct; however, (15Ia) is We now adopt the convention that a lexical matrix which is incompletely specified is automatically supplied with all features specified in the matrix of M(U) which is the systematic phonemic representation of the lexical entry in question.
In other words, (I5Ia) will be supplied with all the features of (162a), and (15Ib) will be supplied with all the features We must expect to find that certain lexical entries are distinct from all items in M(U).
These are the true exceptions, examples of which in English are such words as pueblo and sthenic, as well as numerous proper nouns and foreign borrowings that have found their way into normal use.
Notice that if the lexicon is subdivided into several major categories (native and foreign, Romance and Germanic, etc.) by diacritic features such as those discussed in Section 7, then differences in the redundancy conditions for these sets can be characterized directly within the framework just outlined by truthfunctional conditions on feature We might handle exceptions in the following way.
Given a set M(U) of fully specifiedmatrices which satisfy the redundancy conditions, we can also consider a set M(U) which is larger than M(U) and satisfies all but one, or several, of the conditions.
If an entry is an exception to a particular condition C, it can be so marked in the lexicon, and this will mean that this entry will have to select its systematic phonemic representation (see the discussion of (161» not from the set M(U), but rather from the larger Of these, an interpretation will be assigned only to (3), (2) being totally meaningless.
The string (3) will be interpreted as (4), which would be written as (5) in the notation that we have A segment specified as [+ F s] is further specified as [F2] when it is followed by a segment specified [+ F 3] at the righthand end of a phrase of the type C3· In this Appendix we shall restate succinctly the formalism used for presenting phonological rules and the schemata that represent them, the interpretation of this formalism, and the system of evaluation that we have proposed.
Our general assumption is that the phonology consists of a linearly ordered sequence of rules that apply to a surface structure in accordance with the principle of the transformational cycle, within the phonological phrase.
Certain of these rules, the rules of word phonology, apply only when the level of a word (as defined in Section 6.2) is reached in the cycle.
Under formal conditions of a highly abstract sort, the relation of disjunctive ordering is assigned to certain pairs of rules.
The sequence of rules is represented by a minimal schema that assigns a value to this sequence and also determines the relationship of disjunctive ordering.
As we have noted, it is a significant fact that the same formal notions are involved in the very different functions of determining an Throughout this book we have been thinking of rules as certain formal expressions to which certain notational operations can be applied, forming schemata.
Continuing along these lines, we can regard rules as expressions built up out of the following primitive elements: The features of (a) are, we propose, those listed in Chapter Seven, Section 2, along with a certain stock of diacritic features. 1 The number N in (b) indicates the maximal degree of differentiation permitted for any linguistic feature.
The categories C1,.•• , C, are provided by the theory of universal grammar; these are the categories sentence, noun phrase, noun, verb, etc., which we assumed to be characterized in a uniform, languageindependent fashion and to be available for any syntactic description.
The zero symbol of (d) is not to be confused with the identity element of the system of concatenation, which we We can form strings from the primitive symbols of (1) by concatenation.
We say that Xl X n and Y = Y1Xl...
YnXnYn+ l (where any of the Y;s may be null).
For example, among the strings that can beformed are (2) and (3), (3) being Technically speaking, the number of diacritic features should be at least as large as the number of rules in the phonology.
Hence, unless there is a bound on the length of a phonology, the set (a) should be unlimited.
There is no point of principle involved here, and to simplify exposition slightly we shall assume the set to be limited by an a priori condition.
A similar comment applies to (lb).
See Chomsky (1965, pp, 115 f.) for some discussion of this matter.
Of the various strings that can be constructed, we are concerned only with those of
6) (a) specifiedfeature: «X, where a is a specification and Xis a feature. (b) unit: aFl~IFjl... ~mFjm where a = + or , ~j is a specification, and F 1F h...
F jmis a substring of Fl F q •
(c) matrix: Xl.,.
X m , where X j is a unit. (d) rule: ZXAYW~ZXBYW, where A and B may be <!> or any unit; A #B; X and Ymay be matrices; Z or Wmay be Cj, for some i; Z, X, Y, Wmay be null; We say that the unit defined in (6b) is composed of the specified features aF1 , (a) features: Fj ,....F, (F l is the feature segment) (c) categories: C l ,... , C, What we have so far defined is simply a linearized version of rules of the form we have beendiscussing all along, the only difference being that we now insist that the feature [segment] be specified in every column (i.e., every unit) of a m~t:ix, and that t~e fea~res in a unit be given in a fixed order, as determined by (la) (a condition that we WIll modifysee p. 397).
Thus (3) is a rule of the form (6d), with Z and XnuU, A = +Fl +Fs, B = +FlF 2, We say that X is contained in Yunder the following condition: X m and Y = Y1...
Ym where X·I and Yj are units and the specified features of which X j is composed constitute a ~ubset of the specified features of which Furthermore, we extend the notion contained so that <!> is contained in e and e is contained We must now explain how a rule applies to a matrix bounded by category symbols, that is to a domain of the sort we have been considering throughout.
Let R be the rule ZXA YW ~ ZXB YW, where Z, X, A, B, Y, Ware as in (6d).
We say that R is applicable to a string D, which is its domain, if D = Cj<Pl 23<P2 Cj, (b) If Z = Ck , then k = i and <PI = Ck , then k = 1 and <P2 = Under these conditions, we say, more explicitly, that R is applicable to D with the analysis Under the same conditions on Rand D, we say that the result of applying R to C j<P!\j!l CO\j!3<j)2Ci> where OJ is determined by \j!2 and B in the following schemata, which are constructed from the symbols that appear in rules and certain auxiliary expressions such as parentheses, braces, variables over integers, and conditions on integers.
We will not define the class of wellformed schemata directly; rather, we will give certain rules of expansion that eliminate auxiliary symbols, and we will then define the wellformed schemata to be the ones that can be expanded, in the manner provided, into a sequence of rules.
For each sequence of rules, there will be some schema that expands into this sequence and that is optimal, in the sense that it contains a minimal number of feature occurrences.
The number of feature occurrences in the optimal schema will be the value of the original sequence of rules.
In this way, each sequence of rules is assigned an integral value, and grammars can be compared with respect to the degree to which they We will now consider strings which contain, in addition to the symbols that appear as primitives in the formulation of rules, the following auxiliary expressions: (b) If B is a unit, then co is a unit containing each specified feature that appears in B and each specified feature <tFj of \j!2 such that F j does not appear in B.
If R is not applicable to D, we say that the result of applying R to D is D itself.
Observe that the result of applying R to D may not be uniquely defined if Z or W is null.
For example, consider the rule A + B and the domain CjAAC j.
As we have defined result of applying, the result of applying this rule to this domain is CjBAC j and it is also CjABC j; but what we want, clearly, is rather the unique result CjBBC j.
The problem is that there are two ways of analyzing CjAAC j in such a way that the rule A + B will apply.
Similarly, suppose that we have the rule A + B j A A (in primitive notation, the rule AAA + ABA) and the domain CjAAAAC j.
Again, result of applying is not uniquely defined since both the second and the third occurrences of A in this domain are in the context AA.
Presumably, here, too, we want the result of applying the rule to affect both of the occurrences of A that are in the appropriate context, even though each forms part of the appropriate context for the other; that is, we want the result of appl~ing the rule to be: To achieve these results, we extend the definition of result of applying in the following way.
Let R be as abovethat is, ZXAYW + ZXBYWand letD be the domain Cj<j)lA1... <j),Am<j)m+1Ci> where for each j::;; m, R is applicable to D with the analysis C j , 01> 02 A j, 03 04 C j(0102 = <j)lA1 ••• <j)j1 Aj1<j)j and 0304 and m is the largest number such that this is true.
Thus A 1,... , Am are the units containing A that are in the context X Yin D, in the obvious sense of this notion.
In this case, we say that the result of applying R to D is the string D formed from D by replacing each A j by coj , where coj is determined by A j and B exactly as co is determined by \j!2 and B The phonological component of a grammar is a sequence of rules of the form just described that apply successively to a certain domain in the manner just indicated, each rule applying to the string resulting from the application of the rules that precede.
Before precisely defining application of a sequence of rules to a surface structure, we must develop the crucial notion of disjunctive ordering.
We will delay this step for a moment, As we have observed several times, the problem of evaluation is basically that of explicating the notion linguistically significant generalization.
We must, in other words, state in a precise way the formal relations among rules that indicate the extent to which rules express such a generalization.
We must then go on to assign a numerical value to a system of rules which directly reflects the degree to which they achieve linguistically significant generalizations.
The general method we have been pursuing is this: we define certain notational transformations that permit rules to be collapsed when they are similar in certain ways and appropriately ordered; we then assign to the system of rules, as its value, the number of features that appear when all notational transformations have applied.
This approach can be made fully explicit in several different ways.
The most straightforward seems to be as follows.
We will consider a certain class of expressions, called parentheses with indices drawn from the set of symbols a1> a2... : ), (al (a •.. expressions of truthfunctional conditions C(ak+1> ak+n), k e: 0, with the predicate =, the constants 0,1, and the variables ak+1.,ak+n;.we separate C ScheIliata will be certain strings consisting of primitive symbols and auxiliary expressions.
All unexpanded schemata are, first of all, of one of the forms of where C is a condition (perhaps vacuous), and X, Y, Zl Z2... contain no occurrences of j or truthfunctional conditions, and X and Y contain no occurrences of .
Furthermore, each Zj is of the form W j W/, where Wi> W/ contain no occurrences of. .
We define the class of wellformed schemata by giving certain expansion conventions: a string that is converted into a sequence of rules by recursive application of the expansion conventions is a wellformed schema.
Before giving these conventions, we define ,Pm) and (q1...,qm) be mtuples of the binary digits 0, 1.
We say ,Pm) precedes (q1.. , qm) if either (i) or (ii) holds: L pj = L qj; there is aj such that Pi = qj for i s i, Pj+1 = 1, and qj+1 = (b) We say that (Pi>. ,Pm) satisfies the truthfunctional condition C(ak + l , ••• , ak+n), m :::; n, if C is either true or of the form <p and \jF, where <p is true and \jF still contains variables, when Pi is substituted for ak+ i in C. (c) If S = X{Z}W: C is a schema, then {Z} is maximal in S unless it is contained within paired braces or paired parentheses, in the obvious sense, or unless (a) Where S(K) is a schema containing the category variable K, S(K) expands into the sequence of schemata S(Cl ) ,... , S(Ct) (Cj,... , C, being the category symbols of (lc)), where S(C i ) is formed by replacing K by Cjin S(K). (b) Where Xl and X 2 are strings (possibly null) containing no occurrences of K and where {Yl ,... , Y m} is maximal in the schema (i), the schema (i) expands into the WX1(Hl Y l)X2...
Xm(ak+m Ym)Xm+l: C(ak+l... , aHn) where Xl... , X m+ l contain no auxiliary expressions, C(ak+l... , aHn) is an expression of (lOd), m :::; n, and W is either null or W Z/, where Z contains no occurrences of ak+i>...,aHn Let N l ,....N, be the mtuples satisfying C in the sense of (12) and ordered in terms of the relation precedes defined in (12).
Where N, = (Pl... ,Pm), form Z, by carrying out the following formal operations (i) if Y j is not a feature, then replace (HJ Y) by null if Pj = and by Y j if (ii) if Y j is a feature, then replace (k+J Y j) by + Yj if Pj = 1 and by Y j if (iv) if the result of (i)(iii) is the schema <p: C, where <p is a rule, then delete :C. s, Then S expands into the sequence of schemata Zl... , Zr (d) If X 3 and X 4 contain no occurrences of / or , and X s is either null or is / X 6 , then the schema (i) expands to (ii):
Perhaps to be replaced by integers at a later stage of expansion, if the schema contains parentheses embedded within other parentheses; see (13c) and example (17).
5 In this case, C will be either a true statement or of the form \jF and C(ak+m+1o.,ak+n) (\jF a true statement).
Notice that there is a leftright asymmetry in our notion of schema which can be eliminated by considering S in the case of Expansion Convention (c) to be the schema: used earlier (i.e., )see Chapter Three, p. 77); where the truthfunctional condition C is vacuous in S and case (ii) of (13c) is excluded, we have the ordinary parenthesis notation of our earlier usage.
No doubt, the class of conditions C of (lOd) can be narrowed considerably, but we will not attempt a further refinement here.
Note, incidentally, that the ordering imposed by (12aii) is quite arbitrary, since we have, at the moment, no relevant examples.
In this and several other cases, then, the formalization is premature.
Case (ii) of Expansion Convention (c) incorporates a generalized version of our use of variables for feature specifications.
For example, the rule (14) of our informal usage would be given as The quadruples that satisfy (15) in this case are (1,1,0,1), (1,0,1,1), (0,1,0,0), (0,0,1,0), in this order of precedence.
Expansion Convention (c), case (ii), thus expands (15) into the sequence of four rules (16): Furthermore.oJExpansion Convention (c) permits conditions on features to be intermingled with conditions on occurrence and nonoccurrence of strings (i.e., it permits our former angled bracket notation to be used to form conditions that also involve variables on features) in a very flexible wayno doubt, in too flexible a way.
To illustrate Expansion Convention (c) further, consider the schema (17), with One application of Expansion Convention (c) to (17) will give the sequence of schemata (IS): Schema (1Sa) is subject to another application of Expansion Convention (c), which gives the If XYZWVPQ, XZVPQ, and P are rules, then we now apply case (iv) of Expansion Convention (c), giving (20) as the full expansion of (17): where (b 1o.•. , bm) is a permutation of (ak+10 ••• , aHm) and everything else remains the same.
With this extension, the class of interpretable schemata broadens in a natural way.
Other extensions are also possible.
For example, we might allow (b 1o •.. ,b m) to be a permutation of a subsequence (ae l , •• • ,aem) of (ak+t, •.. , ak+n), and we might then modify the notion.. satisfy and correspondingly step (iii) of Expansion Convention (c) so that pJ substitutes for aeJ in C(ak+ 1> ••• , aHn) As noted earlier, we have no empirical If the conventions expand the schema Xi to the sequence of schemata Zl will say that these conventions expand the sequence of schemata Xl... , Xi sequence Xl... , X i 1,Zl,..
Zm,Xi + 1 , ••• , XnIf the expansion conventions expand the sequence Xl Xm to Zl Zm and they expand Zl..
Zn to W 1 , ••• , W p , we will say that they expand Xl... , X m to W 1 , ••• , W p • We will say that the schema X is wellformed if it expands to the sequence of rules Y 1 , ••• , Y m; in this case we will say that X  represents Y 1 , ••• , Y m If X goes not expand If Y1 , ••• , Ym is a sequence of rules represented by X and X contains n occurrences of features (i.e., of the symbols F 1 ,... ,Fq) , then X assigns the index n to the sequence Ylo... , Y m.
The optimal index of Y 1 ,... , Y m is the minimal index assigned to it by Finally, we state the empirical hypothesis on rule applications that we proposed Consider first the schema (22), which, by Expansion Convention (13d), expands to In our earlier, informal usage, we employed this device to abbreviate a rule such as (24) with If the schema X is expanded to the sequence of schemata Y1 , •.. , Yn by application of Expansion Convention (c), then for each i, j (i::f j), the rules into which Y i expands (or Y i itself, if Y i is a rule) are disjunctively ordered with respect to the rules into which Y j expands (or Y j itself, if Y j is a rule).
Notice that rules expanded from schemata involving variables for feature specifications are disjunctively ordered, as are rules expanded by the use of the parenthesis and angled bracket notations (generalized as above).
These conventions are what we have been We now have the conceptual apparatus needed to state precisely the way in which a sequence of rules applies to a surface structure.
Given a surface structure :2: and a sequence of rules Xl... , X m we derive a phonetic representation in the following way.
First, find the optimal schema representing Xl X n.7 Define disjunctive ordering among the rules Xl... , X n in accordance with the Ordering Hypothesis (21).
Now find some string in :2: of the form CiWC;, where Wis a matrix.
Call this the string D.
Let D 1 be the result of applying Xl to D (recall that the result of applying a rule to a string is always welldefined).
After having applied (or skipped) the rule Xi to form Db turn to the rule X i+ 1 and apply it to D, to form D i + 1 (as the result of its application to Dj), if Xi+l is not disjunctively ordered with respect to one of the rules that has already applied in this cycle.
If X i + 1 is disjunctively ordered with respect to a rule that has already applied in this cycle, then skip X i + 1 and form D i + 1 = D i • Continue in this way until rule Xn has either been applied or skipped.
At this point, erase the occurrences of C, in D m forming D n + 1 .
This terminates the cycle.
We now begin a new cycle, applying Xl>... , X n to :2:, in just the same way, where E is formed from :2: by replacing Din:2: by D n + 1 • Rules designated as rules of word phonology will be applied when the domain is a word, as defined in Section 6.2.
Continue in this way until the phonological phrase is reached.
Boundaries are now automatically deleted.
At this terminal point, we have a phonetic representationthe phonetic representation associated with :2: by the There are, in fact, several other notational devices that we have used in presenting schemata.
These require additional expansion rules of essentially the sort just given.
Recall that a system is more highly valued as its index, in this sense, is smaller.
We here assume this to be unique; if it is not, the mapping defined by the phonological component might,
In the notation we used earlier, a minimal string of the form Ie•... le•.
In our present system, rule (24) would appear as (26), and would, accordingly, be represented Suppose, however, that the rule in question modifies the value of F 4 as well as F 2 Thus In our present formalism, the rule in question is (29): We have no way to abbreviate this as a schema involving [, .
Thus, if we were to construct (30) (corresponding to (27)), we would find that it expands not to (29) but to (31): X+F 1 +F 2+F4+F3Y+X +F1 F2 F4 +F3Y.But (31) is not wellformed, because of our earlier assumption (see p. 391) that the order.of features in a unit be fixed by (la).
What we need is a trivial modification of our earlier definitions, replacing is a substring of F1 , ••. , F; by is a substring of some permut.ation of Flo... , F/ in the definition (6b) of unit, other definitions being adjusted accordingly.
We must also formalize the convention regarding formative boundary, utilizing for this purpose the parenthesis convention, along the lines outlined in Section 6.1..
Furtherm~re, we must provide the device [X]~, 112 and n numerals, 112 ~ n.
The appropnate expansion convention will replace a schema (32) by the sequence of schemata (33), where XI is the schema X...
X containing i occurrences of X, and XO is null.
The convention that expands (32) must be ordered in its application with respect to the other conventions.
Apparently, it must be last in the ordering.
That is to say, we must impose the condition that Z and W contain no auxiliary expressions in (32).
Thus the string (34) will • • • Cq>... ,.•. q>... ,...
C ••. , •••••• We have, in fact, made use of this convention in presenting rules (see, for example, pp. 7071, Still another notation that must be incorporated is the notation (36), which we have used as an abbreviation for an infinite set of simultaneously applicable schemata (37): The conditions under which this kind of formulation is appropriate are strictly limited. (See p. 344 for some discussion.) Furthermore, since an infinite set is involved, and since there is no ordering among the represented schemata, it would seem appropriate to introduce this device as a primitive notation rather than as an auxiliary expression, and to restate the principle of rule applicability accordingly.
Since we have so few examples to illustrate this device, we leave the matter with no further clarification.
There are a few other conventions in common usefor example, a convention of indexed braces that makes use of (38) as a representation for (39), where n is a numeral: Formalization is straightforward.
It is also necessary to add a provision for rules such as those discussed in Section 5, which are rather similar to transformations in their The devices just outlined should no doubt be restricted in various ways to reduce their expressive power.
For example, we might require that a schema be of the form (40), where A and B are units (or <p), or involve at most parentheses around specified features Other conditions might be suggested.
Such refinements are pointless and arbitrary in the absence of any real linguistic material that would provide crucial, or at least relevant, evidence concerning their correctness.
We emphasize, once again, that the choice of notations is an empirical matter with factual consequences, within the framework just outlined. of the last two classes mentioned, but it is far less natural.
Counterexamples of this sort are quite easy to find.
It would be a mistake to try to eliminate them by a sharper definition of  naturalness that makes use only of formal properties of features and feature specifications, for it is actually the content of the features and not the form of the definition that decides Similar problems can be noted with regard to rules of the grammar.
Compare, for The entire discussion of phonology in this book suffers from a fundamental theoretical inadequacy.
Although we do not know how to remedy it fully, we feel that the outlines of a solution can be sketched, at least in part.
The problem is that our approach to features, to rules, and to evaluation has been overly formal.
Suppose, for example, that we were systematically to interchange features or to replace [aF] by [aF] (where a = +, and F is a feature) throughout our description of English structure.
There is nothing in our account of linguistic theory to indicate that the result would be the description of a system that violates certain principles governing human languages.
To the extent that this is true, we have failed to formulate the principles of linguistic theory, of universal grammar, in a satisfactory manner.
In particular, we have not made any use of the fact that the features have intrinsic content.
By taking this intrinsic content into account, we can, so it appears, achieve a deeper and more satisfying solution to some of the problems of lexical redundancy as well as to many other problems that we have skirted in the exposition.
For example, we have suggested that the naturalness of a class (in the empirically significant sense as discussed in Chapter Eight, Section 1) can be measured in terms of the number of features needed to define it.
Thus the class C of nonvowels (consonants, liquids, and glides) is more natural than the class (C,L) containing the low vowels as well as nonvowels.
Correspondingly, the class C is defined with two features, as the class of segments which are [+consonantal] or [vocalic]; whereas (C,L) has a threefeature definition as the class of segments which are [+ consonantal], [vocalic], or [+ low].
Up to a point this measure gives the desired results, but in many cases it fails completely.
For example, the class of voiced obstruents is, intuitively, more natural than the class of voiced segments (consonant or vowel), but the latter has the simpler definition.
The class of vowels which are the same in backness and rounding (i.e., the class [oback, oroundj) is more natural than the class of vowels which have the same coefficient for the features  low and round (i.e., the class [cdow, oround], which contains [i e i A ze oj): in spite of this the same number of features enters into each characterization.
The class of segments which are [ovocalic, ethigh] has a simpler definition in terms of number of features than either In each of the examples (a)(f), case (i) involves more features than or at least as many features as case (ii); but in each pair case (i) is more to be expected in a grammar than case (ii) and should therefore be simpler in terms of an empirically significant evaluation measure.
In fact, although rules (ai)(fi) are observed in many languages, examples (cii)(fii) (though not (aii) and (bii)) are quite extraordinary despite their simplicity.
Once again, additional examples are easy to construct, and they strongly suggest that the intrinsic content of features and feature specifications must be taken into account in determining the value of a A different type of example is provided by phonological processes which reflect the effects of a coherent system of rules.
Thus, in Tswana (Cole, 1955; see also Fudge, 1967), in position after nasals voiced stops becomes ejectives, nonobstruent continuants become voiceless aspirated plosives, and obstruent continuants become voiceless aspirated affricates.
Cole rightly subsumes these changes under the single heading of strengthening.
In the present framework, however, there is no device available that would allow us to bring out formally the fact that these three processes are somehow related.
The study of lexical redundancy provides a fourth class of examples of the same general sort.
Thus, although a vowel system such as (2) would be more natural, in some For further remarks that have a bearing on this problem see J.
W.
Harris (1967), McCawley (l967a), significant sense, than one such as (3) or (4), our measures of evaluation make no distinction ta~e another example, our evaluation measure makes no distinction between a Ian a e are voiced and one in which all vowels are VOIce anguage III w ich ~bstruent clusters are redundantly voiced and a language in which the are redundantly VOIceless.
But surely one case is much more natural than the th All of these examples, and many others like them, point to the need for ~f the th~~~y toaccomm~date the effects of the intrinsic content of features, to distinguish or natural cases of rules and symbol configurations from others which a unexpected an.d unnatural.
In the linguistically significant sense of the notion com lexity, a rule. that VOIces vowels should not add to the com pI exiity 0 f a grammar but a rule ~~V~IC~Sv~wells should, whereas in the case of obstruents the opposite decision is called for mu ar y, a anguage has a fivevowel system, the rules that determine the confi oot add :0 the complexity of the grammar; rather, the complexity should ese ru es, or at ~ast so~e of them, do not appear in the grammar.
The same is true of the rules and configurations discussed earlier; and it may even be the case that th. ese. ~atters are significant not only for synchronic description but also for historical hn~IsticS.
They do not, however, fall into the theoretical framework that we ha unmarked) and 111 (for marked ), along with + and (see pp. 404, 409).
We then add universal rules of interpretation which systematically replace the symbols u and 111 by the symbols + and _.
Being universal, these rules are not part of a grammar but rather conventions for the interpretation of a grammar; they do not affect the complexity of a grammar, as determined by the evaluation measure, any more than the rules for interpreting ~ or { }.
Assuming that the unmarked value of the feature segment is [segment], a lexical entry that contains only us (that is, the simplest lexical entry) will be phonologically vacuous; it will contain no segments.
If a lexical entry is nonvacuousi.e., contains segmentsthe universal interpretive conventions will assign to it a particular phonological structure in terms of + and entries.
The complexity of the lexical item will depend on the number of features that are not left unmarked in its matrix representation; each such marked entry will distinguish the item from the neutral, simplest lexical item.
Adding an item to the lexicon, in this sense, is a matter of distinguishing the item from the neutral case, and from the other items already incorporated in the lexicon, by a minimal number of marked For instance, let us imagine a language in which lexical items are all one segment long.
If such a language has a lexicon of two items, these can be distinguished from each other by markingspecifying 111 forsome one feature in one item; in the other item there will be no marked feature, except, of course, for the feature segment.
If the language has a lexicon of three items, another feature will have to be marked.
The lexicon will then consist If a fourth item is added to the lexicon, there will have to be another marked feature in its lexical representation, and so on.
Since unmarked features do not add to the complexity of a grammar, there is no point in allowing unspecified features in the lexicon.
In this way, the conception of markedness resolves the difficulties with regard to unspecified features that
Certain aspects of this general problem can be dealt with if e. way, and If we then revise the evaluation measure so that unma k d I d Y. omp eXI y: s a rst step, suppose that we take the specifications in a matrix a constitutes a lexical entry to be not + ,.0 as III A great many of the problems discussed in this cha Pter Prague Circle, notably Trubetzkoy and JakObson Af~ere rst In.v~stlgated by the phonologists of the problems was not continued, largely because it seemed i er a promlsmg start, the exploration of these that stemmed from the taxonomic view of linguistics w:::~~~lblel~o surm?unt the conceptual difficu.lties The attempts to break out of the confines of thi. (1936a, 1936b),elicited little positive response a:dv~~w, ~hICh. can be seen In studies such as Trubetzkoy the notion of markedness is hardly mentioned in the m~s noI l~terleli~t among contemporary workers, and We now turn to the interpretive conventions, which we shall also refer to as marking conventions.
Consider the set given as (6) on pages 404407.
As a :first approximation, which will later be somewhat refined, we may think of each rule of (6) as analogous to a phonological rule, except that each schema [uF] ~ [aF] / xY (where rt = + or , and X and Y may be null) is interpreted as a pair of rules, the first of which replaces [uF] by [aF] in the context XY and the second of which replaces [mF] by [aF] (where __ = + and _ + = ) in the context XY.
Let us also assume that the leftmost and (the formative boundary).
The interpretive conrightmost unit of each lexical entry is ventions can therefore be viewed as a fiXed way of interpreting a given lexical matrix.
Whenever the normal (unmarked) interpretation is not to apply, i.e., when instead of the expected [rtF], [_ rtF] is required, a special symbol must appear in the matrix, and it is natural that the symbol that blocks the expected interpretation should increase the complexity of the description.
Observe, moreover, that the interpretive conventions have been defined so as to supply + or not only for [uF], but also for [mF].4 It turns out, however, that in certain contexts (see (6X) and accompanying discussion) it is not possible to specify the value of the unmarked feature (and hence also of the marked feature) by a universal convention.
In these cases the value will be specified directly in the lexical representation.
Such a directly specified feature will be viewed as increasing the complexity of the description to the same extent as a feature that has the coefficient m; thus only unmarked features add nothing to the complexity.
Finally, there are cases where the coefficient of a feature is determined by the universal constraints on feature combinations; for instance, it is impossible, by definition, ~;hJ.
To reflect this fact in our framework, we utilize conventions such as (6VII) and (6IX), which specify the coefficient of a given feature regardless of whether or not it has been marked for that feature.
This is but another way of expressing the fact that the feature in question is not subject to marking and will therefore always A major difference between the Praguian conception of markedness and our own is that in the former the marked coefficient of a feature was assumed always to be + and the unmarked coefficient always .
This severe restriction limited the usefulness of the markedness notion and was one of the reasons for the failure of the earlier attempt to apply it.
It should be noted that this restriction loses force unless it is coupled with the assumption of a fixed set of phonological features so that it is impossible to replace in the description of a particular language a given feature by its complementfor example, the feature.. tense by.. lax,.. voice. by.. voicelessness, or.. rounding by unroundedness.
Without this further assumption, the proposal concerning the relationship between marked and positively specified features is weakened, but it is stilI stronger than the position taken here since it does not permit the marked value of a particular feature to depend on a particular context. applies, no low vowels will be unmarked for the feature ifies the feature back for low vowels.
It should be noted that ification of back for the nonlow vowels.
It follows rom th t in nonlow vowels the feature back will have to be specified as + or ill resul re oresentations or in other words, will not remain unmarked.
We shall see t~at as a r~su t to  th f ature back in the nonlow vowels will not be subject to various further conditions imposed on features that appear as marked or unmar e ill eXIC Let us assume that these conventions are applied to a given lexical item L in the following way.
We proceed through the conventions (I)(IV) in order, applying those that are applicable.
We then return to convention (I) and proceed through conventions (II), (III), and (IV) again, in the given order.
We continue in this way until none of the four conventions is applicable.
We then proceed to conventions (V)(XXXIX) and apply these in order, each convention being applied only once.
Conventions (I)(IV), which express the universal constraints on syllable structure, thus differ from the other marking conventions not only in their content but also in the principles governing their application.
Given a complete set of conventions, the matrix representing L will contain only + and entries once the entire set of conventions has been systematically applied.
The conventions of (6) embody certain empirical assumptions about the value of grammars.
Convention (I) asserts that short lexical items are simpler than long ones.
We could sharpen this convention to provide for the fact that lexical entries consisting of a single formative are simpler than those containing more than one formative (for example, worship is simpler than permit /p Vr = mit/), but we omit this qualification here.
Conventions (II) and (III) deal with the major categories true consonant, vowel, glide, liquid.
They will interpret initial segments as follows: the configuration [u consonantal, u vocalic] will be a true consonant; [m consonantal, m vocalic], a vowel; [m consonantal, u vocalic], a glide; and [u consonantal, m vocalic], a liquid.
Thus in initial position the conventions select true consonants as the unmarked segments, vowels as the fully marked segments, and glides and liquids as intermediate in complexity.
After a consonant, vowels are fully unmarked and glides fully marked.
After a vowel, true consonants are fully unmarked and vowels fully marked.
We might easily extend these rules to distinguish additional cases.
Convention (IV) specifies that [ + vocalic] segments are sonorants.
This convention differs from the preceding three in that it does not involve marking at all.
It is to be interpreted as applying regardless of marking: all vocalic segments are sonorants.
Since we always select the least complex lexicon, the feature sonorant will therefore never be Conventions (V)(XII) apply to vowels only, and the following comments concerning Convention (V) contains an incomplete listing of all features that are not available Convention (VI) specifies that the vowel unmarked for the feature low is [ + low] if the vowel is also unmarked for the features back and round; otherwise it is [ low].
Conventions (VII) and (IX) reflect the fact that there can be no segments that are [ + low. rven t e ISCUSSIOn up to t IS point, It may appear t at one 0 t ese two conventions is redundant.
However, we shall see that this is not the case when we examine the function of the marking conventions in the interpretation of phonological rules (Section 4).
Convention (VIII) characterizes the feature high in nonlow vowels.
The restriction need not be stated explicitly in the marking convention since at the point at which (VIII) cifies round for low and nonlow vowels.
In nonlow vowe s  b k and round have the same coefficient If the vowel IS u roun , e (XII) IS the first of a set of conventions that specify the values for. e remaining features.
Since we have not investigated these conventions ill any eta ,we s a
Observe now the effects of these conventions on the representatIOn of vowel syst~ms.
(V)(XII) of the correct feature specifications for the vowels ill icate .
As noted previously, a vowel system such as (2) (p. 402) is simpler in some si~c~nt sense than either (3) or (4).
Suppose that the complexity of a system IS defined as ill (8).
The complexity of a system is equal to the sum of the marked feature~ of its members.
The s stem /a i u e 0/ of (2) will then have a complexity of six; the ~ystem /1 u e ore/ of (3), a com lexity of eight; and the system /U i A ce a/ of (4), a complexity ~f ten.
We can therefore say that (2) is less complex than either (3) or (4).
On the. same baSIS we can say that the threevowel system /a i u/ is the simplest possible, a conclusion that seems to be supported bits redominance over other threevowel systems in the language~ o~ the world.. pDefinition (8), however, is hardly adequate in itself ~s a principle for selecting the tern There are no doubt overriding considerations of symmetry and feature hierarchy that must be brought to bear in establishing w at co.nsl I es an 10 ical system.
This becomes quite apparent when one examines fivevowel. systems.!he simplest such system will certainly contain /a i u]; but given (8) as the only baSIS of selectIo~, the choice of any two of the vowels Ire ;) e 0 U i/ will lead ~o an equally comp~ex system.
This surely is incorrect; the conventions sh02ld select /a I u e 0/ as the optimal fivevowel een the two situations is somewhat similar to the one that Trubetzkoy (1958, ~.?7) The difference betw di tl guishing between privative and equipollent oppositions and by restricting achieve the de.sired result, we propose the following two general conditions on ~o vowel se~ent can be marked for the feature round unless some vowel segment O:her things being equal, a system in which more features have only the specification
IS preferable to a system in which fewer features have only the specification u.
C~ndition (9) establishes a hierarchy in the availability of features for marking vowels 1~ the leX1~on.
T?ere are doubtless other conditions of this sort.
Thus one would expect a hierarchy ill which the feature segment is above consonantal and vocalic, and the latter tw~ are above the features listed in (7).
Incidentally, it appears to us that the ~rope;, extension of (9) w~uld make the availability for marking of the features high and low depend ~n the prior marking of the feature back, resulting in the hierarchi I propo~ed extension is incorporated into the theory, it will make the same choices in the cases re~lewed as the co~plexity.measure (8).
This, however, does not render the latter superfluous. ~s we shall see ill the discussion of consonant systems, all other things being eq.u.al., there IS a clear preference for systems utilizing less complex segments over those Condition (l~) builds into our framework a symmetry condition of the sort that has often been mentioned i~ the literature.
The condition asserts that one should minimize the number of fea~res aV~Ilable for distinguishing lexical items.
Given conditions (9) and
(10), the system la 1 u e 01 IS the optimal fivevowel system, as desired.
Furth~r modific~tions are required, however.
In this regard, consider fourvowel systems.
Again, the optimal s~stem must contain la i u].
The fourth vowel must be selected from among those of complexity 2 if the total complexity is to be minimized.
By convention (9) the fourth vowel cannot be marked for the feature round u I SI~.C~ none. of la i u] is marked for the latter.
This consideration rules out the choices 10) u II, leaving Ire e 01 as possibilities.
Neither condition (10) (which in this case allows the fourth vowel to be any vowel marked for back a d proposed extension (1 I) of condition (9) supplies any reason for making ee possi 1 ities.
Howe:,er, it does not seem implausible that there is an optimal fourvowel sy~temnamely, la 1 u rei; there should, then, be a principled way of selecting it
There are.van~us means by which this result could be achieved.
For instance parallel t. (10) we mIgh: Impose a symmetry condition on systems which would be ;xpressed i~ terms of s~e~Ified feature~ rather than in terms of markedness.
This would be our analo to the traditional c?nCeptIOn of filling holes in the phonological pattern.
We shall no~ atten:pt to state thIS. alternative formally, however, since we do not feel that we have a sufficienr understa~dmg of the; empirical issues involved; in particular, we are not certain that the system la 1 u re.1 occupies the privileged position that we have suggested it does Let us now clanfy the empirical content of the various assumptions sketched above, Our general theory of evaluation leads to certain conclusions, on syntactic and phonological grounds, about the optimal set of inputs to the phonological component.
Suppose that these considerations have led to the conclusion that for a given language this optimal set involves an nvowel system.
We want to know just how complex this nvowel system is.
Let us assume that the lexical entries must be represented in terms of the optimal nvowel system (or one such, if there are several) as defined by conventions of the sort we have just been considering.
Then the language must contain certain redundancy rules converting the optimally represented matrices into those required for the phonological rules.
The complexity of these rules, measured in accordance with the system of evaluation outlined in the Appendix to Chapter Eight, is the measure of the complexity of this language with respect to its vocalic system.
Similar considerations will determine the complexity of the lexical system in general.
The simplest language with a fivevowel system will have the set la i u e 01 as the input to the phonological component; thus it will have no phonological We would expect, naturally, that systems which are simpler, in this sense, will be more generally found among the languages of the world, will be more likely to develop through historical change, etc.
In fact, the hierarchy that we have so far established seems roughly in harmony with the results of studies of a great variety of vowel systems. (See, for example, the review of vowel systems given in Trubetzkoy (1958, Chapter IV, sec. 3).) Further refinements will no doubt be necessary, but they seem to us premature at this point It must be emphasized that what we are discussing here is only one aspect of the evaluation of a lexicon, and, in principle, this aspect cannot be developed in isolation.
For example, it might be possible to select either an nvowel or an n+ lvowel system for a lexicon, consistent with certain assumptions about the phonological rules, in such a way that the nvowel set is less optimal in the category of nvowel systems than the n+ lvowel set is in the category of n+ lvowel systems.
A method must be developed for weighing the extra complexity inherent in a larger inventory of segments against the advantages of having a more nearly optimal lexical system.
There are many other questions of this sort, but we are not yet in a position to propose answers for them here.
Returning now to our discussion of the marking conventions (6), we consider briefly cases (XlII)(XXVII), which apply to true consonants only.
Most of these are either selfexplanatory or can best be discussed when we examine the manner in which consonants are represented in the lexicon.
There are a few matters, however, that can be clarified at this point.
We note, first of all, that conventions (XVII) and (XIX) are identical with conventions (VII) and (IX), respectively.
These conventions are repeated in (6) for expository reasons only.
Furthermore, it is important to draw attention to the fact that the order in which the different features are specified in consonants agrees with that obtaining in the vowel system as far as comparable features are concerned.
This is surely no accident, but unfortunately its full significance cannot be brought out, ~iven the present rudimentary state of our understanding of the marking conventions.
As in the case of vowels, the environments in which the marking conventions apply may be expressed in terms of marked and unmarked features, as well as in terms of features specified as + or .
The ordering of the conventions plays a crucial role, as already noted.
It is for this reaso~ that the environments must be specified in the two ways just mentioned.
Note that convention (XXIla) will never find application in interpreting a matrix given in terms?f mar~ed and unmarked features.
The reason is to be found in the specification [econtlnuant] m the context of the convention.
Recall that cr is a variable ranging over + and and not. over m a~d u.
Note further that the feature continuant is not specified for + or until. convention.(XXIV).
Hence, at the point at which (XXIla) becomes applicable as. a marking convention, there will be no segment which is [ocontinuant], i.e., [±contmuant].
W,e shall see later (in the discussion of (42), p. 429) that convention (XXIla) plays a very special role in the functioning of the marking conventions.
The feature continuant is contextually determined (see (XXIV)).
In initial position ~efore a con~?nan~, ~e. consonant that is [u continuant] is interpreted as [+continuant]; m othe~ pOSItIOns It IS mterpreted as [continuant].
In other words, the unmarked consonant m preconsonantal position is a continuant, whereas elsewhere it is a stop.
It will ~e.recalled ~at conventions (II) and (III) are also dependent on the phonological characterIStI~S of adjacent segments.
Convention (XXIVa), however, will not be assumed to be subject to the special principles of application that were imposed in the case of conventions Conventio~s (XXVI) and (XXVII) interpret the unmarked palatoalveolar conson~nt as an ~~ncate but the unmarked consonants in all other points of articulation as pIOSIV~S..
Additional conventions not given here specify the values for tenseness glottal In (l~) the major types of consonantal segments are given with the markings imposed by convent:ons (6XIIIXXVII).
The blank boxes represent unmarked features, i.e., features which are to be taken as having the specification u. m + + + e.symbol It,1 represents a palatalized [t], WI a velarized [t] It I a palato I I Jones, 1956b, fig. 28, p. 46), IkrJ a palatal plosive(IPA ~), :md /q/ a ph:;~e~~ ~p~lic~tion of the marking conventions (6XIIIXXVII) to (12) yields the full s ecified A difference between (12) and the analogous representation for vowels (7) is that while there is an unmarked vowel, there is no unmarked consonant.
A few words should be said about the reasons for this disparity.
In view of the fact that the unmarked nasal must be Inl and the unmarked continuant lsi, the unmarked plosiveif there were to be onewould have to be It/.
This conclusion, however, seems unacceptable to us; in particular, the choice of the dental over the labial plosive appears incorrect.
Furthermore, if the dental plosive is taken as unmarked, then dental plosives with supplementary feature each.
As a result, the supplementary articulations of these consonants will have a different status, formally, from those of all other consonants.
Finally, as will be seen in Section 4, some of the marking conventions also playa role in the interpretation of phonological rules.
The formulation of convention (XXIIIc), which is forced upon us if unmarked consonants are not to be admitted, prevents this convention from affecting the phonological rules and restricts it to serving only in the interpretation of lexical items.
As far as we can tell at the present stage of our knowledge, this restriction has the correct effects As can be seen in (12), there are, therefore, five consonants, Ip t k s is], that are marked for just one feature.
It is significant that these five consonants are rarely absent in the phonological system of a language.
Trubetzkoy (1958, p. 135) notes that languages without apicals (dentals) are unknown to him, and that languages without velars and labials are extremely rare.
He cites certain Slovene dialects as lacking velars; but this is, at most, a lowlevel phonetic fact, since the lexical representations of Slovene dialects, as of all Slavic languages, will clearly require velars.
Tlingit is cited as the only language without labials.
However, Jakobson (1940, pp. 35758) notes that the absence of labials in the speech of women in a few Central African languages is caused by the ritualistic mutilation of the lips, and such mutilation also occurs among the Tlingit, where both men and women wear labrets.
The dental continuant lsi is equally common.
Trubetzkoy lists only Eastern Nuer of the Egyptian Sudan as lacking this sound.
Jakobson (1940, p. 360) cites P.
Schmidt as his source for the absence of this sound in a series of Australian, Tasmanian, Melanesian, Polynesian, African, and South American languages, and notes that in Karakalpak and Tamil fricatives appear only as combinatory variants of the stops.
But such cases are obviously unusual.
Finally, the absence of nasals is as uncommon among the languages of the world as is the absence of the other typ€s of sounds just reviewed.
Hockett (1955, p. 119) cites Quileute, Duwamish, Snoqualmie, and probably also... a few other southern Coast Salishan dialects, as lacking nasal consonants altogether.
He reports, moreover, that languages with but a single nasal have an Inl, and usually have no labial consonant at all.
It was observed previously that the least marked segment, given the conventions separate lexical entry it may be marked as a vowel as well.
Lexical entries consisting of more than one segment will, by conventions (II) and (III), have the form CVCVCV... , where C is a true consonant, unless further marked.
Each of the consonants may be one of the five belonging to the basic set [p t k s n] in the simplest possible lexical entry.
Thus, we have outlined here, is the vowel [e], which in many contexts requires only the lexical marking [m segment].
AIl other segments will require additional markings.
In accordance with (7) and (12), there are two vowels, Ii u], and five consonants, Ip t k s sx], that require only a single marking in addition to [m segment].
These eight sounds constitute, as it were, the minimal phonetic inventory available to a language.
While many details must remain open for the present, it seems to us that the conception of a basic phonetic inventory and the Given the theory of markedness as developed up to this point, the complexity of a specific phonological patternan inventory of segmentsis related to the sum of the complexities of the individual segments.
However, we have already noted with regard to vowel systems (see pp. 409410) that certain systematic properties such as symmetry (in some sense that has yet to be made precise) must also playa role in determining complexity.
This is true in the case of consonant systems as well.
Thus, if the complexity of a system were merely the sum of the markedness values of its elements, a phonological system containing the five basic consonants Ip t k s nl and the voiced obstruents Ib d g 21 would be as complex as a system which contained the five basic consonants and Ib c x f/, each of which requires only one additional marking beyond that of the basic set.
But this is surely incorrect.
Such conventions as those proposed for vowel systems (see (9) and (10)) might provide the correct results in this case, but our understanding of the situation is too rudimentary for a Conventions (XXVIII)(XXXIV) apply to liquids.
It should be noted that in view of conventions (II) and (III) vowels and consonants may be unmarked for both the features vocalic and consonantal in certain positions.
However, this is not true for the liquids and the glides; these will always have to be marked for at least one of the two features.
Convention (XXVIII) supplies the features that are phonetically fixed for liquids: liquids are sonorant, nonnasal, etc.
Conventions (XXIX) and (XXXI) specify that the unmarked liquid is a dental.
Convention (XXX) rules out labial liquids and convention (XXXII) excludes lateral uvulars.
Conventions (XXXIII) and (XXXIV) specify that the unmarked coronal liquid is lateral (i.e., 11/ rather than Ir/) and continuant.
Conventions (XXXV)(XXXIX) are a few of the conventions that apply to the glides.
Convention (XXXV) specifies that glides are sonorant, nonanterior, noncoronal, These conventions are quite similar to the vowel conventions except that noncontinuant glides are permitted.
It may also be noted that the conventions as given here admit both high and nonhigh glides.
They therefore provide a slot for the glide lEI, for which we found some evidence in English (see Chapters Three and Four).
Note finally that, as in the vowel system, backness is specified by the marking conventions only for the low glides,
Ih?I.
Among the nonlow glides the feature back is always marked.
Let us now consider the consequences for lexical representation of a system of interpretive conventions such as (6).
The least complex lexical entry will be the singlesegment entry [e], which in this case will have but one marked feature, [m segment]; when it is not a To consider a real example, the English word stun would be represented in the lexicon The conventions of (6) (plus a few other straightforward conventions) will then apply to As already observed, the problems connected with the appearance of unspecified features in lexical matrices alongside of features specified + and (see Section 8 of Chapter Ei ht) will no longer arise, since all matrices are now fully specified at all times.
Notice, moreover, that many redundancy rules that were necessary in the earlier version of the theory are now replaced by universal conventions and can therefore be dispensed with in grammars of individual languages.
For example, convention (V) specifies that all vowels are nonanterior, nonstrident, etc.; this is now no longer presented as a fact specific to English but rather as a universal convention for interpreting grammars.
The same is true of the conventions that, unlike (V), are not absolute but that assign segments and phonological systems to a hierarchy of complexity.
The interpretive conventions are the major devices for expressing the various interdependencies among features.
They express in a natural way both the fact that certain feature complexes are impossible «(V), for example) and the fact that certain feature combinations are less complex than others «(X), for example, which indicates that among the low vowels, the back vowels are less complex than their nonback counterparts, except under the conditions discussed on page 410).
The interpretive conventions state not only constraints on feature combinations within segments, but also constraints on segment sequences.
Thus convention (XXIV) eliminates the necessity for a redundancy rule in English stating that in initial preconsonantal position the only admitted consonant is lsi.
A consonant in this position may now be totally unmarked, as in (14), and the proper feature values will be supplied by the universal Some languagespecific redundancy rules remain, of coursefor example, those that introduce truly idiosyncratic properties such as [rule n] in certain contexts.
Furthermore, if our analysis of English is correct, there will be several redundancy rules that are specific to English.
The rules that determine the distribution of /0/ and /a/ in lexical entries (see Chapter Four) provide one example.
For the most part, however, those redundancy rules that have any wide applicability in the grammar are simply eliminated in favor of Although the replacement of particular rules by general conventions is, if tenable, an obvious step forward, there is one difficulty that arises from this new conception of redundancy.
In the earlier version, we were able to make a distinction between phonologically admissible and phonologically inadmissible matrices in terms of the redundancy rules.
Thus we had a threeway distinction among such items as /brik/ (in the lexicon), /blik/ (accidental gap), and /bnik/ (inadmissible).
The accidental gaps were the items that did not appear in the lexicon but were not ruled out by the redundancy rules.
Now that we have eliminated most redundancy rules, the category of  accidental gaps is no longer defined Before we turn to this new problem, we should note that the discussion of accidental gaps, both in our comments in Section 8 of Chapter Eight and in all of the recent literature on the subject, has been oversimplified in one important respect.
It is not true that potential lexical items are simply divided into the three categories just mentioned: occurring, accidental gaps, and inadmissible.
Items that do not appear in the lexicon differ strikingly in their degree of admissibility.i Thus the matrices /bnik/ and /bnzk/ are both inadmissible in English, but the difference between them is at least as linguistically significant as the difference between these two matrices and /brik/, /blik/.
Hence a real solution to the problem of  admissibility will not simply define a tripartite categorization of occurring, accidental gap, and inadmissible, but will define the degree of admissibility of each potential Furthermore, in any real grammar, the lexicon will actually contain certain items that are inadmissible.
In English, for example, there are items such as Tlingit, tsetse, kook.
There are also words such as sphere, sphincter, which violate restrictions on initial clusters, and adze, smaragd, which violate restrictions on final clusters, etc.
We return to this matter directly. (See note 7.) lexical matrix in such a way as to distinguish /blik/ from /bnik/, and /bnik/ from /bnzk/, and < Given a lexicon L, which determines a set of interpreted lexical matnce~ of the form (15), we can define the distanee  from L of a lexical matrix II in the following way.
Let us say that rule (16) distinguishes Il from L if (16) does not change any member of L (i.e., given vs L, either (16) is inapplicable to v or it leaves v un~Itered) but (1~.does cha~ge u; and furthermore, (16) is minimal in that any other rule meeting these conditions contains at least as many features F specified [+ F] or [F] as does (16): Let us define the distance of Il from L as l/n, where n is the number of features sp.ecified ~s [+ F] or [F] in a rule that distinguishes Il from L in.this s~n~e.
Where the distance IS undefined in this way (there being no such rule), let us say that It IS zero. .
For example, let L be the lexicon of English and consider th~ distance.of /brik/, /blik/, /bnik/, /bnzk/ from L.
The distance ~f /brik/ fro:m L is ~ero since ~h~re IS no r~le distinguishing it from L.
The distance of /blIk/ from L IS 1/17 since the ~mmal rule d.IStinguishing /blik/ from L is (17), which has 17 specified features.
The distanc: of /br:nc/ from L is 1/5, since the distinguishing rule is (18).
The distance of /bnzk/ from L IS 1/4 since In short to determine the distance of a matrix Il from L, we find the simplest rule which is true of L, in the obvious sense, but not true of Il, and we take the distance of u from L to be inversely related to the complexity of this rule.
This measure of distance can be refined in various ways.
For example, certain distinguishing rules may be universal and may be taken as defining an absolute rmaximal  distance; e can take.i?to acco~nt the natural hierarchy of features discussed on page 410 and consider the position of X m (16) in this hierarchy in determining distance, etc.
Furthermore, we can assign special status to rules that make use of natural envir0Df,1ents, such as initial cluster, vocalic nucleus, etc.
Without going into these and other refinements, however, it is clear even fr~m ~he very simple examples given that an interesting and linguistically significant charactenzatIO? of degree of phonological admissibility can be given in quite general terms, even If grammars contain no redundancy rules.
We feel, therefore, that the pro?osed m~asure.of distance is an improvement over the tripartite categorization that was discussed in earlier treatments of this problem, although it still falls short of providing a fully adequate explication of phonological admissibility.
Notice that this approach to phonological admissibility leads to certain asymmetries that should be studied further.
For example, we need no redundancy rule to account for the unvoicing of clusters in English.
Consonant clusters in lexical entries will simply not be marked for voicing, and a marking convention will specify that all obstruents unmarked for voicing are unvoiced.
In other words, the lexicon of English will be the simplest possible, in this respect.
Items with voiced clusters will be at a certain distance from the lexicon, as indicated in the preceding discussion.
But consider a language in which all clusters are voiced in the lexicon.
If we are correct in our general assumption that [voice] is the unmarked value of voicing for obstruents, then in this language it will be necessary to add a rule that voices obstruents in clusters.
Whereas in English an item with a voiced cluster violates no rules but is only semiadmissible on very general grounds, in this hypothetical language an unvoiced cluster will violate a rule of the phonology and will therefore be an exception of a very different sort.
In fact, it will have to be characterized by a feature of the type [rule n].
We would therefore expect that in such a case clusterunvoicing would, in general, be a property of formatives rather than of individual clusters.
We have no examples at hand to suggest whether this interpretation of these phenomena is correct or incorrect, but the problem is quite clear, and it should be possible to find crucial examples.
Let us turn now to some of the other consequences of the approach to redundancy In Chapter Four, Section 2.2, we discussed the fact that in English a vowel becomes lax before a consonant cluster within the same formative unless the cluster in question consists of dental consonants.
Thus we cannot have formatives such as *[duwkt] or [taypt], but we can have hoist.find, etc.
We accounted for this fact by a readjustment rule, which we repeat here as (20), that excludes certain vowels from the application of the laxing The analogy between degree of phonological admissibility and degree of grammaticalness is obvious.
Just as certain sentences that are semigrammatical can find a more natural use than others that are fully grammatical (e.g., many common metaphors), so, analogously, we expect to find certain items in a lexicon that depart from the regularities of that lexicon and, correspondingly, depart from phonological admissibility.
In defining the degree of deviation of a sentence from a corpus or an item from a lexicon, we must therefore provide for semigrammaticalness of occurring items; we might, for example, define the distance of an item from a normalized set (lexicon or corpus) from which certain items are systematically excluded.
List frequency of exceptions, in the lexicon, would therefore be a felevant factor in determining degree of admissibility.
The problems are nontrivial, but various approaches can be suggested. 8 As noted in Chapter Three, Section 16, there are a few exceptions to this generalization.
The words listed there will, as a group, be phonologically deviant.
As pointed out in the preceding note, the question of how list frequency of certain configurations in the lexicon should be introduced into considerations of admissibility is not trivial, but there is little doubt that such considerations are necessary.
If a measure is precisely defined, it will,of course, make sharp distinctions, many of which will not be independently motivated.
Such distinctions, then, will be motivated only indirectly, in terms of the plausibility of the general metric and, ultimately, the empirical considerations on which it is based.
Clearly, the lack of independent motivation for the sharp distinctions themselves provides no evidence one way or another for the proposed measure of evaluation.
We mention this because there has been much confusion and idle controversy over the matter.
For example, it has been maintained that the theory of admissibility discussed on pages 381 f., which defined a tripartite division into occurring, admissible, and inadmissible, was illconceived because the addition of one item to the lexicon might well imply a redistribution of matrices among these three categories.
As noted, we now feel that this theory must be abandoned, for other reasons; but surely the objection just mentioned has noforce whatsoever.
It is simply an objection to precision in the development of a procedure of evaluation for grammars.
9 We actually extended the exception slightlyesee page 241, note 2but this is not relevant here.
Although we did not discuss the matter in Chapter Four, ~ere is a certain difficuI~ in the application of this rule.
In order for it to app~y correctly m ~orms such as find, jamt,. etc., it is necessary for Inl to be specified as dental (i.e., as [+ antenor, + coronal]) at the point of application of (20), that is, in the lexicon.
Notice, however, that the wellknown rule of. il tion with respect to point of articulation applies to nasals before stops.
Thus we have en] in lint, wind; em] in lamp, ramble; [I)] in sink, mingle.
Consequently n~~a s m.t ,~ position should appear in the lexicon as unspecified with res~ect to the.fean::es antenor al Furthermore, the rule that assimilates point of articulation must be relatively late rule of the phonology, occurring after the stress rules, since it involves,positlOn of stress. (Compare Concord [kiil)kard]concordance [kankordans]; congress [kal)gras]congressional [kangresanal]; etc.) This problem could not really be solved within the fran:ework that was pre,~uppose~ previously.
It would have been necessary to specify Inl fully in the cont~xt. dent~l, while leaving Inl in other prestop contexts unspecified with respect to point of artlcu~atl~n.
The general assimilation rule would then apply to all nasals befor~ s.tops, but application would be vacuous in the predental position.
Now, however, WIthin the. framework of conventions (6), this difficulty is resolved in a straightforward way. ~asals WIll ~e unmarked before stops, as required, and will be specified as Inl by the marking.conventIOns (XXIIb) d (XXIlIc) which realize unmarked nasal consonants as [+antenor] and [+coronal]. ~~e late pho~ological rule that determines the point of articulation o~ nasals before stops re~ains as before, but the fact that nasals must be specified as dental in order for rule (20) to apply properly no longer involves an unmotivated cost in complexity.
Supporting evidence for this approach comes. from another property of pomt.ofarticulation assimilation of nasals before stops.
Consider words such as congress:c~ngl.es­ sional in which [I)] alternates with en].
As was just noted, the application of the ~~smuI~tIO~ d ends on stress.
Thus, in congress there is assimilation of the features antenor and coronal from the velar stop to the preceding nasal, but not m congresstonat. n · [+ anteriOr] Obviously then the neutral position for nasals is latter f orm t h e nasa I IS + coronaI .
In introducing the discussion in this chapter, we noted that certain rules are more ~Iau~ible than others, although the distinction cannot be made in purely formal terms.
Thu~, III either nic or diachronic description one might expect such rules as those of (It), but the corresponding rules of (Iii) are somewhat less natural ~a~d, i? some cases, quite impossi e.
We now have machinery for making some of these distinctions.
Thus from the point of view of our earlier discussion, the spel1i~g sil/~, ~il/g is no more natural.th;n.would be the spelling simk, simg for these words.
It might be possible, mCld~n!allY, to dev~lop an 10 • ependent test of the linguistically motivated decisions as to marking by exarrumng ~he relative ease With which alternative spel1ing conventions, in such cases as these, can be learned by children.
We wish to account for the facts shown in (23):12 Suppose that the phonology contains the rule (21) and that one of the universal marking conventions is (22), where a., ~ = + or , Y, Z, Q, W may be null, and the feature Suppose that we were now to say that when a rule and a convention are formally related as are (21) and (22), they are linked.
We will interpret such linkage in the following Of interest in the following discussion will be the interpretive conventions (XIX)(XXVll), which for the readers convenience we reproduce here as (24) (omitting (XXI), which is manner.
When rule (21) applies to a segment containing X in the context Y [ ; ] Z, it assigns to this segment the feature specification [a.F] in the usual way.
If, furthermore, the segment to which (21) has applied meets the condition W of (22), then the feature specification [~G] is automatically assigned to that segment.
In order to prevent the assignment of [~G], rule (21) will have to be made more complex in some way.
The natural proposal is to stipulate that linkage of (21), (22) is blocked if (21) is revised with [rxF, yG] replacing [rxF].
Thus, given the convention (22), a process that rewrites X as [rxF, fiG] is more plausible, more highly valued in the grammar, than an otherwise identical process that rewrites X as [rxF]; the latter rule will be more complex in that it will have to mention G to the right of the arrow.
We are thus making the very strong empirical claim that the marking conventions, which were established for an entirely different purpose, contribute significantly to determining the concept rule plausibility.
It is readily seen that marking conventions such as (6XXa, b), where the context W includes features that are specified in terms of the values u or m, can never serve as linking rules, since the conditions on the linking of rules and conventions will never be satisfied.
Moreover, conventions such as (6XVI), which specify the unmarked value of the feature independently of context, will not function as linking rules.
On the other hand, conventions such as (XXIIa) will function only as linking rules.
We have expressed this fact by including [rxcontinuant] in the environment of this convention.
As noted above, since a. is a variable ranging over + and only, (XXIIa) cannot apply as a marking convention because no segment will be specified [±continuant] at the point where (XXIIa) becomes applicable as a marking rule.
We will extend and refine the account of linking as we proceed.
To illustrate with a concrete and wellknown example, let us consider in detail the socalled palatalizations of Slavic.l.
Although usually presented as fossilized historical processes, the palatalizations are, in fact, productive in most modern Slavic languages. (For a demonstration of this fact in modern Russian, see Lightner (1965a).) We may therefore be dealing with a quite recent stage of the language.
However, since the dating of the palatalization processes is irrelevant for the purposes of the following discussion, we shall not concern ourselves with this question any further; we shall simply assume that we are examining the stage in the development of the Slavic languages at which the palatalizations were productive.
The factual material on which this discussion is based is readily available in the standard handbooks such as Meillet (1924), Vaillant (1950), and Brauer (1961).The interpretations offered here, which in part deviate from traditional accounts, are discussed in Halle and Lightner (forthcoming).
In order not to complicate the discussion unduly, we shall exclude from consideration here the fact that the voiced stop Igl alternates with strident continuants rather than with strident noncontinuants.
We shall assume that this adjustment is taken care of by a phonological rule that does not concern us here.
We shall also assume that the products of all palatalizations are palatalized, i.e., The term Second Velar Palatalization is used ambiguously in the literature.
We use it here to.refer to the palatalization of velars before front vowels derived from underlying diphthongs beginning with a back vowel.
We do not discuss the velar palatalization discovered by Baudouin de Courtenay (1894), which is a separate phenomenon. (See Halle and Lightner, forthcoming.) palatal plosive Ik1 / .
The lessmarked status of lei, as well as the marking conventions (24), reflects the fact that in consonant systems with four points of articulation, the fourth point (in addition to labial, dental, and velar) is commonly occupied by the palatoalveolar affricate lei rather than by It11 or.
Ik1 / .
As noted on page 420, the marking conventions affect not only lexical representation but also the interpretation of phonological rules to which they are linked.
An examination of conventions (24) immediately reveals that several are linked to the phonological rule (25), namely, one case of (24XXIllb), (XXVIa), and one case of (XXVIIc).
These conventions govern the features coronal, delayed release, and strident, which are just the ones whose status is at issue in rule (25).
The marking conventions, then, functioning successively in linkage, provide the desired values for these three features.
They tell us that when velar obstruents are fronted, it is simpler for them also to Notice that to achieve this result, we must extend the notion of linking given earlier and permit the successive application of marking conventions functioning as linking rules.
Thus the conclusion regarding rule plausibility that we have just formulated (namely, that fronting of velar obstruents will normally convert them to strident palatoalveolars with delayed release) requires, in our framework, that the process (25) be stated as rule (26): As shown in (23), the First Velar Palatalization produces the same results in all three major dialect areas.
The environment in which this process takes place is usually given as.before front vowels and before IY/.
Some studentse.g., Meillet (1924)treat this as a front vowels as distinct from palatalization before lvt, and combine the latter with other alternations that take place before tst, such as the palatalization of dentals and labials.
Since, however, the dental and labial palatalizations yield different results from the palatalization of velars before Iyl, it is clearly incorrect to combine these phenomena, especially in view of the fact that palatalization of velars before Iyl produces precisely the same results as palat~li~ati?n of velars before front vowels.
Moreover, as noted in Section 2 of Chapter 8, the distinctive feature framework provides us with a readymade device to characterize the At the point in derivations at which the First Velar Palatalization takes place, velars WIll be the only type of nonanterior consonants that appear in the representations.
We would therefore expect to formulate the First Palatalization as (25):13 It.is easy to und.er.stand why a velar would be frontedLe., replaced by Ikdbefore a front ~hde or vowel; It IS not so easy to see why the other features should also change.
Recall that III (12) the palatoalveolar lei is less marked than either the palatoalveolar plosive It 1or the We: omit, here and below, specification of the features [vocalic, +consonantal] for the segments under
The reader may find it helpful to refer to table (13) (p. 413).
Convention (24XXIIIb) links directly to this rille, so that rule (26) is interpreted as also assigning the feature specification [+coronal].
But we must now extend the notion of linkage, in an obvious way, so that convention (24XXVIa), introducing the feature [+delayed release], links to convention (24XXIIIb) and hence applies at this point.
And, by the same extension of the notion linkage, convention (24XXVIIc), introducing [+strident], links to (24XXVIa) and also applies, completing the process (25).
According to our earlier definition, (28) links to (27), where (28) is a marking Let us now say that the same is true not only when (27) is a rule but also when it is a marking Suppose now that (27) is again a phonological rule, and that C 1,... , C, is a sequence of marking conventions such that for each i;;:: 1, C i is the convention (29), where Go = F Thus C 1 is linked to (27), and for each i> 1, C i is linked to C i 1 • Suppose further that for each i, j;;:: 0, G, =F G j • Suppose now that the rule (27) applies to some segment Sand that for each i < n, S, when modified to contain the feature complex [!XoGo,... ,!XiG;], satisfies the condition W i + 1 • Suppose, finally, that C1 ,... , C, is the longest sequence meeting these conditions.
Then we interpret rule (27) as assigning to the segment S the feature complex [!XoGo,... ,!XnGn].
In the special case n = 1, we have the situation of linkage that was defii:led In the case of the First Velar Palatalization, (27) is (26), and C 1 , C 2 , C 3 are (30), (31), With this quite natural concept of linkage, the process (25) is stated simply as
(26), a simple assimilation rule, and hence is highly plausible in the required sense.
Consider next the socalled Second Velar Palatalization as it manifests itself in South and East Slavic.
This alternation is produced by the replacement of velars by strident dentals (i.e., jkj + [c], jgj + [3], jxj + [s]) before certain front vowels that derive from the diphthongs joyj and jayj.
We shall assume that following the First Velar Palatalization (26), the grammars of South and East Slavic contain the Diphthong Rule (33): Since rule (33) applies after the First Velar Palatalization Rule (26), velars before front vowels deriving from diphthongs are not subject to First Palatalization.
If the Second Velar Palatalization is made to apply after the Diphthong Rule, it can then be stated quite simply as applying before front vowels.
Note, however, that the strident palatoalveolars resulting from the First Palatalization, which are nonanterior, are not subject to the Second Palatalization.
Thus, the Second Palatalization, unlike the First Palatalization, cannot apply to all nonanterior consonants; instead it is restricted to nonanterior consonants that must be specified either as [+ back] or [strident].
We shall assume that the additional specification should be [strident] rather than [+ back], and shall provide some motivation for this assumption in the discussion that follows.
Since we have thus excluded the palatoalveolars produced by the First Palatalization, we may somewhat generalize the environment in which the Second Palatalization applies.
It is no longer necessary to exclude specifically the environment before the glide jyj, and we may therefore allow the Second Palatalization to apply before [consonantal, back], that is, in the same environment as Having characterized the context in which the process applies, we must turn to the question of the modification that it effects.
The difference between the results of the First and Second Palatalizations is that the former produces nonanterior strident coronals, whereas the latter results in strident coronals which are [+anterior].
This naturally suggests We would like to be able to interpret rule (34) so that it links to the conventions that introduce the features [+coronal], [+delayed release], and [+strident], analogous to the case of the First Palatalization.
Certainly it seems natural to assume that these features are determined in the same manner in both processes of palatalization, that a linguistically significant generalization underlies the appearance of these three specified features in the two cases.
However, the theory of linkage that we have just developed does not, in general, provide for cases such as (34) in which two features appear on the righthand side of the arrow.
Since this seems to us the appropriate form of the rule, we shall attempt to extend the theory of rule application so as to permit the required linkage.
The first suggestion that comes to mind is that we analyze (34) into two rules, the first of which shifts the feature back, and the second the feature anterior.
The marking conventions will now link properly, as before, to the first of these two rules.
Thus we replace Rule (35) converts jkj to [kIl, which automatically becomes [c], as discussed above in connection with the First Palatalization.
Rule (36) will then convert this [c] to [c] (which in this This proposal is unworkable, however.
Since the environment in which (36) applies is the same as that of the First Palatalization (25), rule (36) would also affect the [c] produced It seems to us that the correct solution to this problem lies in an extension of the theory of rule application along the following lines.
Let us make the very general assumption that two successive lines of a derivation can differ only by a single feature specification.
A rule such as (34) must then be interpreted in two steps, that is, in one of the two ways which
.
We will select the interpretation (37), returning to the justification for this choice directly.
Rule (34), interpreted as (37), is to be understood as follows: first, the appropriate instances of jkj are converted to [kIl; second, the linking rules apply in the manner discussed above; third, those segments which have been formed in steps one and two are converted to their ~nterior counterparts; fourth, the linking rules apply as before.
What is new in rule (37) is its  nonMarkovian character.
That is, rule (37) differs from the sequence of rules (35), (36) in that its second step applies only to segments which are formed by its first step; whereas in the case of the sequence of rules (35), (36), the second rule (i.e., (36)) has no memory and cannot distinguish those occurrences of [c] formed from (35) and the marking conventions from other occurrences of [c] that may be present in the relevant environment at this point in a derivationfrom occurrences of [c] resulting from the First Palatalization, for Under this new interpretation, rule (34) has precisely the effects required by the facts of the Second Velar Palatalization in South and East Slavic, as we can see from (23) (p. 421).
Note especially that conventions (24XXa) and (24XXIIIc) are not linking rules and that none of the linking rules are sensitive to shifts from [anterior] to [+anterior].
The facts of the Second Velar Palatalization in West Slavic are readily accounted for by restricting the second step in the derivation to noncontinuants: The schema (39) abbreviates tworules, the first of which applies to nonanterior nonstrident noncontinuants in two steps, as illustrated by (37), and the second of which simply fronts nonanterior nonstrident segments in the manner of (26).
It is quite natural for (34) and (39) to be so similar since they characterize similar phenomena in closely related languages.
Therefore, the fact that the rules for West Slavic differ in such a minor way from those for South and East Slavic may be regarded as providing a certain amount of support for the analysis proposed here and for the theory underlying this analysis.l Before continuing with the topic under discussion, we note that the process of Velar Softening in English (see (6) and (114), Chapter Four, where [back] was omitted since it was not crucial to the discussion there) is very similar to (39).
Under the theory of r~le application that we have now developed, Velar Softening would be characterized by the Under the proposed interpretation, the two velars in the derivable word regicide will be converted to [gil and [k.], respectively, by the first step of (40), and then to by marking conventions which link to this rule.
The second step of the first rule abbreviated by (40) will then convert unvoiced [c] formed by the first step to [c].
Note that other instances of [c], not formed by the first step of rule (40), will not be affected by the second We noted above that if the Second Palatalization were not restricted to nonstrident consonants, it would affect the segments produced by the First Palatalization Rule, turning these, as well as the remaining velars, into strident dentals.
If this were actually the desired result, there would then be no need for the First Palatalization Rule, since the output of the grammar would be the same whether or not it included this rule.
These considerations are of more than abstract interest since the wellknown mazurzenie phenomenon of Polish is precisely of this type and would be formally characterized in the manner just step.
Thus, in the word cherub, for example (which is [+derivable]cf. cherubicand has [c] before a nonback nonlow vowel), the initial segment will not be converted to [c] by the In the cases just reviewed, then, the proposed modification of the theory of rule application has just the right consequences.
It seems, moreover, to be a very natu~al mo.dification.
The one step in this account that is still not motivated by any general consideration is the choice of (37) rather than (38) as an interpretation of (34) and the corresponding choice Here, too, however, there is a rather natural enrichment of the theory that will lead to the desired conclusion.
At the outset of this discussion we noted that certain rules are more plausible than others which may be just as complex or even less complex, when complexity is measured in terms of number of features.
In particular, we noted that rule (lei) (see p. 401), which converts velars to palatoalveol.ars before nonlo,:. non~ack vowels, is much simpler, in some linguistically important sense, than rule (leu), which converts labials to dentals in this context.
Similarly, it seems correct, in general, that a rule converting palatal stops to dentals should be simpler than a parallel rule converting velar stops to labials.
Quite apart from the problem we are now discussing, these distinctions must somehow be built into the grammar.
However, if these distinctions are incorporated into general linguistic theory, then we can also suggest a very natural principle for interpreting a rule such as (34) which introduces two feature mod~cati?~s: namely, interpret the rule in the way that is simplest, given the general theory of simplicity of rules.
On these grounds, (37) is a simpler interpretation of (34) than is (38), since (37) involves a change of velars to palatoalveolars (before high front vowels) and of palatoalveolars to dentals, whereas (38) involves a change of velars to labials and labials to palatalized labials.
These considerations suggest the direction in which an overall solution to this problem might be sought.
Unfortunately, they do not solve the problem in general, or even in this case, since we have simply established the correct ordering of rule plausibility by fiat.
To give a gener~l solution to the problem in these terms, we would have to extend the theory of rule plausibility so that it would automatically provide a simplest interpretation for each possible A possible direction in which one might look for such an extension of the theory is suggested by certain other facts that are not handled with complet~ adequacy in ~he present theory.
Consider first the manner in which the process of metathesis was treated III Chapter Eight, Section 5.
As will be recalled, we were forced there to take advantage of powerful transformational machinery of the sort that is used in the syntax.
This increase in the power of the formal devices of phonology did not seem fully justified since it was made only to handle a marginal type of phenomenon.
An alternative way to achieve the same results is to introduce a special device which would be interpreted by the conventions on rule application as having the effect of permuting the sequential order of a pair of segments.
It goes without saying that if this were done, the conventions on rule application would ~ave to be ~onsiderably extended, both in scope and in character, beyond the type of marking conventions and linking rules discussed in this chapter If it should prove possible to define a reaso~a~ly short list of such plausible phonological processes and show that allor the majority ofthe phonological processes encountered in different languages belong to this set, this would constitute a very strong empirical hypothesis about the nature of language.
We are clearly quite far from achieving this goal, but certain facts suggest that this may be a fruitful direction in which to pursue further inquiry.
Consider, for example, the phenomenon of assimilation, of which the Slavic palatalizations are a special case.
In assimilation the coefficients of a given feature or feature set in one segment are made to agree with the coefficient of the same feature or feature set in a nearby segment.
The fact that it is the same feature or feature set in both segments is crucial.
In the framework of this book, however, we are unable to reflect this fact with complete adequacy, for formally a rule such as (26) is not sufficiently different from (41): articulation from anterior to nonanterior.
This observation, however, is quite superficial: it states the facts but provides no insight into them.
Consider, therefore, the possibility of treating this palatalization as an instance of regressive assimilation, just.as we d.idthe ~~er two palatalizations.
Let us assume that what is being assimilated here IS the high pOSItIOn of the tongue body that is characteristic of the following glide.
More formally: Rule (41), however, in which backness is made to agree with voicing, expresses a type of assimilation that is unknown and implausible.
If assimilation were a special process which was available for use whenever necessary, it could be restricted so as to affect only the same features in different segments, or it could be further constrained to affect particular features or sets of features in particular environments.
Thus, nasals seem to be quite prone to assimilate the point of articulation of a succeeding consonant, while continuants are apparently all but immune to such assimilation.
It would seem plausible to establish a hierarchy of assimilation processes ranging from complete assimilation of all features to assimilation of only a single feature.
Processes such as palatalization and velarization would be characterized as assimilations which affect the features high and back.
As already noted in Section 1, there are also processes which involve coherent sets of rules.
In addition to the processes of strengthening mentioned previously, there are various types of weakening processes.
We may also include here such processes as  compensatory lengthening, raising (and lowering) of vowels, and perhaps also phonological shifts such as the Great Vowel Shift of English.
It does not seem likely that an elaboration of the theory along the lines just reviewed will allow us to dispense with phonological processes that change features fairly freely.
The second stage of the Velar Softening Rule of English (40) and of the Second Velar Palatalization (34) of Slavic strongly suggests that the phonological component requires wide latitude in the freedom to change features, along the lines of the rules discussed in the It should be pointed out that the proposal that we have made concerning plausible phonological processes is much more substantial than our proposal concerning plausible phonological systems.
We have seen that the conventions required to define plausible segments could also be utilized to define plausible phonological rules.
Thus, the marking rules had two sources of empirical support.
On the one hand, they were supported by the fact that the most plausible phonological segments seemed to reappear constantly in the phonological systems of different languages.
On the other hand, the marking conventions in their function as linking rules were justified by the facts of the grammars of individual languages.
Confirmation that arises from considerations internal to a grammar is much more significant than any observations on what is commonly to be found.
While internal confirmation is available for the proposed plausible phonological processes, such independent confirmation is lacking in the case of plausible phonological systems.
This is a serious shortcoming which reflects our limited understanding of the problem.
Returning now to the Dental Palatalizations in Slavic (see (23), p. 421), we observe that Dental Palatalization takes place before tvl, i.e., before a glide that is nonback and high.
In East Slavic, in this environment, the dentals turn into strident palatoalveolars (/tl 7 [eJ, lsi 7 [8J, etc.) At first sight it would appear that there was a change here in the point of Since the dentals are coronals, the immediate consequence of this rule will be to invoke the linking rule (24XXIIa), which has the effect of converting the segments to [anteriorJ.
This, in turn, makes the segments subject to conventions (24XXIIIb) (vacuously), (24XXVIa), and (24XXVIIc), yielding the required strident palatoalveolars as the final The linking rule (XXIIa) reflects the assumption that when dental consonants palatalize they most commonly turn into strident palatoalveolars.
The hypothesis embodied in the conventions is that under these conditions it is more complicated for dental obstruents to retain their original point of articulation and, if applicable, their original nonstridency than for them to undergo the shift in point of articulation and stridency.P Consider next Dental Palatalization in South Slavic.
The results differ from those in East Slavic in that the plosive does not become an affricate.
This fact is treated quite readily by the same device that was employed in (39) above: The change to [delayed release] in the second step of the first rule abbreviated by (43) blocks (24XXVla), in accordance with the suggestion made at the begi.nning of t?is section.
Convention (24XXVIIc) now applies vacuously, yielding the nonstndent plosive [ttl,. as required.
Rule (43) is in need of modification, however, as can be seen from the followmg considerations.
The environment in which Dental Palatalization takes place is a special case of the environment of the two Velar Palatalizations.
The nonstrident palatoalveolars [t1> d.] which are produced by Dental Palatalization would therefore be subject to the First Velar Palatalization if Dental Palatalization preceded the latter, and they would be subject to the It should be noted that crucial to the discussion of the preceding paragraphs is the assu~ption that the neutral dentals are back .
If, instead, we had assumed thattheneutraldentals~ere + back ,rule (42) would have linked these to convention (24XXIIIb) nonvacuously and to convention (24XXVIIb), thereby producing nonstrident velars instead of strident palatoalveolars.
It has been observe.d b~ J.
D.
McC~wley (1967a) that this phenomenon takes place in the Ripuarian dialects of German,.which include the dialect of the city of Cologne.
In these dialects dentals are replaced by velars after high vowels; for example, [hunk] (standard [huntl ), dog; [kilJk] (standard [kint]), child; [liik] (standard [byt~]), people.; [cik] (standard [cayt]), time.
To describe this phenomenon, it would be necessary to assume that in Second Velar Palatalization if Dental Palatalization were placed after the First and before the Second Velar Palatalization.
To avoid this consequence, it is necessary to order Dental Palatalization in South Slavic after the two Velar Palatalizations.J Once this is done, however, a further problem arises.
Rule (43) will apply to [cy] and Uy] (from underlying Ikyl and Igyf) and convert these to [tly] and [dly].
This consequence can readily be blocked by restricting the Dental Palatalization in South Slavic to [+anterior] segments: Consider now what would happen if Dental Palatalization were formulated so that all of its products were nonstrident, rather than just the noncontinuants as in South Slavic.
If Dental Palatalization were ordered before the Second Velar Palatalization, all of its products would merge with those of the Second Palatalization.
But this is precisely the result that we have in West Slavic (see (23) ).
Dental Palatalization in West Slavic musttherefore be ofthe form (45) Rule (47) converts It, dl to [B, 0].
The conventions (XXV) and (XXVIIc) supply stridency to the, segments [e, 0] formed by rule (47), and we derive [s, z].
Precisely the same is true of English Spirantization, as we have seen (Chapter Four, (120), p. 229).
There are, however, wellknown cases in various languages in which stops become continuants or continuants become stops without the concomitant shift in stridency implied by marking convention (24XXVIIc).
A good example of this is spirantization in Semitic, where in postvocalic position and certain other environments nonemphatic (nonpharyngealized) obstruents become continuants.
Thus we have a rule such as (48): However, a segment undergoing this spirantization rule is not further modified by the marking convention (XXVIIc) as might be expected.
Thus, whereas rule (47) produces the change ItI l[s], rule (48) results in the change ItI l[e], with nonstridency preserved.l All segments subject to (47) are also subject to the marking convention (XXVIIc).
We make
A linking rule applies either to all or to none of the segments formed by a given rule.
To sum up the discussion of the Slavic Palatalizations, we observe that the processes differ only in relatively minor respects in the three major dialect areas.
There are two slightly different variants of Second Velar Palatalization (i.e., (34) and (39)), and there are three obviously related variants of Dental Palatalization «42), (44), and (45)).
Finally, the dialects differ with regard to the order in which the rules have to apply: Turning now to a different topic, we note that the marking convention (24XXVIIc) will be involved when stops alternate with continuants.
Thus, in modern Russian, for instance, It, dl l[s, z] before a dental stop, as in the infinitive Imet+til l[m.ist.i], to. sweep.
Formally such a rule would be expressed as (47): In view of principle (49), we are required to apply the linking rule (24XXVIIc) in the case of (47), since all segments are subject to the convention; but principle (49) blocks application of (24XXVIIc) in the case of rule (48) since certain segments formed by the rulee.g., the velars, which are [anterior, coronal]are not subject to this convention.
Thus principle (49) states that if a spirantization rule applies only to dentals, it will (in the simplest case) make them strident; whereas if it applies to velars as well, it will (in the simplest case) leave all of the segments produced unchanged in stridency (but see note 18).
This observation seems factually correct and supports our assumption that (49) is a proper principle governing the interpretation of rules.
Notice, furthermore, that (49) is an entirely natural condition.
Its effect is to build a consideration of symmetry into the interpretation of phonological rules.
It guarantees that the segments formed by a rule will differ among themselves exactly in those respects in which the corresponding segments to which the rule applied differed among themselves.
If, for example, we have the situation shown in (50), with segments A and B differing from segments C and D in the feature Fj, and segments A and C differing from segments Band D in the feature F 2 , and if, furthermore, the rule (51) applies to the segments A, B, C, D, changing their value with respect to the feature F 3 then the segments A, B, C, D of (52), formed by the application of (51) to (50), will In East Slavic analogous problems of ordering do not arise.
Since the First Velar Palatalization and the Dental Palatalization have identical results, it is irrelevant whether the output of one rule is subject to the other rule.
Moreover, the Dental Palatalization in East Slavic results in strident obstruents which are, therefore, exempt from the Second Velar Palatalization.
Hence there is no reason within East Slavic for ordering Dental Palatalization with respect to the two Velar Palatalizations.
17 The relative ordering of Dental Palatalization in East Slavic is not justified here.
See note 16.
We shall assume that the same is true of the labials, and that the appearance of [f] and [v] instead of the expected [<p] and [p] is due to a lowlevel phonetic rule, which no doubt itself involves a universal m~rking convention.
Note, incidentally, that Grimms Law consists in part of a process analogous to (48), stndency not being supplied by the marking conventions since the law applies to all obstruents, not only to anterior [nus], ImfIs/, IWind/, and converts them to [sung], [rin], [mis], [wund], respectively.
By application of Vowel Shift and other rules in the paired forms, we derive ultimately the described in Chapter Four, Section 4.3.7.
We can formulate the Backness Adjustment Rule :nus the structure of (50) is carried over under rule (51), except for the change that it itself introduces, ere we not to ~doPt principle (49), this consequence would not necessarily result.
Thus, if the language ill question contained a marking convention that converted A, B to [Fd, or that converted A alone to [F 1 ] , etc., the result of the application of (51) would be a formal structure which differed from the system to which it applied, even apart from the cha.nge introduced by the rule.
The effect of this principle, then, is to preserve w~at~ver ~y~etnes of structure exist in more abstract representations.
In other words, this principle Implies that, ceteris paribus, processes that destroy underlying symmetry will be more costly than processes that preserve them.
Since there are also various conventions that. lead us to favor.abstract systems with certain underlying symmetries (see the disCUSSI?n on page 410), It foll~ws that even phonetic outputs can be expected to preserve a certaI~ measure of phonological structure of the type associated with phonological representations, ~n interestin~ parallel to the example of spirantization is provided by the application of marking convention (6XIa) to the segments subject to the backfront shift in En li h and the nonapplication of this convention in the case of the Umlaut of Modem Sta:d:rd Ger~an.
To fac~itate the following discussion, we reproduce here as (53) a number of the Consider, by way of contrast, the Umlaut of modem German, where in certain morphologically defined environments all vowels are fronted, so that u lii, 0 l0, a lre (le).19 The rule characterizing the German Umlaut can be stated as (55): Rule (55) forms certain segments (i.e., the [+low] vowels) that are not subject to (53Xla).
Hence, by principle (49), the linking rule (53XIa) will not apply to any segments formed by rule (55), and the rounding of the original nonlow back vowels will remain in the output.
Observe that if we wished to characterize a situation in which u lii without concomitant fronting of low vowels, we would have to give a rule that is more complex than Convention (53XIa) applies to all segments formed by (54).
Applying rule (54) to lrunl and ImfIs/, we derive [riin] and [mils], which automatically become [rin] and [mis] by convention (XIa).
Applying rule (54) to Isingl and IWind/, we first obtain [sing] and [Wind], which where [+round] on the righthand side of the arrow represents the extra cost in complexity that must be paid to undo the effects of the linking rule (XIa).20 Summarizing, we are assuming that all phonological rules are presented in the form Certain general conditions of rule plausibility force us, we have suggested, to interpret such a rule as a nonMarkovian block, with a uniquely determined ordering of G 1,... ,Gm let us say, as given in (57).
We interpret (57) in the following way.
Given a segment specified as [cx1F1,... ,cxmFm, W] in the context YZ, we assign it the feature specification [~1Gd, exactly as before.
We next apply the longest sequence of linked marking conventions, in the
We disregard here the raising of /a/ that is normally a concomitant phenomenon of the German Umlaut.
For a discussion of Umlaut in modern German frdrn the viewpoint of generative phonology, see Zwicky The phenomenon of vowel harmony in the UralAltaic languages provides a further example of the nonapplication of convention (XIa) in a situation that precisely parallels that of the German instance.
In fact, as suggested on page 427, the choice of W may be automatically determined by conditions of rule plausibility, so that the distinction between [Fl>.,F..] and the other features of the unit
[IXl>... ,IXmFm, W] may not have to be expressed directly in the rule.
The p~onol?gy of English contains an early Backness Adjustment Rule that applies to such exceptional Items as sing, run, mouse, wind (verb), with the underlying representations Ising/, manner described on pages 42344. 22 We then proceed to assign to every segment subject to (57) the feature specification [~2G2] and again apply the marking conventions.
We repeat the process for every [~iG;] given on the righthand side of the arrow in (57).
We have seen that quite a few intricate phonological processes can be described in very simple terms To complete this preliminary and tentative discussion of the role of marking in phonology, we now examine processes associated with the Vowel Shift, which play such a prominent role in the wordlevel phonology of English.
The Vowel Shift Rule and the associated Adjustment RuIes illustrate rather graphically the changes in the formulation of our rules that are necessitated by the introduction of the marking conventions and the As we shall see, thereis no need to modify the Vowel Shift Rule itself at all.
Rather, the introduction of linking rules and markedness considerations will make unnecessary certain parts of the Rounding Adjustment and the Backness Adjustment RuIes which were introduced in Chapter Four in order to bring about the change from 15/ and /re/ to [a].
The considerations introduced in this section allow us, therefore, to achieve significant simplifications in our description of English.
This fact provides further empirical support for the proposals that have been sketched in the preceding pages.
Moreover, the fact that the rules proposed here link naturally to the marking conventions has bearing also on the history of the Great Vowel Shift.
In the light of the marking conventions, the historical process that we have postulated makes use of rules that are quite natural, whereas the alternative rules that we rejected in Chapter Six would be highly complex and implausible.
If correct, the marking conventions, therefore, are important evidence in favor of the account that we We give here the Vowel Shift Rule in a slightly different form from that of (33) in This is important for the correct application of principle (49) since that principle refers to rules and not to schemata and hence to the form (59) rather than (58).
It is readily seen that none of the conventions in (53) are applicable to vowels that become [high].
Conventions (IX) and (XIa) are applicable to vowels that become [+ high]; their effects in the cas~s under consideration are vacuous.
Thus there is no need to change part (a) of the Vowel Shift Rule.
The situation is somewhat different with respect to part (b) of the Vowel Shift Rule.
Here most of the conventions (VII)(XII) function as linking rules.
The segments affected by (59bi) are the tense vowels /re/, /5/, which as a consequence of the rule become nonlow.
It is immediately clear that except for (53XIa) none of the marking conventions apply.
Convention (XIa) could conceivably function in the case under discussion; its effects would be vacuous, however.
As R.
Stanley has pointed out to us, in view of principle (49) the decision as to whether or not (XIa) applies here depends on whether schemata are treated as single conventions or as abbreviations of several individual conventions.
If the former decision is made, then convention (XIa) will apply in the case under discussion.
If, on the other hand the latter decision is made, principle (49) will block the application of (XIa).
Since the same consequences follow from either decision in the present instance, it is impossible to know which choice is correct.
The issues involved, however, are clear.
The segments affected by (59bii) are the tense vowels ref and /6/, which are converted by the rule into low vowels: Marking convention (53VII) then applies vacuously.
Next, convention (53X) applies, with We now ask whether the rule needs any modification in view of the considerations of this section.
It should be noted, first, that both parts of the Vowel Shift Rule are schemata which abbreviate two rules each; i.e., the relevant parts of (58) must be rewritten as (59): Notice that such conventions as (6IIa, b), (6IIIa, c), which involve sequential constraints, never playa role in interpreting the application of phonological rules.
Thus, if a glide becomes vocalic in initial position by a phonological rule, it is not subject to the marking conventions that govern initial position, etc.
This
Allen, W.
S., 1964, Review ofVogt (1963), in Language, 40, no. 3, 500502.
Aoki, H., 1966, Nez Perce Vowel Harmony and ProtoSahaptian Vowels, Language, 42, Armstrong, L.
E., 1940, The Phonetic and Tonal StrJ/ctllre of KikJDIJI, Oxford University Press, Avanesov, R.
I., 1956, Fonetilea sovremennogo rJ/sskogo literatumogo ja?;Yka, Izdatelstvo
Batchelor, T., 1809, An Orthoepical.Analysis of theEnglish Language, Didier and Tebbett, London.
Baudouin de Courtenay, J., 1894, Einiges tiber Palatalisierung (palatalisation) und Entpalatalisierung (Dispalatalisation), Indogermanische Forschll11gm, 4, 4552.
Beach, D.
M., 1938, The Phonetics of the Hottentot Language, Heffer, Cambridge.
Berry, J., 1957, Vowel Harmony in Twi, Bfllletitl of the School of Oriental and African Stndies, Bever, T.
G., 1963, Theoretical Implications of Bloomfields Menomini Morphophonemics, Qllarter!J Progress Report of the Research Laboratory of Electronics, Massachusetts Bever, T.
G., 1967, Leonard Bloomfield and the Phonology of the MenolJlini Language, unpublished
Bierwisch, M., 1966, Regeln fur die Intonation deutscher Satze, Srudia Grammatico, 7,99201.
Bloch, B., and G.
L.
Trager, 1942, Ofltline of Linguistic Anal/Isis (Linguistic Society of America: Bloomfield, L., 1939, Menomini Morphophonemics, T rauatoc dflCercle Linguistique dePrague, Boas, F., 1911, Chinook, Handbook of.American Indian Langflages, Bulletin 40, Smithsonian
Institution, Bureau of American Ethnology, Washington, D.c., Part 1, 559676.
Bolling, G., 1934, Reply to Kents review of Bloomfield (1933), in Language, 10, no. 1,4852.
Brauer, H., 1961, Slavische SprachlVissmschaft I (Sammlung Goschen Band 1191f1191A), Browne, E.
W., and J.
D.
McCawley, 1965,,;0.
Srpskohrvatski akcenat, Zbomik matice srpske Callow, J. c., 1965, Kasem NominalsA Study in Analyses, The [oumal of West African
Carnochan, J., 1960, Vowel Harmony in Igbo, African Language Stndies, 1, 155163.
Chomsky, N., 1951, lvIorphophoJJemics of Modem Hebren/, unpublished Masters thesis, University Chomsky, N., 1955a, Semantic Considerations iJJ GralJJ1JJar, Monograph No.8, Georgetown Chomsky, N., 1955b, The Logical Stmcture if LiJJguistic Theory, on microfilm at the reference Chomsky, N., 1957b, Review of Jakobson and Halle (1956), in International[ournal if.Americnn
Chomsky, N., 1961, On the Notion Rule of Grammar, in Fodor and Katz (1964),1191,.36.
Chomsky, N., 1964, CurrentIssues iJJ LiJJguistic Theory, Mouton, The Hague.
Chomsky, N., 1965, Aspects if the Theory if S)11tax, Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Chomsky, N., 1966a, Cartesian LiJJguistics, Harper & Row, New York.
Chomsky, N., 1966b, Topics in the Theory of Generative Grammar, in T.
Sebeok, ed.,
Current Trends iJJ LiJJguistics, 3: LiJJguistic Theory, Indiana University Press, Bloomington.
Also appears separately in the [anna Lillguamm series, no. 56, Mouton, The Hague.
Chomsky, N., 1967, Some General Properties of Phonological Rules, Language, 43, no. 1.
Chomsky, N. (forthcoming), Remarks on Nornip.alization, in R.
Jacobs and P.
Rosenbaum, Chomsky, N., and M.
Halle, 1965, Some Controversial Questions in Phonological Theory, Chomsky, N., M.
Halle, and F.
Lukoff, 1956, On Accent and Juncture in English, For
Cole, D.
T., 1955, Introduction to TS1VaJJa GralJJ1JJar, Longmans, London.
Danielsson, B., 1955, 1963, [obnHarts Works onEnglish Orthograp~ and Prontmciation (Stockholm
Studies in English), Almqvist and Wiksell, Stockholm (1955, Part I; 1963, Part II).
Dobson, E. ]., 1957, English Pronimciation 15001700, Oxford University Press, London.
Doke, C.
M., 1931, A Comparative Stu& iJJ Shona Phonetics, Witwatersrand University Press, Echeverria, M.
S., and H.
Contreras, 1965, Araucanian Phonemics, Intemational [ourna! if ElphinstOn, J., 1765, The Principles if the EnglishLaJJguage Digested; or, English GrammarReduced Emeneau, M.
B., 1944, Kota Texts I (publications in Linguistics, 2, no. 1), University of Emeneau, M.
B., 1957, Toda, a Dravidian Language, Transactions of the Philological Society,
Fant, G., 1959, The Acoustics of Speech, in L.
Cremer, ed., Proceedings if the Third International Congress OIl Acoustics, Stuttgart, 1959, Elsevier, Amsterdam, 188201.
Fant, G., 1960, Acoustic Theory of Speech Production, Mouton, The Hague.
Fodor, J.
A., and]. ].
Katz, 1963, The Availability of What We Say, Philosophical Revielv, Fodor, J.
A., and J.
J.
Katz, 1964, The Stmctl/reofLaJJguage: ReadiJJgs in thePhilosoph) of Language,
Fromkin, V., 1965, On SystemStructure Phonology, Language, 41, no. 4, 601609.
Fudge, E. c., 1967, The Nature of Phonological Primes, [ournalof LiJJguistics, 3, 136.
Garde, P., 1965, Review of American Contributions to the Fifth International Congress if Slavists,
Vol.
I: Lingl/istic Contribntions, in IVord, 21, no. 1, 141147.
Gil, A., 1621, LogoJJomia Anglica, London.
Reedited by O.
L.
Jiriczek, Strassburg, 1903.
Gleason, H.
A., Jr., 1961, An Introduction to Descriptive LiJJgtlistics, Holt, Rinehart and Winston, .
Grande, B., 1963, Kurs arabsho] gralJJ1JJatiki v sravnitelJJoistoriceskom osvesceJJii, Akademija Nauk Halle, M., 1957, In Defense of theNumber Two, Stl/dies Presented to joshua Whatmough OIl
Halle M. 1959 The Soand Pattern of Rstssian, Mouton, The Hague.
Halle: M.: 1962: Phonology in a Generative Grammar, Word, 18, 5472.
Reprinted in Fodor Halle, M., 1963, On Cyclically Ordered Rules in Russian,.American Contribttiions ~o the Fifth
Halle M. 1964, On the Bases of Phonology, in Fodor and Katz (1964), 324333.
Halle: M.: and S. ].
Keyser, 1966, Chaucer and the Study of Prosody, College English, 28,
Halle, M., and S. ].
Keyser (forthcoming), The Boolation ofStress iJJ EJJglish.
Halle, M., and T.
M.
Lightner (forthcoming), The Slavic Palatalizations.
Halle, M., and K.
N.
Stevens, 1967, On the Mechanism of Glottal Vibration for Vowels and Halle, M., and V.
J.
Zeps, 1966, A Survey of Latvian Morphophonemics, Quarterly Progress Report of the Research Laboratory of Electronics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Halpern, A.
M., 1946, Yuma, Linguistic Structures of Native America (Viking Fund Publications in Anthropology, 6), New York, 249288.
R 1966, Stress, Voice , and Length in Southern Paiute, International [ournai if
Harper, W.
R., 1910, Elemmts of Hebrew b.Y an Indnctiue Method, Scribn:r, Ne: York.
Harris, ].
W., 1967, Spanish Phonology, unpublished Doctoral dissertation, Massachusetts
Harris, Z.
S., 1951, Methods in Stmctural LingJtistics, University of Chicago Press, Chicago.
Heeschen, c., 1967, Lithuanian Morphophonemics, Quarterly Progress Report if the Research
Laboratory of Electronics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, no. 85, 2~4296.
Heffner, R.M.
S., 1950, General Phonetics, University of Wisconsin Press, Madison.
Hill A.
A. 1958 Introduction to LiJJguistic Strncmres, Harcourt, Brace & World, New York.
Hill: A.
A:, ed., 1962, The Second (1957) Texas Conference OJJ Problems if Lingl/istic AJJalysis iJJ Hockett, C.
F., 1955, A 1IIa11tfal of Phonologp (Internationa! [osrnal if.Americau Lmgmstlcs, Memoir
Hockett, C.
F., 1965, Sound Change, Language, 41, no. 2, 185204.
Hoenigswald, H.
M., 1964, Graduality, Sporadicity, and the Minor Sound Change Processes,
Hoffmann, c., 1963, A Grammarof the MargiLanguage, Oxford University Pres.s, L~ndon.
Hoijer, H., 1945, Navaho Phonologp (publications in Anthropology, no. 1), University of New
Horn, W., 1912, Probleme der neuenglischen Lautgeschichte, Anglia, ~5, 357392.
Horn W. and M.
Lehnert, 1954, Last andLeben, Deutscher Verlag der Wlssenschaften, Berlin.
Jakobson: R., 1939, Observations sur Ie cl£ssement phonologique d~s con.sonnes, Proceedings of the Third International Congress of Phonetic Sciences, Ghent.
Reprinted In Jakobson (1962), Jakobson, R., 1940, Kindersprache, Aphasie und allgemeine Lautgesetze, in Jakobson Jakobson, R., 1957, Mufaxxama, the Emphatic Phonemes of Arabic, St:ldies Presested to [osbna WhatlJJotlgh OIl his 60th Birthdtry) Mouton, The Hague, 105115.
Re rinted in
Jakobson, R., and M.
Halle, 1956, FundalJJentals oj Language) Mouton, The Hague.
Jakobson, R., and M. ~alle, 1964, Tenseness and Laxness, in D.
Abercrombie et al., eds., In HOIIOtlr of Dame.
Jones) Longmans, London, 96101.
Reprinted in Jakob R., G.
Fant, and M.
Halle, 1963, PrelilJJinaries to Speech AnalYsis) Massachusetts Jespersen: 0., 1909,.
A Modern English GratJJIJJar OIl Historical Principles) Part 1: Sounds and
Jones, D., 1950, The Phoneme: Its Nature and Use) Heffer, Cambridge.
Jones, D., 1956a, Outbile oj English Phonetics) Dutton, New York.
Jones, D., 1956b, The Pr~1Jfmciation 0.[ En~lish) Cambridge University Press, Cambridge.
Jones, J.
D., 1912Cooper s GralJ~IJJattca!znguae Anglicanae (1685), Max Niemeyer, Halle.
J oos, M., 1942, A PhonologIcal Dilemma in Canadian English laneuaee 18 n Joos, M., 1962, The Definition of Juncture and Terminals, The Second (1957) Texas Conference on Problems ojLinguisticAnalYsis in English) University of Texas Press, Austin, 438.
Jordan, R., 1934, Handbtlch derlJJittelenglischen GralJJIJJatik I) Carl Winter, Heidelberg.
Katz, J.
J., 1966, The Philosopl:!J ojLanguage) Harper & Row, New York.
Katz, J. j., and P.
M.
Postal, 1964, An Integrated Theory oj Liltguistic Descriptio1JS) Massachusetts Kauter, H., 1930a, Englische Lautlehre nach Richard Hodges The English Primrose (1644)  (Beitrage zur Erforschung der Sprache und Kultur Englands und Nordam~~ikas
Kauter, H., ed., 1930b,.Richard Hodges The Ellg1ish Primrose (1644), Carl Winter, Heidelberg.
Kent, R.
G., 1934, Review of Bloomfield (1933), in Language) 10) no. 1,4048.
S., and T.
A.
Knott, 1944, A Prollotmciltg Dictionary oj AmericattEnglish) Merriam, Keyser, S.
J., 1963, Review of Kurath and McDavid (1961) in Lattuuaue 39 no 2 1965, On the Autonomy of the Tensity Feature in Stop Classification, unpublished paper presented at the summer meeting of the Linguistic Society of A
~parsky, P., 1966, Dber den deutschen Akzent, Sttldia GratlJlJJatika) 7, 6998.
Kiparsky, P. (forthcoming): Universal Grammar and Linguistic Change, in E.
Bach and
.
R.
Harms, eds., Proceedmgs ofthe Texas Confermce all Language Universals.
Kli~genheben, A., 1963, Die Sprache derFtli) J.
J.
Augustin, Hamburg.
Kwpers, A.
H., 1960, Phoneme and Morpheme ill Kabardian) Mouton, The Hague.
Kurath, H., 1964, A PhollOlogy and Prosotfy of Modem English University of Michigan P Kurath, H., and R. 1.
McDavid, Jr., 1961, The Pro1Jfmciation oj English ill the Atlantic States Kuroda, S.Y., 1967, Yalve!mani Phonology, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Pre Ladefoged, P., 1964, A Phonetic Stutfy of West African Languages (West African Language Lamb, S.
M., 1964, On Alternation, Transformation, Realization, and Stratifi~tio~ (Monograph Series on Languages and Linguistics, 17), Georgetown University Press, Lees, R.
B., 1960, The Grammar of English Nominalirations (Indiana University Research Center in Anthropology, Folklore, and Linguistics, no. 12), Indiana University Press, Lees, R.
B., 1961, The Phonology of Modern Standard Ttlrkish (Indiana University Publication: Lehiste, I., 1964, Juncture, Proceedings oj the Fifth International Congress oj Phonetic Sciences) Lehnert, M., 1936, Die GratJJIJJatik des englischen Sprachmeisters John Wallis (16161703) (Sprache und Kultur der germanischen und romanischen Volker, A: Anglistische Reihe, 21), Breslau.
Li, F.
K., 1946, Chipewyan, Linguistic Struaares of Native America (Viking Fund Publica. tions in Anthropology, 6), New York, 398423..
Lieberman, P., 1965, On the Acoustic Basis of the Perception of Intonation by Linguists,
...Lieberman, P., 1966, Intonation) Perception) and Langtlage) Massachusetts Institute of Technology Press, Cambridge, Mass.
Lightner, T.
M., 1963, A Note on the Formulation of Phonological Rules, QuarterlY Progress Report of the Research Laboratory of Electronics) Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Lightner, T.
M., 1965a, SeglJJelltal Phonology of Modern Standard Russian, unpublished Doctoral Lightner, T.
M., 1965b, On the Description of Vowel and Consonant Harmony, Word) 21) Lisker, L., 1963, On Hultzens Voiceless Lenis Stops in Prevocalic Clusters, Word) 19) Lisker, L., and A.
S.
Abramson, 1964, A CrossLanguage Study of Voicing in Initial Stops: Luick, K., 1898, Beitrage zur englischen Grammatik, III: DIe QuantItatsveranderungen im Luick, K., 1907, Beitrage zur englischen Grammatik, V: Zur Quantierung der romaruschen McCawley, J.
D., 1965, The AccentualS1stem of Modem Standard Japanese) unpublished Doctoral 1967a, The Role of a Phonological Feature System in a Theory of McCawley, J.
D., 1967b, Sapirs Phonological Representation, International Journal of McIntosh, M.
M. c., 1956, The Phonetic andLinguistic Theory of the Roya.
Somry Schoolfrom IVaI/IS Malmberg, B., 1956, Distinctive Features of Swedish Vowels: Some Instrumental and
Marchand, H., 1960, The Categories andT1pes oj PresentDay English WordFormation: a S1nchrotltcDiachronic Approach) Harrassowitz, Wiesbaden.
Marouzeau, ]., 1943, Lexiqlle de la terlJJinologie lingllistiqlle, Librairie Orientaliste Paul Geuthner Martin, S.
E., 1951, Korean Phonemics, Langllage, 27, no. 4, 519533.
Reprinted in M.
Joos, ed., 1957, Readings in Lingllistics, American Council ofLearned SOcieties, Washington D.C.
Martinet, A., 1936, Neutralisation et archiphoneme, Trauaux dllCerc/e Lingllistiqlle de Praglle, Matthews, G.
H., 1965, Hidatsa Sylltax (papers on Formal Linguistics, no. 3), Mouton, The
Meillet, A., 1924, Le Slave COlllllllm, Librairie Honore Champion, Paris.
Milewski, T., 1951, The Concept of Word in the Native Languages of America Linglla Miller, G.
A., 1956, The Magical Number Seven, Plus or Minus Two: Some Limits on our
Capacity for Processing Information, Psychological Reuie», 63, no. 2, 8197.
Miller, G.
A., and N.
Chomsky, 1963, Finitary Models of Languag~ Users, in R.
D.
Luce, R.
R.
Bush, and E.
Galanter, eds., Hatldbook oj Mathenlatical Psychology, Vol. 2 Wiley
Milner, J. c., 1967, French Truncation Rule, Qllarter/yProgress Report oj theResearch Laboratory oj Electronics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, no. 86, 273283.
Newman, S.
S., 1946, On the Stress System of English, Word,2, 171187.
Perkell, J.
S.~ 1965~ Cineradiographic Studies of Speech: Implications of a Detailed Analysis of Certain Articulatory Movements, Reports to the Fifth International Congress of Acollstics Pollack, I., and L.
Ficks, 1954, Information of Elementary Multidimensional Audito;;
Displays, [osrna! oj the AcotlsticalSociety of.America, 26, no. 2, 155158.
Postal, P.
M., 1962, S011le Syntactic RIllesill MohaJvk, unpublished Doctoral dissertation, Yale Postal, P.
M., 1964a, Mohawk Prefix Generation, in H.
Lunr, ed., Proceedings oj the Ninth
Postal, P.
M., 1964b, Boas and the Development of Phonology: Comments Based on Iroquoian, Intemational[ourna! oj AlJJerican Lingtlistics, 30, no. 3, 269280.
Postal, P.
M., 1968, Aspects oj Phonological Theory, Harper & Row, New York.
Ross, J.
R., 1967, Constraints OIl Variables in Syntax, unpublished Doctoral dissertation, Sapir, E., 1930, SOtltjJem Paiute, a Shoshollea11 Langtlage (proceedings of the American Academy
Sapir, E., 1931, Notes on the Gweabo Language of Liberia, Langllage, 7, no. 1,3041.
Sapir, E., 1949a, The Psychological Reality of Phonemes, in D.
G.
Mandelbaum, ed., Sapir, E., 1949b, Glottalized Continuants in Navaho, Nootka, and Kwakiutl, in Schane, S.
A., 1965, The Phonological and Morphological Structtlre ofFrencb, unpublished Doctoral Siertsema, B., 1958, Problems of Phonemic Interpretation, I: Nasalized Sounds in Yoruba,
Sievers, E., 1901, Grrmdziige der Phonetik, Breitkopf and Hartel, Leipzig.
Sledd,].
H., 1966, Breaking, Umlaut, and the Southern Drawl, Langllage, 42, no. 1, 1841.
Smith, N.
V., 1968, Tone in Ewe, QllarterlY Progress Report of the Research Laboratory oj
Speiser.Ti.
A., 1938, The Pitfalls of Polarity, Langllage, 14, no. 3, 187202.
Stanley, R. (forthcoming), The Phonology oj the Navaho Verb, unpublished Doctoral dissertation,
Stevens; A.
M., 1965, Language Levels in Madurese, Language, 41, no. 2, 294302.
Stockwell, R.
P., 1960, The Place of Intonation in a Generative Grammar of English, Stockwell, R.
P., 1964, Realism in Historical English Phonology, unpublished paper presented at the winter meeting of the Linguistic Society of America at the University of Stockwell, R.
P., 1966, Problems in the Interpretation of the Great English Vowel Shift,
Stockwell, R.
P., J.
D.
Bowen, and 1.
SilvaFuenzalida, 1956, Spamsh Juncture and Intonation, Language, 32, no. 4, 641665.
Sundby, B., 1954, Christopher Coopers English Teacher (1687), Munksgaard, Copenhagen.
Swe~ H. 1891, A Handbook of Phonetics, Henry Frowde, Oxford.
Teete: K~ V., 1964, The Wryot Language (University of California Publications in Linguistics, no. 37), University of California Press, Berkeley and Los Angeles.
Trager, G.
L., and H.
L.
Smith, 1951,.An Outline of English Structtlre (Studies m Linguistics : Trubetzkoy, N.
S., 1922, Les consonnes laterales des langues caucasiquesseptentrionales,
Bulletin de la SodeN de Linguistique de Paris, 23, 184204.
Trubetzkoy, N.
S., 1926, Studien auf dem Gebiete der vergleichenden Lautlehre der nordkaukasischen Sprachen, Caucasica, 3, 737.
Trubetzkoy, N.
S., 1931, Die Konsonantensysteme der ostkaukasischen Sprachen, Caucasica,
Trubetzkoy, N.
S., 1933, La phonologie actuelle, [ourna! de psychologie, 30, 227246.
Trubetzkoy, N.
S., 1936a, Essai dune theorie des oppositions phonologiques, [ourna! de Trubetzkoy, N.
S., 1936b, Die Aufhebung der phonologischen Gegensatze, Trauatcc du Trubetzkoy, N.
S., 1939, Aus meiner phonologischen Kar~oth~k.
I: Das phonologische
System der dunganischen Sprache, Trauatcc du Cercle L1I1gtllstlqlle de Pra~~/e,. 8, 2226.
Trubetzkoy, N.
S., 1958, Grrmdziige der Pbonologie, Vandenhoeck a.nd ~uprecht, Gottmgen.
Tucker, A.
N., 1940, The EasternSudanic Languages, I, Oxford University Press, London.
Vaillant, A., 1950, Grammaire comparee des langtles slaves, I, lAC, Lyon.
W.
S.Y.
Wang, 1967, Phonological Features of Tone, International [onrnal of.American
Welmers, W.
E., 1946, A Descriptive Grammar of Fanti, Supplement to Latlgtlage, 22, no. 3.
Welmers, W.
E., 1962, The Phonology of Kpelle, [onmal oj African Languages, I, no. 1, Wescott, R.
W., 1965, Review of J.
M.
C.
Thomas, Le parler Ngbaka de Bokanga: Phonologie, Westermann, D., and 1.
C.
Ward, 1933, Practical Phonetics for Stndents of.African Languages, e T.H., 1959, The LowCentralandLOlvBack Vowels ill the English of the Eastern United
States (publication of the American Dialect Society, no. 32), 6 and 100 ff.
Whitney, W.
D., 1941, Sanskrit GralJJ1JJar) Harvard University Press, Cambridge, Mass.
Williamson, K., 1967, Pitch and Accent in!i9, unpublished paper.
Winteler, J.
C; 1876, Die kerenzer MJmdart des Kantons Glarus in ibren Grundzugen dargestellt) Wright, J., 1905, The English Dialect GralJJ1JJar) Oxford University Press, Henry Frowde,
Wyld, H. c., 1927, A Short History oJEnglish) Verry, Lawrence, London.
I had already decided I wanted to be a linguist when I discovered this book.
But it is unlikely that I would have stayed in the field without it.
It has been the single most inspiring book is a Division of Walter de Gruyter GmbH & Co.
KG, Berlin. ® Printed on acidfree paper which falls within the guidelines Die Deutsche Bibliothek lists this publication in the Deutsche © Copyright 1957, 2002 by Walter de Gruyter GmbH & Co.
KG, 10785 All rights reserved, including those of translation into foreign languages.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopy, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.
Noam Chomskys Syntactic Structures was the snowball which began the avalanche of the modern cognitive revolution.
The cognitive perspective originated in the seventeenth century and now construes modern linguistics as part of psychology and human biology.
Depending on their initial conditions, children grow into adults with various language systems, some variety of Japanese if raised in Tokyo and Cornish English if raised in the village of Polperro.
Linguists seek to describe the mental systems that Japanese or Cornish people have, their language organs.
These systems are represented somehow in human mind/brains, are acquired on exposure to certain kinds of experiences, and are used in certain ways during speech comprehension or production and for a variety of purposes: communication, play, affects, group identity, etc.
Linguists also specify the genetic information, common to the species, which permits the growth of mature language organs in Cornish, Japanese, Dutch, Kinande and Navaho children.
The snowball has gained bulk and speed along these naturalistic lines over the last fifty years.
The variety of languages, the developmental patterns manifested by young children, the ways in which mature systems are underdetermincd by childhood experience, have provided a wealth of discoveries and of empirical demands for theories to meet, opening the prospect for more empirical demands as we begin to understand the brain mechanisms that might be involved in understanding and producing speech.
This kind of work on the growth of an individuals language capacity has influenced people studying other aspects of human cognition, where the empirical demands on theories are partially different and where it is harder to tease apart the contrientists and even immunologists (see Jerne 1967 and his 1985 Nobel Prize address) have engaged with this work.
That is the avalanche and it has affected many parts of the cognitive mountainside; Anderson and Lightfoot (2002) provides a recent survey of some of the work set in motion and Chomsky (2000) gives his current views.
It is interesting to look back from here on the snowball.
Snowballs always begin small and few people write books of just 1 18 short pages.
However, what is striking about this little book is that it contains nothing on cognitive representations, nothing on grammars as mental systems triggered by childhood exposure to initial linguistic experiences.
Chomsky arrived at some conclusions and developed some lines of thought which naturally provoked a radical rethinking of the status of grammatical descriptions, but, to judge from the earliest texts, it appears that he did this without any particular concern for cognitive The best discussion of these early years is the introduction to the version of the dissertation which was published in 1975 (The logical structure of linguistic theory, henceforth LSLT).
There Chomsky, writing in 1973, said that there would have been little notice of Syntactic Structures in the profession if Robert Lees had not written an extensive review, published in Language more or less simultaneously with the appearance of the book.
But that review touched only briefly on the may be too modest, the book was wellreceived in a number of reviews, and the work had a major impact quickly, notably through Chomskys presentation at the Third Texas Conference in 1958 (published as Chomsky 1962), although not everything went smoothly: the dissertation was rejected for publication by the Technology Press of
MIT and an article was rejected by the journal Word.
Syntactic Structures itself consisted of lecture notes for undergraduate classes at MIT, which C.
H. van Schooneveld offered to publish with Mouton, a sketchy and informal outline of some of the material in LSLT (Chomsky 1975: 3).
So these are the three central texts from this period: LSLT, Syntactic Structures, and Lees review.
It is also useful to look at the earliest analytical work of the new paradigm:
Klima (1964), Lees (1960) and (Lees and Klima 1963), for example.
However, one should keep in mind in addition that Chomsky was working on his review of Skinners acclaimed Verbal behavior (Chomsky 1959); the review was submitted in 1957 and sketched a way of looking at psychological behavior quite different from the prevailing The book was part of an attempt to construct a formalized general theory of linguistic structure... by pushing a precise but inadequate formulation to an unacceptable conclusion, we can often expose the exact source of this inadequacy and, consequently, gain a deeper understanding of the linguistic data (p. 5).
This was a foretaste of a strategy that Chomsky has pursued throughout his career, always willing to formulate proposals in accurate detail in order to see where the weaknesses lie, then reformulating, sometimes in radical fashion, moving much snow on the mountainside; one thinks of the filters of Chomsky and Lasnik (1977), the indexing conventions in the appendix of Chomsky (1980), and the features of Chomsky (1995: ch.4), which sought precision over elegance and biological plausibility and then gave rise to major reformulations of linguistic theory.
The immediate goal of the new work was to formulate precise, explicit, generative The fundamental aim in the linguistic analysis of a language L is to separate the grammatical sequences which are the sentences of L from the ungrammatical sequences which are not sentences of L.
The grammar of L will thus be a device that generates all of the grammatical sequences of L Lees and others were impressed with the outline of what they took to be a truly scientific perspective, and these were days of much concern about the nature of science.
Lees viewed the book as one of the first serious attempts on the part of a linguist to construct within the tradition of theoryconstruction a comprehensive theory of language which may be understood in the same sense that a chemical, biological theory is ordinarily understood by experts in those fields.
It is not a mere reorganization of the data into a new kind of library catalog, nor another speculative philosophy about the nature of Man and Language, but rather a rigorous explication of our intuitions about language in terms of an overt axiom system, the theorems derivable from it, explicit results which may be compared with new data and other intuitions, all based plainly on an overt theory of the internal structure of languages. (Lees 1957: 3778) Chomsky begins Syntactic Structures, then, by aiming to construct a grammar that can be viewed as a device of some sort for producing the sentences of the language under analysis.
More generally, linguists must be concerned with the problem of determining the fundamental underlying properties of successful grammars.
The ultimate outcome of these investigations should be a theory of linguistic structure in which the descriptive devices utilized in particular grammars are presented and studied abstractly, with no specific reference to particular languages.
One function of this theory is to provide a general method for selecting a grammar for each language, given a corpus of sentences of this language, (p. 11) The issue of selecting a grammar in this formulation was one for analysts comparing theories, not for children.
The celebrated discussion in chapter 6 about the goals of linguistic theory, the distinction between discovery, decision and evaluation procedures, is often cited as a discussion about what a child might be expected to do in the process of acquiring his/her grammar.
However, the text concerns the goals of an analyst and combats the structuralist goal of seeking a discovery method for grammars, whereby an analyst would follow the prescriptions of a manual, mechanical procedures for the discovery of grammars (p.55, n.6), and arrive at the correct description of some language.
Chomsky argued, in contrast, that it was too ambitious to expect such a methodology and that the most realistic goal was to find a way of comparing hypotheses for generating a particular corpus of data.
No talk of children but an effort to thwart the positivist notion that one could discover a predefined path to scientific truth (cf.
Popper 1959).
One may arrive at a grammar by intuition, guesswork, all sorts of partial methodological hints, reliance on past experience, etc...
Our ultimate aim is to provide an objective, nonintuitive way to In particular, there was no reason to expect a discovery method whereby a successful phonetic analysis would permit a successful phonemic analysis, which would allow a good morphological analysis and Once we have disclaimed any intention of finding a practical discovery procedure for grammars, certain problems that have been the subject of intense methodological controversy simply do not arise.
Consider the If units are defined by taxonomic procedures, then they need to be constructed on lower levels before higherlevel units are constructed out of those lowerlevel units.
However, once the goals are restricted to achieve an evaluation procedure, one may have independent levels argued that analysis at higher levels (of syntax) might influence lower (e.g. morphological) levels of analysis, and therefore that work on syntax could proceed even though there may be unresolved problems of phonemic or morphological analysis (p. 59), perhaps to the advanThis was the major methodological innovation and the claim to a genuinely scientific approach was based on the rigor of the formal, explicit, generative accounts and on the move away from seeking a discovery procedure in favor of an evaluation procedure for rating Any scientific theory is based on a finite number of observations, and it seeks to relate the observed phenomena and to predict new phenomena by constructing general laws in terms of hypothetical constructs such as (in physics, for example) mass and electron.
Similarly, a grammar of English is based on a finite corpus of utterances (observations), and it will contain certain grammatical rules (laws) stated in terms of the particular The technical innovation was to motivate different levels of analysis and representation, which were related to each other formally by the device of a transformational rule.
That involved various claims about the nature of grammars, that their primitives were independently defined, not a product of more basic semantic, functional or notional concepts (chapter 2), that they could not be formulated through finitestate Markov processes (chapter 3), and that restricting rule schemas to those of phrase structure grammars yielded clumsiness and missed insights and elegance which would be facilitated by operations relating one level of analysis to another, the socalled transChapter 5 offered three arguments for extending the expressive power of grammars beyond that of unadorned phrase structure grammars, one relating to conjunction reduction, another relating to activepassive relations.
The showcase analysis, however, the part of Syntactic Structures that excited the author (LSLT, 3031) and had the greatest effect on readers, was the new treatment of English auxiliary verbs (section 5.3).
Chomsky proposed a simple Auxiliary Transformation, later dubbed affix hopping, whereby an affix like ing, en or an abstract tense marker could be moved to the immediate right of an adjacent verb (29.ii).
This ingenious transformation, mapping one abstract level of representation into another (not sentences into other yielded an elegant account for the distribution of the periphrastic do, which could be characterized now as occurring with stranded affixes, which had no adjacent verb to hop over (p.62).
He observed that the grammar is materially simplified when we add a transformational level, since it is now necessary to provide phrase structure diChapter 7, entitled Some transformations in English, extended transtypes, yielding further simplifications over pure phrase structure gramconstituents (p. 83) and the same units recurred in a number of operaThe fundamental aspects of the analysis of auxiliaries have survived extensive discussion of almost 50 years.
In current formulations a central parameter of grammatical variation lies in how verbs may be connected to their tense markers, either as a result of a syntactic operation raising a verb to a higher functional category containing the tense marker (as in French, cf.
Emonds 1978) or what is now seen as a morphological operation lowering the tense marker on to an adjacent verb (as in modern English, cf.
Lightfoot 1993, Baker 2002), Chomskys (1957) Auxiliary Transformation Lasnik (2000) offers detailed discussion of this distinction and its relation to the proposals of SynAlways concerned to formulate as precisely as possible, Chomsky pointed out that the analysis entailed an ordering in the application of transformational rules (p.44) and a distinction between optional and obligatory rules (p.45).
That yields precision but also problems, if one views grammars as acquired by children exposed only to primary data.
If two rules must be ordered or if a rule needs to be classified as obligatory, then somebody viewing grammars as aspects of mature cognition would wonder how that could be triggered in a child.
If the two rules are misordered or if an obligatory rule applies optionally, Those nonoccurring sentences constitute the linguists evidence for the ordering or the obligatory character of rules, but that evidence is not available to young children.
If the sentences dont occur, they cant be part of the primary data, not part of what a child experiences, and we have a grammar which cannot be triggered and is unlearnable.
However, this was not an issue in 1957, when precision was the overriding goal and matters of learnability had not yet been raised explicThe last substantive chapter of Syntactic Structures deals with syntax and semantics, a relationship which has been widely misunderstood.
Chomsky argued that grammars are autonomous and independent of meaning in the sense that their primitives are not defined in semantic terms (p. 17).
That should not, however, blind us to the fact that there are striking correspondences between the structures and elements that are discovered in formal, grammatical analysis and specific semantic functions (p. 101).
So the units of syntactic analysis, syntactic constituents, are almost identical to the units of semantic analysis: the ambiguity of / saw the man with a telescope is reflected in two syntactic structures, one where a man with a telescope is a constituent and one where it is not.
The work assumes a usetheory of meaning, that grammars are embedded in a broader semiotic theory which uses the grammar to determine the meaning and reference of expressions.
There ties and the study of the structure of language as an instrument may be expected to provide insight into the actual use of language (p. 103); to argue that syntactic primitives are not defined semantically is not to deny connections between form and meaning (for discussion, see Syntactic Structures, of course, reflected the ambient intellectual culture of the mid1950s in some ways.
Chomsky offered operational definitions of wellformed sentences of a kind that a behaviorist psychologist could understand: they did not need to be meaningful or significant in any semantic sense (p. 15), not statistically frequent; they could be read with normal intonation contours, recalled readily, and learned quickly.
He carried over the notion of kernel sentences from his teacher Zellig Harris (1951), reformulating the notion as referring to sentences which had undergone no optional, only obligatory transformations (p.45); LSLT(4\ 45) offers detailed discussion of the relation between Harris transformations and Chomskys early work.
Indeed, one might argue that Syntactic Structures reflected existing practice in its silence on matters of cognition: there is reason to believe that structuralists were concerned with matters of cognition and wanted analyses which were psychologically plausible, but the concern was of the technical proposals.
Chomsky (1995) has revived the distinction ing single structures and the latter embedding clauses within other replaced in Chomsky (1965) by the principle of the cyclic application of rules, affecting most deeply embedded domains first, and then One can identify three phases in work on generative grammar.
The first phase, initiated by Syntactic Structures and continuing through Aspects of the theory of syntax (Chomsky 1965), elaborated the expressive power of grammars to include different levels of representation (Syntactic Structures) and a lexicon (the major technical innovation of Chomsky 1965).
The second phase, beginning in the 1960s and culminating in Government and Binding models, sought to constrain the expressive power of derivations, so that operations became very general, along the lines of Move something, and general principles of the theory of grammar (Universal Grammar by the 1960s) constrained such operations to apply appropriately.
The third phase has sought of Ockhams razor, under the Minimalist Program of Chomsky (1995).
The technical advances have been considerable (far too considerable to outline in a brief introduction) and we have learned vast amounts about the properties of individual languages, about the developmental stages that children go through, about the kind of variation that gramparametric approach to work on the periodic table of elements which These developments have taken place as linguists have taken seriously the cognitive perspective, viewing grammars as mental systems which grow in children on exposure to primary data, subject to the prescriptions of a genetically specified theory of grammars which permits only certain structures and options.
And they have taken place as linguists have taken their mathematical models seriously.
A clear example of this was an ad hoc principle which was required with the introduction of a distinct Binding Theory (Chomsky 1981).
The ungrammatically of *They expected that each other would leave was ascribed to Principle A of the new Binding Theory, leaving no account for the nonoccurrence of *They were expected would leave, featuring a displaced they; this had formerly been attributed to the same indexing conventions which had excluded the sentence with the reciprocal each other.
The response was a handful of snow to block the gap, precisely shaped and called the RESNIC, the residue of the earlier Nominative Island Constraint, which accounted for the mismoving they.
This irregular snowball gave rise, in turn, to its own avalanche, the Empty Category Principle, a condition on the positions from which elements might be displaced.
That principle yielded many new discoveries about a host of languages over the course of the 1980s (see, for example, Rizzi 1990).
It is not clear whether single ideas can be extrapolated from general systems and be awarded a prize for being the most productive, but the ECP would be a candidate and, in any case, illustrates the productiveness of taking the models seriously as predictive mechaWhat is remarkable about Syntactic Structures is how easily its claims were translatable into claims about human cognition, as Chomsky was to make explicit in his review of Skinner and then, famously, in the first chapter of Chomsky (1965).
There he redefined the field in more fundamental fashion and linked it to work on human psychology; from then on, matters of acquisition became central to linguistic theorizing.
The easy translation is the reason that the little book, having no discussion of matters of cognition, is nonetheless plausibly seen as the snowball which started it all.
The discussion about the goals of linguistic theory, for example, were straightforwardly translated pointforpoint into criteria for a theory of language acquisition by children: the theory provides an evaluation metric by which children rate the success of candidate grammars for the purposes of understanding some finite corpus of data embodied in their initial linguistic experiences, converging ultimately on the most Before he wrote the introduction to LSLT, Chomsky had come to view grammars as representations of fundamental aspects of the knowledge possessed by a speakerhearer, i.e. as claims about psychology (LSLT, 5).
Furthermore, there was a precise analog between the methodological claims of Syntactic Structures and LSLT and psychoThe construction of a grammar of a language by a linguist is in some respects analogous to the acquisition of language by a child.
The linguist has a corpus of data; the child is presented with unanalyzed data of langThe language learner (analogously, the linguist) approaches the problem of language acquisition (grammar construction) with a schematism that determines in advance the general properties of human language and the general properties of the grammars that may be constructed to account for We thus have two variants of the fundamental problem of linguistics, as it was conceived in this work: under the methodological interpretation, the problem is taken to be the justification of grammars; under the psychological interpretation, the problem is to account for language acquisition...
Under the methodogical interpretation, the selected grammar is the linguists grammar, justified by the theory.
Under the psychological interpretation, it is the speakerhearers grammar, chosen by the evaluation procedure from among the potential grammars permitted by the theory and compatible with the data as represented in terms of the preliminary analyThe psychological analog to the methodological problem of constructing linguistic theory was not discussed in LSLT, but Chomsky wrote that it lay in the immediate background of his own thinking: To raise this issue seemed to me, at the time, too audacious {LSLT, 35).
So, the realist position was taken for granted but not discussed, because too audacious.
Hence the ease of taking the general theory as a psychological theory that attempts to characterize the innate human There is plenty of internal evidence that Chomsky was interacting at this time with Eric Lenneberg, who was to pursue the biological perspective on language earliest and furthest (Lenneberg 1967).
However, the only explicit discussion of the cognitive/biological perspective in our central texts was the final section of the review, where Lees raised these issues in a kind of mystified optimism.
Perhaps the most baffling and certainly in the long run by far the most interesting of Chomskys theories will be found in their cohesions with the field of human psychology.
Being totally incompetent in this area, I shall allude to only one possible consideration, but one which I find extremely intriguing.
If this theory of grammar which we have been discussing can be validated without fundamental changes, then the mechanism which we must attribute to human beings to account for their speech behavior has all the characteristics of a sophisticated scientific theory. (Lees 1957: 406)...
If we arc to account adequately for the indubitable fact that a child by the age of five or six has somehow reconstructed for himself the theory of his language, it would seem that our notions of human learning arc due And considerable sophistication there has been.
Most subsequent work on language learning has followed Syntactic Structures in seeking theories which evaluate grammars relative to a corpus of utterances.
That is true of Chomsky (1965), Chomsky and Halle (1968), and of more modern work.
Robin Clarks Fitness Metric measures precisely the fitness of grammars with respect to a set of sentences (1). v, = the number of violations signaled by the parser associated with a given Si = the number of superset settings in the counter; b is a constant superset e t = the measure of elegance (= number of nodes) of counter /; c < 1 is a The central idea here is that certain grammars provide a means to understand certain sentences and not others; that is, they generate certain sentences but not others.
The Fitness Metric quantifies the failure of grammars to parse sentences, the violations, v.
The sum term, sigma, totals all the violations of all grammars under consideration, perhaps five grammars with a total of 50 failures or violations.
We then subtract the violations of any single grammar and divide by the total violations (multiplied by n 1).
This provides a number which grades candidate grammars.
For example, if one candidate has 10 violations, its score is 5010, divided by some number; if another candidate has 20 violations, its score is 5020, divided by that number, a lower score. (There are two other factors involved in the equation, a superset penalty s and a measure of elegance e, but they are subject to a scaling condition and play a lesser role, which I ignore here.) I have sketched Clarks Fitness Metric because it is the most sophisticated and precisely worked out evaluation measure that I know.
What it and other such evaluation measures do is rate grammars against a set of Although most work on learnability has followed the goals laid out for linguistic theories in Syntactic Structures, future work may permit a different approach to acquisition, providing a kind of discovery pro{T J=l Vj + bT j=] Sj + cT J=l e^ cedure: children may seek certain elements of grammatical structure, cues.
These cues would be prescribed at the level of UG in a kind of menu from which children select.
Some cues represent parameters of variation (i.e. occurring in some grammars but not others) and all cues would be found in the mental representations which result from parsing phrases and sentences that children are exposed to (Dresher 1999, Fodor 1998, Lightfoot 1999).
Some of those phrases and sentences would express cues, requiring the cued structure for understanding.
Under this view, children acquire a mature grammar by accumulating cued structures and children (and linguists) have a kind of disNearly fifty years ago Chomsky argued for explicit rigor, for various levels of representation provided by a theory of grammar, and for seeking a precise evaluation metric to compare grammars.
After almost fifty years of enrichment, we can revisit this matter and many others in the light of subsequent work developing theories of grammar and spelling out the details of Universal Grammar, seen now as defining the language faculty.
The ongoing investigation of this part of human cognition has been immensely productive; we have witnessed the considerable sophistication that Lees predicted.
We have learned a vast amount about many languages and we have learned different kinds of things: generativists adopting the biological, cognitive perspective have focused on where generalizations break down, because conveyed by the linguistic genotype, UG (see Vie Linguistic Review 19.1, 2002, for extensive discussion of the role of povertyofstimulus arguments).
The avalanche has also given rise to new kinds of studies of language acquisition by young children, new experimental techniques, explorations of language use in various domains, new computer models, new approaches to language history, all shaped by the core notion of a language organ.
It has also spawned new approaches to old philosophical questions, notions of meaning and reference, and
Chomsky has taken the lead in this area (for example, Chomsky 2000).
The cognitive analysis of language was reenergized by this remarkable snowball and it will continue for much longer, because much remains to be done now that the perspective has been widened. * I am grateful to colleagues who have commented on an earlier draft of this introduction: Noam Chomsky, Morris Halle, Norbert Hornstein, and Neil Smith.
They are all old enough to remember 1957, appearances to the contrary. 1 Bear in mind that these were notes for undergraduate classes.
Students were not familiar with Markov processes and needed to be introduced to string generating mechanisms.
This material does not feature in LSLT. presumably because it was remote from empirical issues.
The idea was to show that much richer systems were inadequate for natural language and that the goal should be the strong generation of structures, there being no grammaticalungrammatical distinction, as elaborated in LSLT (Chap2 Linguists who restrict themselves to mathematical descriptions might be said, generously, to be following the example of Syntactic structures, hoping that their analyses will be as automatically translatable into psychological claims as the ideas of 1957.
However, they deprive themselves of the wealth of empirical demands and guidance which come specifically from the psychological dimension, matters of learnability, etc.
It is worth noting in the shade of a footnote that linguists pursuing the cognitive perspective postulate genetic information needed to solve acquisition problems.
By discovering more and more about the genetic information required, we hope one day to learn something about the appropriate form of that information, a different and more ambitious matter.
Hypotheses abound but nobody is under any illusion that current ideas come anywhere near what will be needed to unify our hypotheses wiih what is known about genetic structure (if that is ever possible).
It may meanwhile be correct to say that certain information is required, but that just means that at this 2002 The language organ: Linguistics as cognitive physiology.
Cambridge:
2001 Vie atoms of language.
New York: Basic Books. 2002 Building and merging, not checking: The nonexistence of (Aux)SVO
1959 Review of B.
F.
Skinner Verbal Behavior.
Language 35: 2657. 1962 A transformational approach to syntax.
In A.
Hill. ed..
Proceedings of the Third Texas Conference on Problems of Linguistic Analysis in English. 1965 Aspects of the theory of syntax.
Cambridge, MA MIT Press
1975 The logical structure of linguistic theory.
New York: Plenum. 2000 New horizons in the study of language and mind.
Cambridge: Cambridge
1968 The sound pattern of English.
New York: Harper and Row.
1977 Filters and control.
Linguistic Inquiry 8.3: 425 504.
1992 The selection of syntactic knowledge.
Language Acquisition 2: 83149. 1999 Charting the learning path: Cues to parameter setting.
Linguistic Inquiry
1978 The verbal complex VV in French.
Linguistic Inquiry 9: 151 75.
1998 Unambiguous triggers.
Linguistic Inquiry 29. 1 : 1 36.
Methods in structural linguistics.
Chicago: University of Chicago Press.
1967 Antibodies and learning: Selection versus instruction.
In G.
C.
Quarton.
T.
Melnechuk and F.
O.
Schmitt. eds., 77/e neurosciences: A study pro1985 The generative grammar of the immune system.
Science 229: 10571964 Negation in English.
In J.
Fodor and J Katz. eds..
The structure of 2000 Syntactic Structures revisited: Contemporary lectures on classic trans1960 The grammar of English nominalizations.
Bloomington: Indiana Univer
1967 The biological foundations of language.
New York; John Wiley.
1993 Why UG needs a learning theory triggering verb movement.
In C.
Longman [reprinted in I.
Roberts and A.
Battye, eds..
Clause structure 1999 The development of language: Acquisition, change and evolution.
Oxford:
1 990 Relativized minimality.
Cambridge, M A : M IT Press.
This siudy deals with syntactic structure both in the broad sense (as opposed to semantics) and the narrow sense (as opposed to phonemics and morphologyl It forms part of an attempt to construct a formalized general theory of linguistic structure and to explore the foundations of such a theory.
The search for rigorous formulation in linguistics has a much more serious motivation than mere concern for logical niceties or the desire to purify wellestabfor linguistic structure can play an important role, both negative and positive, in the process of discovery itself.
By pushing a precise but inadequate formulation to an unacceptable conclusion, we can often expose the exact source of this inadequacy and, consequently, gain a deeper understanding of the linguistic data.
More positively, a formalized theory may automatically provide solutions for many problems other than those for which it was explicitly designed.
Obscure and intuitionbound notions can neither lead to absurd conclusions nor provide new and correct ones, and hence they fail to be useful in two important respects.
I think that some of those linguists who ha\e questioned the value of precise and technical development ot linguistic theory may have failed to recogni/e the productive potential in the method of rigorously stating a proposed theory and applying it strictly to linguistic material with no attempt to avoid unacceptable conclusions by ad hoc adjustments or loose formulation.
The results reported below were obtained by a conscious attempt to follow this course systematically.
Since this fact may be obscured by the informality of the presentation, it is structure and seek to determine their limitations.
We shall find that a certain very simple communication theoretic model of language and a more powerful model that incorporates a large part of what is now generally known as immediate constituent analysis cannot properly serve the purposes of grammatical description.
The investigation and application of these models brings to light certain facts about linguistic structure and exposes several gaps in linguistic theory; in particular, a failure to account for such relations between sentences as the activepassive relation.
We develop a third, transformational model for linguistic structure which is more powerful than the immediate constituent model in certain important respects and w hich does account for such relations in a natural way.
When we formulate the theory of transformations carefully and apply it freely to English, we find that it provides a good deal of insight into a wide range of phenomena beyond those for which it was specifically designed.
In short, we find that formalization can, in fact, perform both the negative and the positive service commentDuring the entire period of this research I have had the benefit of very frequent and lengthy discussions with Zellig S.
Harris.
So many of his ideas and suggestions are incorporated in the text below and in the research on which it is based that I will make no attempt to indicate them by special reference.
Harris work on different point of view from that taken below, is developed in items 15, 16, and 19 of the bibliography (p. 115).
In less obvious ways, perhaps, the course of this research has been influenced strongly by the work of Nelson Goodman and W.
V.
Quine.
I have discussed most of this material at length with Morris Halle, and have benefited very greatly from his comments and suggestions.
Eric Lenneberg, Israel Scheffler, and Yehoshua BarHillel have read earlier versions of this manuscript and have made many valuable The work on the theory of transformations and the transformational structure of English which, though only briefly sketched below, serves as the basis for much of the discussion, was largely earned out in 1951 55 while I was a Junior Fellow of the Society of Fellows, Harvard University. 1 would like to express my gratitude to the Society of Fellows for having provided me with the freedom This work was supported in part by the U.S A.
Army (Signal Corps), the Air Force (Office of Scientific Research, Air Research and Development Command), and the Navy (Office of Naval Research); and in part by the National Science Foundation and Introduction to Second Edition by David W.
Lightfoot... v 5 Limitations of Phrase Structure Description.. 34 6 On the Goals of Linguistic Theory. 49 12.
Appendix II: Examples of English Phrase Structure and Syntax is the study of the principles and processes by which sentenof a gi\en language has as its goal the construction of a grammar that can be viewed as a device of some sort for producing the sentences of the language under analysis More generally, linguists must be concerned with the problem of determining the fundaoutcome of these investigations should be a theory of linguistic structure in which the descriptive devices utilized in particular grammars are presented and studied abstractly, with no specific reference to particular languages One function of this theory is to provide a general method for selecting a grammar for each language, The central notion in linguistic theory is that ot linguistic level.
A linguistic level, such as phonemics. morphology, phrase structure, is essentially a set of descriptive devices that are made available for the construction of grammars, it constitutes a certain method for representing utterances.
We can determine the adequacy of a linguistic theory by developing ngorouslv and precisely the form of grammar corresponding to the set of levels contained within this theory, and then investigating the possibility of constructing simple and revealing grammars of this form for natural languages.
We shall study several different conceptions of linguistic structure in this manner, considering a succession of linguistic levels of increasing complexity which correspond to more and more powerful modes of grammatical description; and we shall attempt to show that linguistic theory must contain at least these levels if it is to provide, 111 particular, a satisfactory grammar of English, Finally, we shall suggest that this purely formal investigation ut the structure 1 The motivai i^n for the particular on cntation of the research reported here 2.1 From now on I will consider a language to be a set (finite or infinite) of sentences, each finite in length and constructed out of a finite set of elements All natural languages in their spoken or written form are languages in this sense, since each natural language has a finite number of phonemes (or letters in its alphabet) and each sentence is representable as a finite sequence of these phonemes (or letters), though there arc infinitely many sentences.
Similarly, the set < >f sentences of some formalized system of mathematics can be considered a language.
The fundamental aim in the linguistic analysis of a language L is to separate the grammatical sequences which are the sentences of L from the imgrammatical sequences which are not sentences of L and to stud> the structure of the grammatical sequences The grammar of I. will thus be a device that generates all of the grammatical sequences of I. and none of the ungrammatical ones One way to test the adequacy of a grammar proposed for L is to determine whether or not the sequences that it generates are actually grammatical, i c , acceptable to a native speaker, etc.
We can take certain steps towards providing a behavioral criterion for grammaticalness so that this test of adequacy can be carried out For the purposes of this discussion, however, suppose that we assume intuitive knowledge of the grammatical sentences of English and ask what sort of grammar will be able to do the job of producing these in some effective and illuminating way.
We thus face a familiar task of explication of some intuitive concept in this case, the concept grammatical in English, and Notice that in order to set the aims of grammar significantly it is sufficient to assume a partial knowledge of sentences and nonsentences.
That is, we may assume for this discussion that certain sequences of phonemes are definitely sentences, and that certain cases we shall be prepared to let the grammar itself decide, when the grammar is set up in the simplest way so that it includes the clear sentences and excludes the clear nonsentences 1 his is a familiar feature of explication 1 A certain number of clear ca^es, then, will provide us with a criterion of adequacy for any particular grammar.
For a single language, taken in isolation, this provides only a weak test of adequacy, since many different grammars may handle the clear cases properly.
This can be generalized to a very strong condition, however, if we insist that the clear cases be handled properly for each language by grammars all of which are constructed by the same method.
That is. each grammar is related to the corpus of sentences in the language it describes in a way fixed in advance for all grammars by a given linguistic theory.
Wc then have a very strong test of adequacy for a linguistic theory that attemps to give a general explanation for the notion grammatical sentence in terms of observed sentence, and for the set of grammars constructed in accordance with such a theory.
It is furthermore a reasonable requirement, since we arc interested not only in particular languages, but also in the general nature of Language.
There is a great deal more that can be said about this crucial topic, but this would take 2.2 On what basis, do we actually go about separating grammatical sequences from ungrammatical sequences.
I shall not attempt to
1 Cf , for example, N Goodman, The structure of appearance (Cambridge. 1951;, pp. 5 6.
Notice that 10 meet the aims of grammar, given a linguistic theory, it is sufficient to have a partial knowledge of the sentences (i e., a corpus of the language, since a l.ngu:stic theory will state the relation between the set of obsencd sentences and the set of grammatical sentences, i.e.,.t will define grammatical sentence in terms of observed sentence, certa.n proper! ies of the observed sentences, and certain properties of grammars.
To use Quines formulation, a linguistic theory will give a general explanation for what could* he in language on the basis of what is plus simplicity of the laws whereby we describe and extrapolate what is. (W.
V Quine, From a logical point of view [Cambridge, 1953J, p. 54) Cf. § 6.1. give a complete answer to this question here (cf. §§ 6.7), but I would like to point out that several answers that immediately suggest themselves could not he correct.
First, it is obvious that the set of corpus of utterances obtained by the linguist in his field work.
Any grammar of a language will project the finite and somewhat accidental corpus of observed utterances to a set (presumably infinite) of grammatical utterances.
In this respect, a grammar mirrors the behavior of the speaker w ho. on the basis of a finite and accidental experience with language, can produce or understand an indefinite number of new sentences.
Indeed, any explication of the notion grammatical in L (i.e , any characterization of grammatical in L in terms of observed utterance of L) can be thought of as offering an explanation for this fundamental aspect of linguistic behavior. 2.3 Second, the notion grammatical cannot be identified with meaningful or significant in any semantic sense.
Sentences ( 1) and (2) arc equally nonsensical, but any speaker of English will Similarly, there is no semantic reason to prefer (3) to (5) or (4) to (6V but only (3) and (4) are grammatical sentences of English.
Such examples suggest that any search for a seinantieally based definition of gramma ticalness will be futile.
We shall see, in fact, in § 7, that there arc deep structural reasons for distinguishing (3) and (4) from (5) and (6). but before we are able to find an explanation for such facts as these we shall have to carry the theory of syntactic structure a good deal beyond its familiar limits. 2.4 Third, the notion grammatical in English cannot be identified in any way with the notion high order of statistical approximation to English.
It is fair to assume thai neither sentence (1) nor (2) (nor indeed any part of these sentences) iias ever occurred in an English discourse Hence, in tnv statistical model f.»r grammaticalness. these sentences will be ruied out on identical grounds as cqudJy remote trom English.
Yet (I), though nonsensical, is grammatical, while (2) is not Presented with these sentences, a speaker of English will read (I ) with a normal sentence intonation, but he will read (2) with a falhng intonation on each word; in fact, with just the intonation pattern given to any sequence of unrelated words.
He treats each word in (2) as a separate phrase.
Similarly, he will be able to recall (1) much more easily than (2). to learn it much more quckly, etc.
Yet he may never have heard or seen any pair of words from these sentences joined m actual discourse.
To choose another example, in the context I saw a frjgilc , the words whale and ol  may have equal (i e. zero) frequency in the past linguistic experience of a speaker who will immediately recognize that one of these subst tutions. but not the other, gives a grammatical sentence We cannot, of course, appeal to the fact that sentences such as (1 1 might* be uttered in some sufficiently farfetched context, w hile(2) would never be, si nee the basi s for thisdiffcrentiation between (I) and (2) is precisel) what we arc interested m determining. utterances is not based on notions of statistical approximation and the like The cust.>m of calling grammatical sentences those that can occur, or those that are possible, has been responsible for some confusion here It is natural to understand possible as meaning highly probable* and to assume that the linguists sharp by a feeling that since the reality of language is too complex to be described completely, he must content himself with a schematized 2 13cl W we shall suggest that t Ins s liarp distinction may be nudilied in favor of a notion of levels of grammaticaines*.
But ihis has no bearing on the point at >Sbue here.
Thus (1 > and «2> will beat dfiercnt levcii of graninaticalncbS even if 1 is assigned a lvv.er degree uf gramn atica ncss than, say, (3> and 14), but they w ill be at the same.evel i f ati itical rem. teness from Engl sh The same s version replacing zero probability, and all extremely low probabilities, by impossible, and all higher probabilities by possible.*** We see. however, that this idea is quite incorrect, and that a structural analysis cannot be understood as a schematic summary developed by sharpening the blurred edges in the full statistical picture.
If we rank the sequences of a given length in order of statistical approximation to English, we will find both grammatical and ungrammatio al sequences scattered throughout the list; there appears to be no calness.
Despite the undeniable interest and importance of semantic and statistical studies of language, they appear to ha\e no direct relevance lo the problem of determining or characterizing the set of grammatical utterances.
I think that we are forced to conclude that grammar is autonomous and independent of meaning, and that probabilistic models give no particular insight into some of the 3 C.
F.
Hocketl, A manual of phonology I Baltimore, 1955, p. 10 4 We return to the question of the relation between semantics and sjntax in S§ 8, 9, where we argue that this relation can only be studied after the syntactic structure has been determined on independent grounds. 1 think that much the same thing is true of the relation between s>ntactic and statistical studies of language.
Given the grammar of a language, one can study the use of the language statistically in various ways; and the development of probabilistic models for the use of language ias distinct from the syntactic structure of language) can be quite rewarding.
Cf.
B.
Mandelbrot, Structure formellc des textes et communicationdeux etudes, Word 10.127 (1954); H.
A.
Simon,
On a class of skew distribution functions, Biometnka 42.42540 (1955).
One might seek to develop a more elaborate relation between stall itical and syntactic structure than the simple order of approximation model we have rejected.
I would certainly not care to argue that any such relation is unthinkable, but 1 know of no suggestion to this effect that does not have obvious flaws.
Notice, in particular, that for any n, we can find a string whose first n words may occur as the beginning of a grammatical sentence Si and whose last n words may occur as the ending of some grammatical sentence S 2 , but where S t must be distinct from S 2. for example, consider the sequences of the form the man who. are here, where. may be a verb phrase of arbitrary length Notxe also that we can have new but perfecty grammatical sequences of word classes, e g., a sequence of adjectives longer than any ever before produced in the context I saw a house.
Various attempts to explain the grammaiicafungrammatical distinction, as in the case of (1 ■, (2), on the basis of frequency of sentence type, order of approximation of word class sequences, etc., will run 3.1 Assuming the set of grammatical sentences of English to be given, we now ask what sort of device can produce this set (equivalently, what sort of theory gives an adequate account of the structure of this set of utterances).
We can think of each sentence of this set as a sequence of phonemes of finite length.
A language is an enormously involved system, and it is quite obvious that any attempt to present directly the set of grammatical phoneme sequences would lead to a grammar so complex that it would be practically proceeds in terms of a system of levels of representations.** Instead of stating the phonemic structure of sentences directly, the linguist sets up such higher level elements as morphemes, and states separately the morphemic structure of sentences and the phonemic structure of morphemes.
It can easily be seen that the joint description of these two levels will be much simpler than a Let us now consider various ways of describing the morphemic structure of sentences.
We ask what sort of grammar is necessary to generate all the sequences of morphemes (or words) that constitute One requirement that a grammar must certainly meet is that it be finite.
Hence the grammar cannot simply be a list of all morpheme (or word) sequences, since there are infinitely many of these.
A way out of this difficulty.
Suppose that we have a machine that can be in any one of a finite number of different internal states, and suppose that this machine switches from one state to another by producing a certain symbol (let us say, an English word).
One of these states is an initial state; another is a final state.
Suppose thai the machine begins in the initial state, runs through a sequence of states (producing a word with each transition), and ends in the final state.
Then we call the sequence of words that has been produced a sentence.
Each such machine thus defines a certain language; namely, the set of sentences that can be produced in this way.
Any language that can be produced by a machine of this sort we call a finite state language; and we can call the machine itself a finite state grammar.
A finite state grammar can be represented graphically in the form of a state diagram 1 For example, the grammar that produces just the two sentences the man comes and the men come can be represented by the following state diagram: We can extend this grammar to produce an infinite number of sentences by adding closed loops.
Thus the finite grammar of the subpart of English containing the above sentences in addition to the old man comes, the old old man comes, the old men come, the old old men come, can be represented by the 1 C.
E.
Shannon and W.
Weaver, The mathematical theory of communication Given a state diagram, we produce a sentence by tracing a path from the initial point on the left to the final point on the right, always proceeding in the direction of the arrow s.
Having reached a certain point in the diagram, we can proceed along any path leading from this point, whether or not this path has been traversed before in constructing the sentence in question.
Each node in such a diagram thus corresponds to a state of the machine.
We can allow transition from one state to another in several ways, and we can have any number of closed loops of any length.
The machines that produce languages in this manner are known mathematically as finite state theoretic model for language, we assign a probability to each transition from state to state.
We can then calculate the uncertainty associated with each state and we can define the information content of the language as the average uncertainty, weighted by the probability of being in the associated states.
Since we are studying grammatical, not statistical structure of language here, this This conception of language is an extremely powerful and general one.
If we can adopt it, we can view the speaker as being essentially a machine of the type considered.
In producing a sentence, the speaker begins in the initial state, produces the first word of the sentence, thereby switching into a second state which limits the choice of the second word, etc.
Each state through which he passes represents the grammatical restrictions that limit the choice of the next word at this point in the utterance. 2 In view of the generality of this conception of language, and its utility in such related disciplines as communication theory, it is important to inquire into the consequences of adopting this point of view in the syntactic study of some language such as English or a formalized system of mathematics.
Any attempt to construct a finite state grammar for English runs into serious difficulties and complications at the very outset, as the reader can easily convince himself.
However, it is unnecessary to attempt to show this by 2 This is essentially the model of language that Hockett develops in A manual example, in view of the followingmore general remark about English : That is, it is impossible, not just difficult, to construct a device of the type described above (a diagram such as (7) or (8)) which will produce all and only the grammatical sentences of English.
To demonstrate (9) it is necessary to define the syntactic properties of English more precisely.
We shall proceed to describe certain syntactic properties of English which indicate that, under any reasonable delimitation of the set of sentences of the language. (9) can be regarded as a theorem concerning English.
To go back to the question asked m the second paragraph of § 3, (9) asserts that it is not possible to state the morphemic structure of sentences directly by means of some such device as a state diagram, and that the Markov process conception of language outlined above cannot be accepted, at least for the purposes of grammar. 3.2 A language is defined by giving its alphabet (i.e. , the finite set of symbols out of which its sentences are constructed) and its consider several languages whose alphabets contain just the letters a, b. and whose sentences are as defined in (IOi nij: (10) (i) ab, aabb, aaabbb, , and in general, all sentences consisting of n occurrences of a followed by n occurrences of (u) aa, bb f abba, baab, aaaa. bbbb, aabbaa, abbbba , and in general, all sentences consisting of a string X followed by the mirror image* of X (i c , X in reverse), and only (iii) aa, bb, abab, baba, aaaa, bbbb, aabaab, abbabb, and in general, all sentences consisting of a string A of a % s and As followed by the identical string X, and onlj these.
We can easily show that each of these three languages is not a finite state language.
Similarly, languages such as (10) where the as and 6s in question are not consecutive, but are embedded in other strings, will fail to be finite state languages under quite general But it is clear that there are subparts of English with the basic form of (10i) and (IO11) Let S,, S 2i S it... be declarative sentences in English.
Then we can have such English sentences as:
(ii) Either S 3 , or S 4.
(ni) The man who said that.S 5 , is arriving today.
In (Hi), we cannot have or in place of then; in (llii), we cannot have then in place of or, in (lliii), we cannot have are instead of is.
In each of these cases there is a dependency between words on opposite sides of the comma (i.e., if then, words, in each case, we can insert a declarative sentence S ly S 3 , S 5 , and this declarative sentence may in fact be one of (1 1 iiii).
Thus if in (Hi) we take S, as (lln) and S 3 as (llni), we will ha\e the (12) if, either (llni), or 6 4 , then S 2 , and S s in (1 1 iii) may again be one of the sentences of (1 1).
It is clear, then, that in English we can lind a sequence a + S x + b, where there is a dependency between a and b, and we can select as S another sequence containing r + S 2 + 4 where there is a dependency between c and d, then select as S z another sequence of this form, etc.
A set of sentences that is constructed in this way (and we see from (1 1) that there are several possibilities available for such construction — (1 1) comes nowhere near exhausting these possibilities) will ha\c all of the mirror image properties of ( lOii) which exclude ( lOu) from the set of finite state languages.
Thus we can find various kinds of non3 Sec my Three models for the description of language, LR.E.
Transactions on Information Theory % \.>1.
IT2, Proceedings of the symposium on information theory, Sept., 1956, for a statement of such conditions and a proof of f9i Not:ce in particular that the set of wcl.formed formulas of any formalized system of mathematics or logi^ wii! fail to constitute a tinue state languagetinitc state models within Knghsh.
This is a rough indication of the lines along which a rigorous proof of (9) can be given, on the assumption that such sentences as (1 1) and (12) belong to lnglish, while sentences that contradict the cited dependencies of (1 1) (e.g., either S , then S 2  etc.) do not belong to English.
Note that many of the sentences of the form (12), etc., will be quite strange and unusual (they can often be made less strange by replacing if by whenever, on the assumption thai, if it is the case that, etc., without changing the substance of our remarks).
But they are all tion so simple and elementary that even the most rudimentary English grammar would contain them.
They can be understood, and we can even state quite simply the conditions under which they can be true It is difficult to conceive of any possible motivation for excluding them from the set of grammatical English sentences.
Hence it seems quite clear that no theory of linguistic structure based exclusively on Markov process models and the like, will be able to explain or account for the ability of a speaker of English to produce and understand new utterances, while he rejects other new sequences 3.3 We might arbitrarily decree that such processes of sentence formation in English as those we are discussing cannot be earned out more than n times, for some iixed n This would of course make English a finite state language, as, for example, would a limitation of English sentences to length of less than a million words.
Such arbitrary limitations serve no useful purpose, however.
The point is that there are processes of sentence formation that finite slate grammars are intrinsically not equipped to handle If these processes have no finite limit, we can prove the literal inapplicability of this elementary theory.
If the processes have a limit, then the construction of a finite state grammar will not be literall) out of the question, since it will be possible to list the sentences, and a list is essentially a trivial finite state grammar.
But this grammar wili be so complex that it will be of little use or interest In general, the assumption that languages are infinite is made in order to simplify the description of these languages.
If a grammar doc* not have recursive devices (closed loops, as in (oj, in the finite state Grammar) it will be prohibitively complex.
IF it does have recursive devices of In short, the approach to the analysis of grammaticalness suggested here in terms of a finite state Markov process that produces sentences from left to right, appears to lead to a dead end just as surely as the proposals rejected m $ 2.
If a grammar of this type produces all English sentences, it will produce many nonsentences as well.
If it produces only English sentences, we can be sure that there will be an infinite number of true sentences, false sentences, reasonable questions, etc., which it simply will not produce.
The conception of grammar which has just been rejected represents in a way the minimal linguistic theory that merits serious consideration.
A finite state grammar is the simplest type of grammar which, with a finite amount of apparatus, can generate an infinite number of sentences We have seen that such a limited linguistic theory is not adequate, we are forced to search for some more powerful type of grammar and some more abstract form of linguistic theory.
The notion of linguistic level of representation put forth at the outset of this section must be modified and elaborated.
At least one linguistic level cannot have this simple structure.
That is, on some level, it will not be the case that each sentence is represented simply as a finite sequence of elements of some sort, generated from left to right by some Mmplc device Alternatively, we must give up the hope of finding a Jmite set of levels, ordered from high to low, so constructed that we can generate all utterances by stating the permitted sequences of highest level elements, the constituency of each highest level element in terms of elements of the second level, etc., finally stating the phonemic constituency of elements of the nexttolowest level. 4 At the outset of § 3, we 4 A third alternative would be to retain the mtion of a linguistic level as a simple linear method of representation, but to generate at least one such Level from left to right by a device with more capacity than a finite state Markov process.
There are so many difficulties wiih the notion of linguistic level based on left to right generation, both in terms of complexity of description and lack proposed that levels be established in this way in order to simplify the description of the set of grammatical phoneme sequences.
If a language can be described in an elementary, lefttoright manner in terms of a single level (i.e., if it is a finite state language) then this description may indeed be simplified by construction of such higher levels; but to generate nonfinite state languages such as English v\e need fundamentally different methods, and a more general concept of explanatory power fcf. § 8), that it seems po.ntless to pursue th.s approach any further.
The grammars that we discuss below that do not generate from left to right also correspond to processes less elementary than finite state Markov processesBut they are perhaps less powerful than the kind of device that would be required for direct lefttoright generation of English Cf. my Three models for the description of language for some futher discussion. 4.1 Customarily, linguistic description on the syntactic level is formulated in terms of constituent analysis (parsing).
We now ask what form of grammar is presupposed by description of this sort.
Wc find that the new form of grammar is essentially more powerful than the finite state model rejected above, and that the associated concept of linguistic level is different in fundamental respects.
As a simple example of the new form for grammars associated Suppose that vve interpret each rule X~* Kof (13) as the instruction re.v rite V as >.
VSe shall call (14) a derivation of the sentence the man hit the ball. where the numbers at the right of each line of the derivation refer to the rule of the grammar (13) used in 1 The numbered rules of Engl sh grammar to which reference will constantly be made.n the following pages are collected and properly ordered in § 12, Appendix II.
The notational conventions that we shall use throughout the discussion of Engl.sh structure are stated in § 11, Appendix I.
In his * \xiomatic s>ntax. the construction and evaluation of a syntactic calculus, Language 31 409 14 (1955j, Harwood describes a system of word class analyses similar in form to the system developed below for phrase structure.
The system he describes would be concerned only with the relation between T >N V erb i T \ and the man Ihit } the ball in the example discussed the + man V hit + T + N the + man +■ /i/7 + fne fA Me + man + /;// t/we + ball Thus the second line of (14) is formed from the first line by rewriting Sentence as NP + VP in accordance with rule (i) of (13); the third line is formed from the second by rewriting NP as T f.V in accordance with rule (li) of (13); etc.
We can represent the derivation (14) in an obvious way by means of the following diagram: The diagram (15) conveys less information than the derivation (14), since it does not tell us in what order the rules v\ere applied in (14). in (13M15), i e., the grammar would contain the initial sti mg T V Verb tT V and such rules as (13iv~u .
It would thus be a weaker sysem than the elementary theory d scussed in § 3, s nee it could not generate an infinite language with a fin.tc grammar.
While Harwoods formal account ipp. 40V Uj deals only w th word dass analysis, the linguist c apph :alion i p 412 is a case of immediate constituent analysis, with the casses c, m presumably taken to be classes of word sequences This extended application is not quite coinpat ble with the formal account however.
For example, none of the proposed measures of goodness of fit can stand without revision under this rcinterpretation of the Given (14), we can construct (15) uniquely, but not vice versa, since it is possible to construct a derivation that reduces to (15) with a different order of application of the rules.
The diagram (15) retains just what is essential in (14) for the determination of the phrase structure (constituent analysis) of the derived sentence the man hit the ball.
A sequence of words of this sentence is a constituent of type Z if we can trace this sequence back to a single point of origin in (15), and this point of origin is labelled Z.
Thus hit the ball can be traced back to VP in (15); hence hit the ball is a VP in the derived sentence.
But  man hit cannot be traced back to any single point of origin in (15); hence man hit is not a conWe say that two derivations are equivalent if they reduce to the same diagram of the form (15).
Occasionally, a grammar may permit us to construct nonequivalent derivations for a given sentence.
Under these circumstances, we say that we have a case of constructional homonymity, 2 and if our grammar is correct, this sentence of the language should be ambiguous.
We return to the One generalization of (13) is clearly necessary.
We must be able to limit application of a rule to a certain context.
Thus 7 can be rewritten a if the following noun is singular, but not if it is plural, similarly.
Verb can be rewritten hits* if the preceding noun is man. but not if it is men.
In general, if we wish to limit the rewriting of X as > to the context Z — W, we can state in the grammar the rule For example, in the case of singular and plural verbs, instead of having Verb* hits as an additional rule of (13). we should have ( 1 7) AVNim, + Verb NP aing 4hits indicating that Verb is rewritten hits only in the context iVP s ,„ ff. 2 See § 8 1 for some examples of constructional homonymity.
See my TJie logical structure oj linguistic theory (mimeographed/, Three models for the description of language (above, p. 22, fn. 3); C.
F, Hockett, fwo models of grammatical description, Linguistics Today, Word 10.21033 (1954); R.
S.
Wells, Immediate constituents, Language 23 81117 (1947) for more detailed Correspondingly, (13 ii) will have to be restated to include NP iing and NP pl.s This is a straightforward generalization of (13).
One feature of (13) must be preserved. howc\cr, as it is in (17): only a single element can be rewritten in any single rule; i.e., in (16), X must be a single symbol such as T, Verb, and not a sequence such as T+ N.
If this condition is not met, we will not be able to recover properly the phrase structure of derived sentences from the associated diagrams of the form (15), as we did above.
We can now describe more general!) the form of grammar associated with the theory of linguistic structure based upon constituent analysis.
Hach such grammar is defined by a finite set 1, of initial strings and a finite set F of instruction formulas of the form X > Y interpreted : rewrite X as Y.
Though X need not be a single symbol, only a single symbol of A can be rewritten in forming Y.
In the grammar (13), the only member of the set I of initial strings was the single symbol Sententc, and F consisted of the rules (i) (vi); but we might want to extend I to include, for symbols.
Given the grammar [1,!■], we define a derhation as a finite sequence of strings, beginning with an initial string of I. and with each string in the sequence being derived from the preceding string by application of one of the instruction formulas of F.
Thus (14) is a derivation, and the fivetermed sequence of strings consisting of the first Jive lines of (14) is also a derivation.
Certain derivations are terminated derivations, in the sense that their final string cannot be rewritten any further by the rules F.
Thus (14) is a terminated derivation, but the sequence consisting of the first five 3 Thus in a more complete grammar, 13ii] might be replaced by a set of NP Un9 ~*T YN \ 0 ( , Prepositional Phrase) NPpi *T f V * S i l Prepositional Phrase) where S is the morpheme which js singular for verbs and pluial for nouns (* comes, boys), and 0 is the morpheme which is singular for nouns and plural for verbs ( boy, come).
We shall omit all mention of first and second person throughout this discussion.
Identification of the nominal and verbal lines of (14) is not If a string is the last line of a terminated derivation, we say that it is a terminal string.
Thus the 4 man + hit + the + ball is a terminal string from the grammar (13).
Some grammars of the form [X, P] may have no terminal strings, but we are interested only in grammars that do have terminal strings, i.e., that describe some language.
A set of strings is called a terminal language if it is the set of terminal strings for some grammar [I, F].
Thus each such language containing no sentences), and each terminal language is produced by some grammar of the form [£, FJ Given a terminal language and its grammar, we can reconstruct the phrase structure of each sentence of the language (each terminal string of the grammar) by considering the associated diagrams of the form (15), as we saw above We can also define the grammatical relations in these languages in a formal way in terms of the associated diagrams. 4.2 In § 3 we considered languages, called finite state languages, which were generated by finite state Markov processes.
Now we arc considering terminal languages that are generated by systems of the form [£, h] These two types of languages are related in the Theorem: E\cry finite state language is a terminal language, but there are terminal languages which are not finite state languages 4 The import of this theorem is that description in term» of phrase structure is essentially more powerful than description in terms of the elementary theory presented above in tj 3.
As examples of terminal languages that are not finite state languages we have the languages (lOi), (lOii) discussed in §3.
Thus the language (lOi), consisting of all and only the strings ah, aabb, aaabbb,... can be * See my Three models for the description of language (above, p. 22, fn. 3) for proofs of this and related theorems about relative power of grammars.
This grammar has the initial string L (as (13) ha^ the initial string Sentence) and it has two rules.
It can easily be seen that each terminated derivation constructed Irom (18) ends in a string of the language (IOi), and that all such strings are produced in this way.
Similarly, languages of the form (lOn) can be produced by [I, b] grammars (lOin). however, cannot be produced by a grammar of this tvpe, unless the rules embody contextual restrictions 5 In %; 3 we pointed out that the languages (IOi) and (lOn) correspond to subparts of English, and that therefore the finite state Markov process model is not adequate for English.
We now see that the phrase structure model does not fail in such cases.
We have not proved the adequacy of the phrase structure model, but we have shown that large parts of Hnglish which literally cannot be described in terms of the finitestate process model can be described in terms Note that in the case of (18), we can say that in the string aaahbb of ( 1 0 1), for example, ab is a Z, aabh is a Z, and aaabbb itself is a Z. 6 Thus this particular string contains three phrases, each of which is a Z.
This is, of course, a very trivial language.
It is important to observe that in describing this language we have introduced a symbol Z which is not contained in the sentences of this language.
This is the essential fact about phrase structure which gives it its Observe also that in the case of both (13) and (18) (as in every system of phrase structure), each terminal string has many different representations For example, in the case of (13), the terminal string the man hit the ball is represented by the strings Sentence. _XP + VP y T+ A VP, and all the other lines of (14). as well as bj such strings as NP+ Verb + NP> T+N + fut + NP, which would occur in other derivations equivalent to (14) in the sense there defined.
On the level of phrase structure, then, each sentence of the language is represented by a set of strings, not by a single string as it 5 See my On certain formal properties of grammars, Information and * Where is a is the relation defined in § 4 1 in terms of such diagrams as is on the level of phonemes, morphemes, or words.
Thus phrase structure, taken as a linguistic level, has the fundamentally different and nontnvial character which, as we saw in the last paragraph of § 3, is required for some linguistic level.
We cannot set up a hierarchy among the various representations of the man hit the ball, we cannot subdivide the system of phrase structure into a finite set of levels, ordered from higher to lower, with one representation for each sentence on each of these sublcvels.
For example, there is no way of ordering the elements \P and VP relative to one another.
Noun phrases are contained within verb phrase*, and verb phrases within noun phrases, in English.
Phrase structure must be considered as a single level, with a set of representations lor each sentence of the language.
There is a oneone correspondence between the properly chosen sets of representations, and diagrams 4.3 Suppose that by a [X, b] grammar we can generate all of the grammatical sequences of morphemes of a language.
In order to complete the grammar we must state the phonemic structure of these morphemes, so that the grammar will produce the grammatical phoneme sequences of the language.
Bui this statement (which we would call the morphophonemics of the language) can also be given by a set of rules of the form rewrite X m> Y\ e.g., for English, (iv).D past* .
D id (where D — t or d ) ( v ) Qmv + past> C unt , h t (where C unv is an unor something similar.
Note, incidentally, that order must be defi ned among these rules — e.g., (i.) must precede (v) or (vii). or we will derive such forms as , teykt for the past tense of take.
In these morphophonemic rules we need no longer require that only a single We can now extend the phrasstructure derivations by applying (19), so that we have a unified process for generating phoneme sequence from the initial string Sentence.
This makes it appear as though the break between the higher level of phrase structure and the lower levels is arbitrary.
Actually, the distinction is not arbitrary.
For one thing, as we have seen, the formal properties of the rules X* Y corresponding to phrase structure are different from those of the morphophonemic rules, since in the case of the former we must require that only a single symbol be rewritten.
Second, the elements that figure in the rules (19) can be classiiied into a finite set of levels (e.g., phonemes and morphemes; or, perhaps, phonemes, morphophonemes, and morphemes) each of which is elementary in the sense that a single string of elements of this level is associated with each sentence as its representation on this level (except in cases of homonymity), and each such string represents a single sentence.
But the elements that appear in the rules corresponding to phrase structure cannot be classified into higher and lower levels in this way.
We shall see below that there is an even more fundamental reason for marking this subdivison into the higher level rules of phrase structure and the lower level rules that convert The formal properties of the system of phrase structure make an interesting study, and it is easy to show that further elaboration of the form of grammar is both necessary and possible.
Thus it can easily be seen that it would be quite advantageous to order the rules of the set F so that certain of the rules can apply only after others have applied.
For example, we should certainly want all rules of the form (17) to apply before any rule which enables us to rewrite NP as NP + Preposition + NP, or the like; otherwise the grammar will produce such nonsentences as the men near the truck begins work at eight.
But this elaboration leads to problems that would carry 5.1 We have discussed two models for the structure of language, a communication theoretic model based on a conception of language as a Markov process and corresponding, in a sense, to the minimal linguistic theory, and a phrase structure model based on immediate constituent analysis.
We have seen that the first is surely inadequate for the purposes of grammar, and that the second is more powerful than the first, and does not fail in the same way.
Of course there are languages (in our general sense) that cannot be described in terms of phrase structure, but I do not know whether or not English is itself literally outside the range of such analysis.
However, I think that there are other grounds for rejecting the theory of phrase structure as inadequate for the purpose of linguistic description.
The strongest possible proof of the inadequacy of a linguistic theory is to show that it literally cannot apply to some natural language.
A weaker, but perfectly sufficient demonstration of inadequacy would be to show that the theory can apply only clumsily; that is, to show that any grammar that can be constructed in terms of this theory will be extremely complex, ad hoc, and *unrevealing\ that certain very simple ways of describing grammatical sentences cannot be accommodated within the associated forms of grammar, and that certain fundamental formal properties of natural language cannot be utilized to simplify grammars.
We can gather a good deal of evidence of this sort in favor of the thesis that the form of grammar described above, and the conception of linguistic theory that The only way to test the adequacy of our present apparatus is to attempt to apply it directly to the description of English sentences.
As soon as we consider any sentences beyond the simplest type, and in particular, when we attempt to define some order among the rules that produce these sentences, we find that we run into numerous difficulties and complications.
To give substance to this claim would require a large expenditure of effort and space, and I can only assert here that this can be shown fairly convincingly. 1 Instead of undertaking this rather arduous and ambitious course here, I shall limit myself to sketching a few simple cases in which considerable improvement is possible over grammars of the form [I, F].
In § 8 I shall suggest an independent method of demonstrating the inadequacy of constituent analysis as a means of des5.2 One of the most productive processes for forming new sentences is the process of conjunction.
If we have two sentences Z + X + f* / andZ+ Y + IV, and if Xand Y are actually constituents of these sentences, we can generally form a new sentence Z — X + and+ Y W.
For example, from the sentences (20ab) we can form (20) (a) the scene of the movie was in Chicago (b) the scene of the play was in Chicago
(21) the scene of the movie and of the play was in Chicago.
If X and > are, however, not constituents, we generally cannot do this. 2 For example we cannot form (23) from (22ab). 1 See my The logical structure of linguistic theory for detailed analysis of this * (21) and (23) are extreme cases in which there is no question about the possibility of conjunction.
There are many less clear cases.
For example, it is obvious that John enjoyed the book and liked the play (a string of the form NP — VP 4 andVP) is a perfectly good sentence, but many would question the grammatical ness of, e.g , John enjoyed and my friend liked the play (a string of the form NP J Verb r and Verb NP).
The latter sentence, in which conjunction crosses over constituent boundaries, is much less natural than the alternative John enjoyed the play and my friend liked it, but there is no preferable alternative to the former.
Such sentences with conjunction crossing constituent boundaries are also, in general, marked by special phonemic features such as extra long pauses ( in our example, between liked and the), contrastive stress and intonation, failure to reduce vowels and drop final consonants in (22) (a) the liner sailed down the river
(23) the liner sailed down the and tugboat chugged up the river.
Similarly, if X and Y are both constituents, but are constituents of different kinds (i e., if in the diagram of the form (15) they each have a single origin, but this origin is labelled differently), then we cannot in general form a new sentence by conjunction For example, we (24) (a) the scene of the movie was in Chicago (b) the scene that 1 wrote was in Chicago (25) the scene of the movie and that I wrote was in Chicago In fact, the possibility of conjunction offers one of the best criteria for the initial determination of phrase structure.
We can simplify the description of conjunction if we try to set up constituents in such a way that the following rule will hold: (26) If S x and S 2 are grammatical sentences, and 5, differs from S 2 only in that X appears in Si where Y appears in S 2 (i.e., S t =. .
X.. and S 2 — Y.. ), and X and Y are constituents of the same type in S± and S 2 , respectively, then S 3 is a sentence, where S 3 is the result of replacing X by X rand rY in S x
(i.e., S 3 =..X + and+ Y..). rapid speech, etc.
Such features normally mark the reading of nongrammatical strings.
The most reasonable way to describe this situation would seem to be b) a description of the following kind: to form fully grammatical sentences b> conjunction, it is necessary to conjoin single constituents, if we conjoin pairs of constituents, and these are major constituents fi e., high up* in the diagram fl5»>, the resulting sentences are semigrammatical, the more completely we violate constituent structure by conjunction, the less grammat cal is the resulting sentence.
This description requires that we generalize the grammaticalungrammatical dichotomy, developing a notion of degree of grammat icalness.
It is immaterial to our discussion, however, whether we decide to exclude such sentences as John enjoyed and my friend liked the play as ungrammatical, whether we include them as semigrammatical, or whether we include them as fully grammatical but with special phonemic features.
In any event they form a class of utterances distinct from John enjoyed the play and liked the book, etc., where constituent structure is preserved perfectly, and our conclusion that the rule for conjunction must make explicit reference to constituent structure therefore stands, since this distinction will have to be pointed out in the gramEven though additional qualification is necessary here, the grammar is enormously simplified if we set up constituents in such a way that (26) holds even approximately That is, it is easier to state the distribution of and by means of qualifications on this rule than to do so directly without such a rule.
But we now face the following difficulty: we cannot incorporate the rule (26} or anything like it ir a grammar [E, F] of phrase structure, because of certain fundamental limitations on such grammars.
The essential property of rule (26; is that in order to apply it to sentences S t and S 2 to form the new sentence S 3 we must know not only the actual form of S, and S 2 but also their constituent structure — we must know not only the final shape of these sentences, but also their history of derivation  But each rule X*Y of the grammar [I, F] applies or fails to apply to a given *tnng by virtue of the actual substance of this string.
The question of how this siring gradually assumed this form is irrelevant.
If the string contains X as a substring, the rule X* Y can apply to it; if not, the rule cannot apply.
We can put this somewhat differently.
The grammar [X, F] can also be regarded as a very elementary process that generates sentences not from left to right but from top to bottom.
Suppose that we have the following grammar of phrase structure: Then we can represent this grammar as a machine with a finite number of internal statev including an initial and a final state.
In its initial state it can produce only the element Sememe* thereb) moving into a new state.
It can then produce any string Y, such that Sentence *Y t is one of the rules of F in (27), again moving into a new state Suppose that Y t is the string .
A,..
Then the machine can produce the string .
Yj.. by applying the rule X } >Yj The machine proceeds in this way from state to state until it finally produces a terminal string; it is now in the final state.
The machine thus produces derivations, in the sense of *?4.
The important point is that the state of the machine is completely determined by the string it has just produced (i.e., by the last step of the derivation); more specifically, the state is determined by the subset of lefthand elements X t of F which are contained in this lastproduced string.
But rule (26) requires a more powerful machine, which can look back to earlier strings in the derivation in order to determine how Rule (26) is also fundamentally new in a different sense.
It makes essential reference to two distinct sentences S\ and S 2 , but in grammars of the [I, F] type, there is no way to incorporate such double reference.
The fact that rule (26) cannot be incorporated into the grammar of phrase structure indicates that even if this form for grammar is not literally inapplicable to English, it is certainly inadequate m the weaker but sufficient sense considered above.
This rule leads to a considerable simplification of the grammar; in fact, it provides one of the best criteria for determining how to set up constituents.
We shall see that there are many other rules of the same general type as (26) which play the same dual roie. 5.3 In the grammar (13) we gave only one way of analyzing the element Verb, namely, as hit (cf. (13vi)).
But even with the verbal root fixed (let us say. as take), there are many other forms that this element can assume, e g., takes, has+ taken, h ///h take, has r been + taken, is + being + taken, etc.
The study of these auxiliary verbs turns out to be quite crucial in the development of English grammar.
We shall see that their behavior is very regular and simply describable when observed from a point of view that is quite different from that developed above, though it appears to be quite complex if we attempt to incorporate these phrases directly into a [I, F] grammar.
Consider first the auxiliaries that appear unstressed ; for example, has in John has read the book but not does in John does read books. 3 We can state the occurrence of these auxiliaries in declarative sentences by adding to the grammar (13) the following * We return to the stressed auxiliary do below, in § 7.1 (45M47i, (iii) Aux*C(M) {have 4en) {be + i/ig) (be + en) (ii) Let ^/stand for any of the affixes past, S, 0, en, ing.
Let v stand for any M or V, or have or be (i.e., for any non(iiij Replace 4by # except in the context v — Af.
Insert # The interpretation of the notations :n (28 nO is as follows: we must choose the element C, and we may choose zero or more of the parenthesized elements in the gi\en order In (29i1 we may develop C into any of three morphemes, observing the contextual restrictions given.
As an example of the application of these rules, we construct a derivation in the style of (14\ omitting the initial steps. (30) the 4man 4\ erb 4the book from (I3iv) the 4man iAux 4 V + the 1 book (28 i) the man Aux 4read 4the — book (28ii) the 4man C + have ren rbe ring 4read + the + book the 4man i S 4have + en + be ting j read 4///e book 4 We assume here that (13n) has been extended in the manner of fn. 3, 6 If we were formulatng the theory of grammar more carefully, we would interpret # as the concatenation operator on the level of words, \s hile ■ L is the concatention operator on the level of phrase structure. (29; would then be part of the definition of a mapping which carries certain objects on the leve. of phrase structure (essentially, diagrams of the form (15i ■ into str.ngs of words.
See my
The logical structure of linguistic theory for a more careful formulation. the man + have t S 4 be i cw % read f ///c ^ r/if +• AooA: 4f ///£• # $ hare + i # Ac # rcW + «ijf 41 /Ac * AwiA =ft The morphophonemic rule* (19), etc. will convert the last line of phrase can be generated.
We return later to the question ol lurthcr restrictions thai must be placed on these rules so that only grammatical sequences can be generated Note, incidentally, that the morphophoncmic rules will have to include such rules as; will 4.S> Mill. «/// + past* would.
I licse rules can be dropped if we rewrite < 28 ni ) m> that cither Cor W. but not both, can besetted But now the forms wouhL could, might, should must be added to (28 iv). and certain sequence of tense statements become more complex.
It is immateral to our further discussion which of the^c alternative Notice that in order to apply (290 in (?0) we had to isc the fact that the 4man is a singular noun phrase A /\, r .
That is. wc had to refer back to some earlier step in the derivation in order to determine the constituent structure of the *n an (The alternative of ordering (29i)and the rule that develops A^,^ into the*man in such a wa\ that (29 1) must precede the latter is not possible, for a varietv ol reasons, sonic of which appear below ) Hence. (29 0, just like (26). goes beyond the elementary Markov tan character of grammars ol phrase structure, and cannot be incorporated within the [~. h] Rule (29ii) violates the requirements of [I, F] grammars even more severely.
It also requires reference to constituent structure (i.e., past history of derivation) and in addition, we have n > way to express the required inversion within the terms ol phrase structure Note that this rule is useful elsewhere in the grammar, at least in the case where Aj is ing Thus the morphemes to and ing play a v ery similar role wilhin the noun phrase in that they convert verb phrases etc.
We can exploit this parallel by adding to the grammar (13) the The rule (29 ii) will then convert ing + proie +that + theorem into proving # that + theorem.
A more detailed analysis of the IT shows that this parallel extends much further than this, in fact.
The reader can easily determine that to duplicate the effect of (38 iii) and (29) without going beyond the bounds of a system [I, F] of phrase structure, it would be necessary to give a fairly complex statement Once again, as in the case of conjunction, we see that significant simplification of the grammar is possible if we are permitted to formulate rules of a more complex type than those that correspond to a system of immediate constituent analysis.
By allowing ourselves the freedom of (29ii) we have been able to state the constituency of the auxiliary phrase in (28iii) w ithout regard to the interdependence of its elements, and it is always easier to describe a sequence of independent elements than a sequence of mutually dependent ones.
To put the same thing differently, in the auxiliary verb phrase we really have discontinuous elements e g., in (30), the elements ha\e..en and be ing.
But discontinuities cannot be handled within [I, F] grammars. 6 In <28iii) we treated these 6 We might attempt to extend the notions of phrase structure to account for discontinuities It has been pointed out several times that fairly serious difficulties arise in any systematic attempt to pursue this course Cf. my System of syntactic analyss, Journal of Symbolic Logic 18 242 56 1 1953), C. i .
Hockett, A formal statement of morphemic analysis.
Studies in Linguistus 10,2739 (1952); idem, Two models of grammatical description/ linguistics Today, Word 10.21033 (1954 .
Similarly, one might seek to remedy some of the other deficiencies of [I, F] grammars by a more complex account of phrase structure 1 think that such an approach k illadvised, and that it can only lead to the development ot ad hoc and fruitless elaborations.
It appears to be the case that the notions of phrase structure are quite adequate for a small elements as continuous, and we introduced the discontinuity by the very simple additional rule (29 ii).
We shall see below, in § 7, that this analysis of the element Verb serves as the basis for a farreaching and extremely simple analysis of several important features of 5.4 As a third example of the inadequacy of the conceptions of phrase structure, consider the case of the activepassive relation.
Passive sentences are formed by selecting the element be + en in rule 28 ni).
But there are heavy restrictions on this element that make it unique among the elements of the auxiliary phrase.
For one thing, be + en can be selected only if the following V is transitive (e.g., was + eaten is permitted, but not was + occurred) ; but with a few exceptions the other elements of the auxiliary phrase can occur freely with verbs.
Furthermore, be hen cannot be selected if the verb V is followed by a noun phrase, as in (30) (e.g.. we cannot in general have AT +is Y V \en+ V/>, even w hen V is transitive — we cannot have lunch is eaten John).
Furthermore, if Kis transitive and is followed by the prepositional phrase by + A/\ then we must select be en (we can have lunch is eaten by John but not  John is eating by lunch, etc.).
Finally, note that in elaborating (13) into a fullfledged grammar we will ha\e to place many restrictions on the choice of Km terms of subject and object in order to permit such John plays golf.
John drinks wine. while excluding the inverse part of the language and that ii le rest of the language can be derived by repeated appi :aton of a rather simple set of transformai.ons to the strings g.ven by the phrase structure grammar.
If we were to attempt to extend phrase structure grammar to cover the entire language directly, we would lose the Simplicity of the lim.ted phrase structure grammar and of the transformational development.
Thii approach would miss the main point of level construction v cf. first paragraph of § 3 I , namely, to rebuild the vast complexity of the actual language more elegantly and systematically by extracting the contribution to this complexity of several l.nguistic levels, each of which is simple in itself. 7 Here too we mjght make use of a notion of levels of grammaticalness as suggested :n footnote 2, p. 35.
Thus sincerity adm.res John, though clearly less grammatical than John admires sincerity,* is certainly more grammatical golf plays John, wine drinks John.
But this whole network of restrictions fails completely when we choose be 4 en as part of the auxiliary verb.
In fact, m this case the same selectional dependencies hold, but in the opposite order.
That is, for every sentence AT,— V—NP 2 wc can have a corresponding sentence AT^ — ij+ Ven — by]NP X .
If we try to include passives directly in the grammar (13), we shall have to restate all of these restrictions in the opposite order for the case in which be + en is chosen as part of the auxiliary verb.
This inelegant duplication, as well as the special restrictions involving the element be + en, can be avoided only if we deliberately exclude passives from the grammar of phrase structure, and (34) If Si is a grammatical sentence of the form MP l — Aux — V\P 2 , NP 2 Aux 4be h en Vby+ V/^ ror example, if John Cadmire sincerity is a sentence, then sincerity C + be ±en — admire by V John (which by (29) and
(19) becomes sincerity is admired by John) is also a sentence.
We can now drop the element be J en, and all of the special restrictions associated with it, from (28 hi).
The fact that be + en lequires a transitive verb, that it cannot occur before V + NP. that it must occur before V^by + AV (where (is transitive), that it inverts the order of the surrounding noun phrases, is in each case an automatic consequence of rule (34) This rule thus leads to a considerable simplification of the grammar.
But (34) is well beyond the limits of [I, F] grammars.
Like (29 n), it requires reference to the constituent structure of the string to which it applies and it carries out an inversion on this string in a structurally determined manner. than of admires John, I believe that a workable notion of degree of grammaticalness can be developed in purely formal terms I cf. m> The logical structure of linguistic theory , but this goes beyond the bounds of the present discussjon.
See § 7.5 for an even stronger demonstration that inversion is necessary.n the 5.5 We have discussed three rules ((26), (29), (34)) which materially simplify the description of English but w hich cannot be incorporated into a [L, F J grammar.
There are a great many other rules of this type, a few of which we shall discuss below.
By further study of the limitations of phrase structure grammars with respect to English we can show quite conclusively that these grammars will be so hopelessly complex that they will be without interest unless we incorIf we examine carefully the implications of these supplementary rules, however, we see that they lead to an entirely new conception of linguistic structure.
Let us call each such rule a grammatical given string (or, as in the case of (26), on a set of stnngs) with a given constituent structure and converts it into a new string with a new derived constituent structure.
To show exactly how this operation is performed requires a rather elaborate study which would go far beyond the scope of these remarks, but we can in fact develop a certain fairly complex but reasonably natural algebra of From these few examples we can already detect some of the essential propeities of a transformational grammar.
For one thing, it is clear that we must define an order of application on these must apply before (29).
It must precede (29i), in particular, so that the verbal element in the resulting sentence will have the same number as the new grammatical subject of the passive sentence.
And it must precede (29ii) so that the latter rule will apply properly to the new inserted clement be 1 en. (In d scussing the question of whether or not (29 1) can be fitted into a [I, F] grammar, we mentioned that this rule could not be required to apply before the rule
8 See my Three models f.>r the description of language above, p. 22, fn. 3. for a brief acccint of iransf^rmat.ons, and The logical structure of linguistic rheorj ar.d Traihf<>rmatunal 4naly<;i\ for a detailed development of transformational algebra and transformational grammars.
Sec Z.
S Harris, Cooccurrence and Tramformatns in hngjistic structure, Language 13 283 340
(1957), for a somewhat different approach to transformational analysis. analyzing N}\ ing into (he man. etc.
One reason for this is now obvious (29 i) must apply after (341, but (34) must apply after the analysis of A7 J Ufl9 , or we will not have the proper selectional relations between the subject and verb and the \crb and agent in whereas others are only optional.
For example, (29) must be applied to every derivation, or the result will simply not be a sentence. 9 But (34), the passive transformation, may or may not be applied in any particular case.
Either way the result is a sentence.
Hence (29) is an obligatory transformation and (34) is an optional transleads us to set up a fundamental distinction among the sentences of the language Suppose that we have a grammar G with a [Z, F] part and a transformational part, and suppose that the transformational ones.
Then we define the kernel of the language (in terms of the grammar G) as the set of sentences that are produced when we apply obligatory transformations to the terminal strings of the [I, P] grammar.
The transformational part of the grammar will be set up in such a way that transformations can apply to kernel sentences (more correctly, to the forms that underlie kernel sentencesi.e., to terminal strings of the [I.
F] part of the grammar) or to prior transforms.
Thus every sentence of the language will either belong to the kernel or will be derived from the strings underlying one or more kernel sentences by a sequence of one or From these considerations we are led to a picture of grammars as level of phrase structure, a grammar has a sequence of rules of the form ,Y» Y, and corresponding to lower levels it has a sequence of • But of the three parts of (29 i„ only the third is obligatory.
Thai is, past may occur after NP itag. or NP pt .
Whenever we have an element such as Cin (29i) which must be developed, but perhaps in several alternative ways, we can order the alternatives and make each one but the last optional, and the last , obligatory. morphophonemic rules of the same basic form.
Linking these two sequences, it has a sequence of transformational rules Thus the To produce a sentence from such a grammar we construct an the rules of F we construct a terminal string that will be a sequence of morphemes, though not necessarily in the correct order.
Wc then run through the sequence of transformations [j, .
T,, applying each obligatory one and perhaps certain optional ones These transformations may rearrange strings or may add or delete morphemes.
As a result they yield a string of words.
We then run of words into a string of phonemes.
The phrase structure segment of the grammar will include suoh rules as those of (13), (17) and (28).
The transformational part will irclude such rules as (26), (29) and (34), formulated properly in the terms that must be developed in a will include such rules as (19) This sketch of the process of generation of sentences must (and easily can) be generalized to allow for proper functioning of such rules as (26) which operate on a set of sentences, and to allow transformations to reapply to transforms so that more and more complex sentences can be produced.
When we apply only obligatory transformations in the generation of a given sentence, we call the resulting sentence a kernel sentence.
Further investigation would show that in the phrase structure and morphophonemic parts of the grammar we can also extract a skeleton of obligatory rules that must be applied whenever we reach them m the process of generating a sentence.
In the last few paragraphs of § 4 we pointed out that the phrase structure rules lead to a conception of linguistic structure and level of representation that is fundamentally different from that provided by the morphophonemic rules.
On each of the lower levels corresponding to the lower third of the grammar an utterance is, in general, represented by a single sequence of elements.
But phrase structure cannot be broken dovsn into sublevels: on the level of phrase structure an utterance is represented by a set of strings that cannot be ordered into higher or lower levels.
This set of representing strings is equivalent to a diagram of the form (15).
On the transformational level, an utterance is represented even more abstractly in terms of a sequence of transformations by which it is derived, ultimately from kernel sentences (more correctly, from the strings which underlie kernel sentences).
There is a very natural general definition of linguistic level that includes all of these cases, 10 and as we shall see later, there is good reason to consider each of these structures to be a that it is essentially more powerful than description in terms of phrase structure, just as the latter is essentially more powerfull than description in terms of finite state Markov processes that generate sentences from left to right.
In particular, such languages as (lOiii) which he beyond the bounds of phrase structure description with contextfree rules can be derived transformationally. 11 It is important to observe that the grammar is materially simplified when we add a transformational level, since it is now necessary to provide phrase structure directly only for kernel sentences — the terminal strings of the [£, F] grammar are just those which underlie kernel lft Cf.
The logical structure of linguistic theory and Transformational Anal) sis. 11 Let G be a [£, F] grammar with the initial string Sentence and with the set of all finite strings of as and bs as its terminal output There is such a grammar.
Let G be the grammar which contains G as its phrase structure part, supplemented by the transformation T that operates on any string K which is a
Sentence, converting it into K K.
Then the output of G is (luiii).
Cf. p. 31. sentences.
We choose the kernel sentences in such a way that the terminal strings underlying the kernel are easily derived by means of a [I, F] description, while all other sentences can be derived from these terminal strings by simply statable transformations.
We ha\e seen, and shall see again below, several examples of simplifications investigation of English provides a great many more cases.
One further point about grammars of the form (35) deserves mention, since it has apparently led to some misunderstanding.
We have described these grammars as devices for generating sentences.
This formulation has occasionally led to the idea thai there is a certain asymmetry in giammatical theory in the sense that grammar is taking the point of view of the speaker rather than the hearer; that it is concerned with the process of producing utterances rather than the inverse process of analyzing and mars of the form that we have been discussing are quite neutral as between speaker and hearer, between synthesis and analysis of utterances.
A grammar does not tell us how to synthesize a specific utterance, it docs not tell us how to analyze a particular given utterance In fact, these two tasks which the speaker and hearer must perform are essentially the same, and arc both outside the scope of grammars of the form (35) Each such grammar is simply a description of a certain set of utterances, namely, those which it generates.
From this grammar we can reconstruct the formal relations that hold among these utterances in terms of the the issue can be clarified by an analogy to a part of chemical theory might be said to generate all physically possible compounds just as would serve as a theoretical basis for techniques of qualitative analysis and synthesis of specific compounds, just as one might rely on a grammar in the investigation of such special problems as 6.1 In §§ 3, 4 two models of linguistic structure were developed: a simple communication theoretic model and a formalized version of immediate constituent analysis.
Each was found to be inadequate, and in § 5 I suggested a more powerful model combining phrase inadequacies.
Before going on to explore this possiblity, I would like to clarify certain points of view that underlie the whole approach structure is the problem of justification of grammars.
A grammar of the language L is essentially a theory of L.
Any scientific theory is based on a finite number of observations, and it seeks to relate the observed phenomena and to predict new phenomena by constructing general laws in terms of hypothetical constructs such as (in physics, for example) mass and electron.
Similarly, a grammar of English is based on a finite corpus of utterances (observations), and it will contain certain grammatical rules (laws) stated in terms of the particular phonemes, phrases, etc., of English (hypothetical sentences of the corpus and the indefinite number of sentences generated by the grammar beyond the corpus (predictions).
Our problem is to develop and clarify the criteria for selecting the correct grammar for each language, that is, the correct theory of this Two types of criteria were mentioned in §2.1.
Clearly, every grammar will have to meet certain external conditions of adequacy; e.g., the sentences generated will have to be acceptable to the native speaker.
In § 8 we shall consider several other external conditions of this sort.
In addition, we pose a condition of generality on grammars; we require that the grammar of a given language be constructed m accordance with a specific theory of linguistic structure in which such terms as phoneme and phrase are defined independently of any particular language. 1 If we drop either the external conditions or the generality requirement, there will be no way to choose among a vast number of totally different grammars/ each compatible with a given corpus.
But, as we observed in § 2.1, these requirements jointly give us a very strong test of adequacy for a general theory of linguistic structure and the set of grammars that Notice that neither the general theory nor the particular grammars are fixed for all time, in this view.
Progress and revision may come from the discovery of new facts about particular languages, or from purely theoretical insights about organization of linguistic data ■ that is, new models for linguistic structure.
But there is also no circularity in this conception.
At any given time we can attempt to formulate as precisely as possible both the general theory and the set of associated grammars that must meet the empirical, external We have not yet considered the following very crucial question: What is the relation between the general theory and the particular grammars that follow from it.
In other words, what sense can we gi\e to the notion follow from, in this context.
It is at this point that our approach will diverge sharply from many theories of The strongest requirement that could be placed on the relation between a theory of linguistic structure and particular grammars is that the theory must provide a practical and mechanical method for 1 I presume that these two conditions are similar to what Hjelmslev has in mind when he speaks of the appropriateness and arbitrariness of linguistic theory.
Cf.
L.
Hjelmslev, Prolegomena to a theory of language Memoir 7, Indiana
Vmversity Publications Antropology and Linguistics (Baltimore, 1953j, p 8.
See also Hocketts discussion of  metacntena for linguistics (Two models of grammatical description, Linguistics Today, Word 10.2323) in this connection. actually constructing the grammar, given a corpus of utterances.
Let us say that such a theory provides us with a discovery procedure A weaker requirement would be that the theory must provide a practical and mechanical method for determining whether or not a grammar proposed for a given corpus is, in fact, the best grammar of the language from which this corpus is drawn.
Such a theory, which is not concerned with the question of how this grammar was constructed, might be said to provide a decision procedure for An even weaker requirement would be that given a corpus and given two proposed grammars G, and G 2 , the theory must tell us which is the better grammar of the language from which the corpus is drawn.
In this case we might say that the theory provides an These theories can be represented graphically in the following Figure (36i) represents a theory conceived as a machine with a corpus as its input and a grammar as its output ; hence, a theory that provides a discovery procedure. (36 11) is a device with a grammar and a corpus as its inputs, and the answers yes or no as its outputs, as the grammar is or is not the correct one; hence, it represents a theory that provides a decision procedure for grammars. (36iii) represents a theory with grammars Gj and G 2 and a corpus as inputs, and the more preferable of G, and G 2 as output, hence a theory that provides an evaluation procedure for gramThe point of view adopted here is that it is unreasonable to demand of linguistic theory that it provide anything more than a practical evaluation procedure for grammars.
That is, we adopt the weakest of the three positions described above As I interpret most of the more careful proposals for the development of linguistic theory, 3 they attempt to meet the strongest of these three requirements.
That is, they attempt to state methods of analysis that an investigator might actually use, if he had the time, to construct a grammar of a language directly from the raw data.
I think that it is very questionable that this goal is attainable in any interesting w ay, 8 The basic question at issue is not changed if we are willing to accept a small set of correct grammars instead of a single one 8 For example, B.
Bloch, A set of postulates for phonemic analysis, Language 24.346 (1948); N.
Chomsky, Systems of syntactic analysis, Journal of Symbolic Logic 18.24256 (1953); Z.
S.
Harr.s, 1 rom phoneme to morpheme.
Language 31 190222 (1955 1, idem, Methods in structural linguistic!, (Chicago, 1951); C.
F.
Hockett, A formal statement of morphemic analysis, Studies in Linguistics 10.2739 (1952), idem, Problems of morphemic anabsis.
Language 23 32143 (1947); R.
S.
Wells, Immediate constituents, Language 23.81 117 (1947); and many other works.
Although disco\ery procedures are the explicit goal of these works, we often find on careful examination that the theory that has actually been constructed furnishes no more than an evaluation procedure for grammars.
For example, Hockett states h>s aim in A formal statement of morphemic analysis as the development of formal procedures by which one can work from scratch to a complete description of the pattern of a language (p. 27); but what he actually does is describe some of the formal properties of a morphological analysis and then propose a criterion whereby the relative efficiency of two possible morphic solutions can be determined; with that, we can choose the maximally efficient possibility, or, arbitrarily, any one of those which are equally efficient but more efficient than all others (p. 29). and I suspect that any attempt to meet it will lead into a maze of more and more elaborate and complex analytic procedures that will fail to provide answers for many important questions about the nature of linguistic structure.
I believe that by lowering our sights to the more modest goal of developing an evaluation procedure for grammars we can focus attention more clearly on really crucial problems of linguistic structure and we can arrive at more satisfying answers to them.
The correctness of this judgment can only be determined by the actual development and comparison of theories of these various sorts.
Notice, however, that the weakest of these three requirements is still strong enough to guarentee significance for a theory that meets it There are few areas of science in which one would seriously consider the possibility of developing a general, In the case of each of these conceptions of linguistic theory we have qualified the characterization of the type of procedure by the word practical.
This vague qualification is crucial for an empirical science.
Suppose, for example, that we were to evaluate grammars by measuring some such simple properly as length.
Then it would be correct to say that we have a practical evaluation procedure for grammars, since we could count the number of symbols they contain; and it would also be literally correct to say that we have a discovery procedure, since wc can order all sequences of the finite number of symbols from which grammars are constructed in terms of length, and we can test each of these sequences to see if it is a grammar, being sure that after some finite amount of time we shall rind the shortest sequence that qualifies.
But this is not the type of discovery procedure that is contemplated by those who are Suppose that we use the word simplicity to refer to the set of formal properties of grammars that we shall consider in choosing among them.
Then there are three main tasks in the kind of program for linguistic theory that we have suggested.
First, it is necessary to state precisely (i f possible, w ith operational, behavioral tests) the external criteria of adequacy for grammars.
Second, we must characterize the form of grammars in a general and explicit way so that we can actually propose grammars of this form for particular languages.
Third, we must analyze and define the notion of simplicity that we intend to use in choosing among grammars all of which are of the proper form .
Completion of the latter two tasks will enable us to formulate a general theory of linguistic structure in which such notions as phoneme in L. phrase in L, transformation in L are defined for an arbitrary language L in terms of physical and distributional properties of utterances of L and formal properties of grammars of L. 4 For example, we shall define the set of phonemes of L as a set of elements which have certain physical and distributional properties, and which appear in the simplest grammar for L.
Given such a theory, we can attempt to construct grammars for actual languages, and we can determine whether or not the simplest grammars that we can find (i.e., the grammars that the general theory compels us to choose) meet the external conditions of adequacy We shall continue to revise our notions of simplicity and out characterization of the form of grammars until the grammars selected by the theory do meet the external conditions. 5 Notice that this theory may not tell us, in any practical way, howto actually go about constructing the grammar of a given language from a corpus.
But it must tell us how to evaluate such a grammar; it must thus enable us to choose between two proposed grammars.
In the preceding sections of this study we have been concerned with the second of these three tasks.
We ha\e assumed that the set of grammatical sentences of English is given and that we have some notion of simplicity, and we have tried to determine what sort of grammar will generate exactly the grammatical sentences in some simple way.
To formulate this goal in somewhat different terms, 4 Linguistic theory will thus be formulated in a metalanguage to the language in which grammars are written — a metametalanguage to any language s We may in fact revise the criteria of adequacy, too, in the course of research.
That is, wc may dec ide that certain of these tests do not apply to grammatical phenomena.
The subject matter of a theory is not completely determined in advance of investigation.
It is partially determined by the possibility of giving an organized and systematic account of some range of phenomena. wc remarked above that one of the notions that must be defined in genera] linguistic theory is sentence in L.
Filtering into the ochmtMns will be such lerim as  observed utterance in L\ simplicity of the grammar of L, etc.
This general theory is accordingly concerned with Clarifying the relation between the set of grammatical sentence and the set of observed sentences Our investigation ot the structure of the former set is a preparatory study, proceeding fr.Mii the assumption that before we can characterize this relation clcarlv, we will have to know a great deal more about the formal In 7 below, we shall continue to investigate the relative complexity ol various wjyv ol describing English structure.
In particular, ue shal 1 be concerned with the question of whether the whole grammar < simplified it we consider a certain class of sentences to be kerne: sentences or if we consider them to be derived by transformat on We thus arrive at certain decisions about the structure of Engl. sh.
In ^ 8 we shall argue that there is independent evidence in favor ol our method lor selecting grammars.
That is, we shall try to show that the simpler grammars meet certain external conditions of adequacy while the more complex grammars that embody different decisions about assignment ot sentences to the kernel, etc., lail these conditions.
These results can be no more than suggestive, however, until we give a rigorous account of the nation of simplicity employed.
I thnk that such anaccountcan be given. but this would go.>eyi>nd the scope ol the present monograph.
Nevertheless, it should be fairly clear that under any reasonable definition of simplicity (f grammar, most of the dec.sions about relative Notice that simplicity is a systematic measure, the only ultimate 0 See my The IvgUul vim lure of I tug a t t tic theory for discussion of methods for evakut ng grammars in terms of formal properties of simplicity Wc arc not. incidental v. denying the usefulness of e>en partially adequate discover, procedures.
They may prov ide valuable hi nts to tl ic practicing linguist or tiey may lead to a small set of grammars that can then be evaluated.
Our mam point is that a linguist c theory should not be identified w.th a manual of useful procedures, nor should it be expected to pro\dc mechanical piocecriterion in evaluation is the simplicity of the whole system.
In discussing particular cases, we can only indicate how one or another decision will affect the overall complexity.
Such validation can only be tentative, since by simplifying one part of the grammar we may complicate other parts.
It is when we find that simplification of one part of the grammar leads to corresponding simplification of other parts that we feel that we are really on the right track.
Below, we shall try to show that the simplest transformational analysis of one class of sentences does quite frequently clear the way to a In short, we shall never consider the question of how one might have arrived at the grammar w hose simplicity is being determined ; e.g., how one might have discovered the analysis of the verb phrase presented in 5.3.
Question of this sort arc not relevant to the program of research that we have outlined above.
One may arrive at a grammar by intuition, guesswork, all sorts of partial methodological hints, reliance on past experience, etc It is no doubt possible to give an organized account of many useful procedures of analysis, but it is questionable whether these can be formulated rigorously, exhaustively and simply enough to qualify as a practical and mechanical discovery procedure.
At any rate, tlm problem is not within the scope of our investigations here.
Our ultimate aim is to prov ide an objective, nonintuitive way to evaluate a grammar once presented, and to compare il with other proposed grammars.
We are thus interested in describing the form of grammars (equnalentfv, the nature of linguistic structure) and investigating the empirical consequences of adopting a certain model for linguistic structure, rather than in showing how. in principe. one might have armed at 6.2 Once we have disclaimed any intention of finding a practical discovery procedure for grammars, certain problems that have been the subject of intense methodological controversy dimply do not arise.
Consider the problem of interdependence of levels.
It has been correctly pointed out that if morphemes are defined in terms of considered relevant to phonemic analysis, then linguistic theory may be nullified by a real circularity.
However, interdependence of levels does not necessarily lead to circularity.
In this case, for example, we can define tentative phoneme set and tentative morpheme set independent!} and we can develop a relation of compatibility that holds between tentative phoneme sets and tentative morpheme sets.
We can then define a pair of a phoneme set and a morpheme set for a given language as a compatible pair of a tentative phoneme set and a tentative morpheme set.
Our compatibility relation may be framed partially in terms of simplicity considerations; that is, we may define the phonemes and morphemes of a language as the jointly lead to the simplest grammar.
This gives us a perfectly straightforward way to define interdependent levels with no circularity.
Of course, it does not tell us how to find the phonemes and morphemes in a direct, mechanical way.
But no other phonemic or and there is little reason to believe that it can be met significantly.
In an> event, when we lower our aims to the development of an objection to mixing of levels, and there is no difficulty in avoiding See / S.
Harris, Methods in structural linguistics (Chicago, 195l.t (e.g , Appendix to ~.4, Appendix to if. 2, chapters 9, 12 for examples of procedures which lead to interdependent levels.
I think that Fowlers objections to Harr.s morphological procedures cf .
Language 28 504 9 [1952J) can he met without difficulty by a noncircular formulation of the type just proposed Cf C F Hockett, A manual of phonology = Memoir II, Indiana Lniversity Publications m Anthropology and Linguistics (Baltimore, 1955), idem, Two fundamental problems n phonemics.
Studies in Linguistics 7 33 1 1949); R.
Jakobson.
The phonemic and grammatical aspects of language and their interrelation, Proceed.ngs of the Si\th International Congress of Lingwsts 518 \Paris. 1948), k.
L.
Pike, Grammatical prcrequ ; sites to phoncm c ana.ysis, Word 3.15572 (1947). idem, More on grammatical prerequisites, Word 8.10621 (1952), lor further discussion on interdependence of levels.
Also N.
Chomsky, M HalJe, F.
LukofT.
On accent and juncture in English.
For Roman Jakobson IsGraBarH llel has suggested in Logical syntax and scmant.es, Language 30.230 7 (1954) that Pikes proposals can be formali zed without the circularity Many problems of morphemic analysis also receive quite simple solutions if we adopt the general framework outlined above.
In attempting to develop discovery procedures for grammars we are naturally led to consider morphemes as classes of sequences of phonemes, i e., as having actual phonemic content in an almost literal sense.
This leads to trouble in such wellknown cases as English took tuk , where it is difficult without artificiality to associate any part of this word with the past tense morpheme which appears d\ t in walked wokt , as d in framed 1  Treymd , etc.
We cm avoid all such problems by regarding morphology and phonology as two distinct but interdependent levels of representation, related in the grammar bv morphophoncmic rules such as (19) finis took is represented on the morphological le\el as taki pa\t just as walked is represented as walk H past.
The morphophonemic rules (I9u), (19 v), respectively, carry these strings of morphemes into tuk , wokt .
The only difference between the two.cases is that (19\) is a much more general rule than (19ii) * If we give up the idea that higher levels are literally constructed out of :hat many sense m them by the use of recursive definitions He does not pursue this suggestion in any detail, and my own feeling is that success along these lines is unlikely Moreovet..f we are sai.sried with an evaluation procedure for grammars, we can construct interdependent lex els with only direct definitions, as The problem of interdependence of phonemic and morphemic levels must not be confused w:th the question of whether morphological information is required to read a phonemic transcript on Even if morpholog xal considerations are considered relevant to determining the phonemes of a language, it may still be the cabC that the phonemic transcription provides complete reading* rules with no reference to other levels Cf N Chomsky, M.
Halle, F\ Lukoff, On accent and juncture in Fnghsh, For Roman Jakobson (sGravenhage. 1956), 65 80, 8 Hockctt gives a very clear presentation of this approach to levels in A manual of phonology (1955), p. 15.
In Two models of grammatical description,** Linguistics Today, Word 10.210 33 (1954), Hockett rejected a solution vers much like the one we have just proposed on the grounds that took and take are partly s mnar i n phonemic shape just as are baked and bake, and similar in meaning also.n the same way, this fact should not be obscured (p. 224).
But the similarity.n meaning ts not obscured in our formulation, since the morpheme past appears in the morphemic representation of both took and baked.
And the similarity in phonemic shape can be brought out in the actual lower level elements, as I think we must, then it becomes much more natural to consider even such abstract systems of representation as the sequence of transformations by which it is derived from a terminal string of the phrase structure grammar) as constituting We are not actually forced to gi\e up hope of finding a practical discover} procedure by adopting either the view that levels are interdependent, or the conception of linguistic levels as abstract systems of representation related only by general rules.
Nevertheless, I think it is unquestionable that opposition to mixing levels, as well as the idea that each level is literally constructed out of lower level elements, has its origin in the attempt to develop a discovery procedure for grammars, (f we renounce this goal and if v\e distinguish clearly between a manual of suggestive and helpful procedures and a theory of linguistic structure, then there is little reason for maintaining either of these rather dubious positions There are many other commonly held views that seem to lose much of their appeal if we formulate our goals in the manner suggested above.
Thus it is sometimes argued that work on syntactic theory is premature at this time in view of the fact that many of the problems that arise on the lower levels of phoncmics and morphology are unsolved It is quite true thai the higher IevcK of linguistic description depend on results obtained at the lower levels But there is also a good sense in which the converse is true.
For example, we have seen above that it would be absurd, or even hopeless, to state principles of sentence construction in terms of phonemes or morphemes, but only the development of such higher levels as phrase structure indicates that this futile task need not be formulation of the morphophonemic rule that carnes take pa.t intn tuk ey u.n the context t k * pat in the actual morph» >ph*. ne nc statement This will allow us to simplify the grammar by a generalization that will bring out the parallel between taketook, shakeshook, forsake forsook, and more generally, standundertaken on lower levels. 9 Similarly, we have argued that description of sentence structure by constituent analysis will be unsuccessful, if pushed beyond certain limits.
But only the development of the still more abstract level of transformations can prepare the way for the development of a simpler and more adequate technique of constituent analysis with narrower limits.
The grammar of a language is a complex system with many and varied interconnections between its parts.
In order to develop one part of grammar thoroughly, it is often useful, or even necessary, to have some picture of the character of a completed system.
Once again, I think that the notion that syntactic theory must await the solution of whether or not one is concerned with the problem of discovery procedures, but I think it has been nurtured by a faulty analogy between the order of development of linguistic theory and the presumed order of operations in discovery of grammatical structure.  See N.
Chomsky, M.
Halle, F.
LukofT, On accent and juncture in EngJ.sh, For Roman Jakohwn i sGravenhage, 1 956 1, 65 80, f< >r a discussion of the possibility that considerations on all h.gher levels, including morphology, phrase structure, and transformations, arc relevant to the selection of a phone7.1 After this digression, we can return to the investigation of the descn ption of English syntax Our goal is to limit the kernel in such a way that the terminal strings underlying the kernel sentences are derived by a simple system of phrase structure and can provide the basis from which all sentences can be derived by simple transformations: obligatory transformations in the case of the kernel, obligatory and optional transformations in the case of nonkernel To specify a transformation explicitly we must describe the analysis of the strings to which it applies and the structural change that it effects on these strings. 1 Thus, the passive transformation applies to strings of the form NP Aux — V NP and has the effect of interchanging the two noun phrases, adding by before the final noun phrase, and adding be + en to Aux (Cf. (34)).
Consider now the introduction of not or tit into the auxiliary verb phrase.
The simplest way to describe negation is by means of a transformation which applies before (29 n) and introduces not or nt after the second morpheme of the phrase given by (28m) if this phrase contains at least two morphemes, or after the first morpheme of this phrase if it contains only one.
Thus this transformation T not operates on strings that are analyzed into three segments in one of the following 1 hor a more detailed discussion of the specification of transformations in general and of specific transformations, see the references cited in footnote 8, where the symbols are as in (28), (29), and it is immaterial what stands in place of the dots Given a string analyzed into three segments in one of these ways, T„, r adds not (or tit ) alter the second segment of the string.
For example, applied to the terminal string they 0 + cart come (an instance of (37n», T M , , gives they — 0 + can + nt — come (ultimately, they cant come); applied to they 0 + ha\e — en [ come (an instance of (37m)), it gives they — 0 + have r tit — en \ come (ultimately, they havent come); applied to they — 0 the — ing ■+■ come (an instance of (37 iv)), it gives they — 0 + be + nt — ing r come (ultimately, they arent coming)
The rule thus works properly when we select the last three cases of (37).
Suppose, now, that we select an instance of (37 1). i e , a terminal which would give the kernel sentence John comes by (29 ii).
But we speulied that T not applies before (29 ii). which has the effect of rewriting Af + vas v +.4/>.
However, we see that (29ii) does not apply at all to C39) since (39) does not now contain a sequence Aj + v.
Let us now add to the grammar the following obligatory where do is the same element as the main \erb in John does his homework.
Cf. (29m) for introduction of #.) What (40) states is that do is introduced as the bearer of an unaffixed affix.
Applying (40) and morphological rules to (39) we derive John doesnt come.
The rules (37) and (40) now enable us to derive all and only the As it stands, the transformational treatment of negation is somewhat simpler than any alternative treatment within phrase structure.
The advantage of the transformational treatment (over inclusion of negatives in the kernel) would become much clearer if we could find other cases in which the same formulations (i.e , (37) and (40)) are required for independent reasons.
But in fact there are such cases.
Consider the class of >esorno* questions such as have they arrived, can they arrive. did thev arrive.
We can generate all (and only ) these sentences by means of a transformation T q that operates on strings with the analysis (37), and has the effect of interchanging the first and second segments of these strings, as these segments are defined in (37).
Wc require that T„ apply after (29 i) (iii| the\ — O + ha\e — en arrive (i\ ) tin i 0 be ins + arrive which are of the forms (37 1 iv), T q yields the strings (n) 0 1 can they — arrive dii) 0 +■ ha\e — the\ — en + arrive
(iv) 0 ibe ■ ■ they ■ mr iarrive.
Apphing to these the obligatory rules (29ii, m) and (40), and then in phonemic transcription.
Had we applied the obligator) rules directly to (41), with no intervening T q , we would have derived the
Thus (43 i — iv) are the interrogative counterparts to (44i — iv).
In the case of (42 i). do is introduced by rule (40) as the hearer of the unaffixed element O.
If C had been developed into S or past by rule (29i), rule (40) would ha\e introduced do as a bearer of these elements, and we would have such sentences as does he arrive, did he arrive.
Note that no new morphophonemic rules are needed to account for the fact that do+ 0* duw , do + 5> do/ , do r past *■ did : we need these rules anyway to account for the forms of do as a main verb.
Notice also that T q must apply after (29 i). or number will not be assigned correctly in questions In analyzing the auxiliary verb phrase in rules (28), (29), vse considered S to be the morpheme of the third person singular and O to be the morpheme affixed to the verb for all other forms of the subject.
Thus the verb has S if the noun subject has 0 (the boy arrives) and the verb has 0 if the subject has S (the boys arrive*).
An alternative that we did not consider was to eliminate the zero morpheme and to state simply that no affix occurs if the subject is not third person singular.
We see now that this alternative is not acceptable.
We must have the 0 morpheme or there will be no affix in (42 i) for do to bear, and rule (40) will thus not apply to (42i).
There are many other cases where transformational analysis provides compelling reasons for or against the establisment of zero morphemes.
As a negative case, constder the suggestion that intransitive verbs be analyzed as verbs with zero object But then the passive transformation (34) would convert, e.g., John slept 0 into the nonsentence 0 was slept by John was slept by John.
Hence this analysis of intransitives must be rejected.
We return to the more general problem of the role of transformations The crucial fact about the question transformation T q is that almost nothing must be added to the grammar in order to describe it.
Since both the subdivision of the sentence that it imposes and the rule for appearance of do were required independently for negation, we need only describe the inversion effected by T q in extending the grammar to account for yesorno questions.
Putting it differently, transformational analysis brings out the fact that ture\ and it can make use of this fact to simplify the description In treating the auxiliary verb phrase we left out of consideration forms with the heavy stressed element do as in John does come, etc.
Suppose we set up a morpheme A of contrastive stress to which
(45). .
V.. + A. .
V. where * indicates extra heavy stress.
We now set up a transformation T A that imposes the same structural analysis of strings as does T noI (i.e , (37)), and adds A to these strings in exactly the position where T noI adds not or nt.
Then just as T not yields such sentences as (46) (l) John doesnt arrive (from John # S + nt # arrive, by (40)) (li) John cant arrive (from John # S + can + nt # arrive) (iii) John hasnt arrived (from John #S+have+n , t#en + arrive) (47) (i) John does arrive (from John #5+ A # arrive, by (40)) (ii) John can arrive (from John # S + can + A # arrive)
(iii) John has arrived (from John% S+ have + A %en+ arrive).
Thus T A is a transformation of affirmation* which affirms the sentences John arrives, John can arrive, John has arrived, etc., in exactly the same way as T n0I negates them.
This is formally the simplest solution, and it seems intuitively correct as well.
There are still other instances of transformations that are determined by the same fundamental syntactic analysis of sentences, namely (37).
Consider the transformation T so that converts the pairs of strings of (48) into the corresponding strings of (49): (48) (i) John — S — arrive, 1—0 — arrive (ii) John — S h can — arrive, I 0 + can — arrive (ni) John — S + have — en + arrive, I — 0 + have — en + arrive (49) (i) John — S arrive — and — so — 0 — 1 (ii) John — S + can — arrive — and — so 0 + can — I
(iii) John — S + have — en + arrive — and — so — 0 + have — I.
Applying rules (29 ii, iii), (40), and the morphophonemic rules, we T so operates on the second sentence in each pair in (48), first replacing the third segment of this sentence by so, and then interchanging the first and third segment. (The element so is thus a proVP, in much the same sense in which he is a pronoun).
The to give (49).
While we have not described this in anywhere near sufficient detail, it is clear that both the analysis (37) of sentences and the rule (40) again are fundamental.
Thus almost nothing new is required in the grammar to incorporate such sentences as (50), which are formed on the same underlying transformational pattern character of this analysis that deserves mention here.
Consider the (52) (i) John + C + have + a + chance + to + live (li) John 4C + he + my + friend where have in (52i) and he in (52ii) are main verbs, not auxiliaries.
Consider now how the transformations T Mon T Q and T so apply to these underlying strings.
T Mt applies to any string of the form (37), adding not or rii between the second and the third segments, as given in (37).
But (52i) is, in fact, an instance of both (37i) and (37 iii).
Hence T not applied to (52i) will give either (53i) or (53 ii): (53) (i) John — C + rit — have + a + chance + to + live (ii) John — C 4have + nt — a + chance + t o + live But in fact both forms of (53) are grammatical.
Furthermore have is the only transitive verb for which this ambiguous negation is possible, just as it is the only transitive verb that can be ambiguously analyzed in terms of (37) That is, we have John doesnt read Similarly, T q applied to (52i) will give either form of (54), and T So will give either form of (55), since these transformations are also (54) (i) does John have a chance to live 7 (55) (i) Bill has a chance to live and so does John,
(ii) Bill has a chance to live and so has John.
But in the case of all other transitive verbs such forms as (54 ii), (55 ii) are impossible.
We do not have reads John books?* or Bill reads books and so reads John.
We see, however, that the apparently irregular behavior of have is actually an automatic consequence of our rules.
This solves the problem raised in § 2.3 Now consider (52 ii).
We have not shown this, but it is in fact true that in the simplest phrase structure grammar of English there is never any reason for incorporating be into the class of verbs; i.e., it will not follow from this grammar that be is a V.
Just as one of the forms of the verb phrase is K+A7\ one of the forms is be + Predicate.
Hence, even though be is not an auxiliary in (52 n), it is nevertheless the case that of the analyses permitted by (37), only (37 iv) holds of (52 ii).
Therefore the transformations T not , T q , and T*,, applied to (52n), yield, respectively (along with (29i)), (56) (i) John S + be + ntmy f friend (► John isnt my (ii) S + be John my + friend (> is John my friend) (lii) Bill S + bcmy + friend and ~soS V be John
(* Bill is my friend and so is John).
Again, the analogous forms (e.g., John readsnt books, etc ) are impossible with actual verbs.
Similarly, T A gives John is here instead of John does be here, as would be the case with actual If we were to attempt to describe English syntax wholly in terms of phrase structure, the forms with be and have would appear as glaring and distinct exceptions.
But we have just seen that from the simplest grammar constructed to account for the regular cases.
Hence, this behavior of be and have actually turns out to be an instance of a deeper underlying regularity when we consider English structure from the point of view of transformational analysis Notice that the occurrence of have as an auxiliary in such terminal strings as John + C + have + en + arrive (underlying the kernel sentence John has arrived**) is not subject to the same ambiguous analysis.
This terminal string is an instance of (37iii), but not of
(371).
That is, it can be analyzed as in (57 i), but not (57ii). (57) (i) John — C 4have — en + arrive (NP — C + have —... , i.e., (ii) John C have + en + arrive (NP C V. , i.e., (37i)) This string is not an instance of (37 i) since this occurrence ofhaxe is not a V, even though certain other occurrences of have (e.g., in (52 i)) are V y s.
The phrase structure of a terminal string is determined from its derivation, by tracing segments back to node points in the manner described in § 4.1.
But have in (57) is not traceable to any node point labelled V in the derivation of this string. (520 is ambiguously analyzable, however, since the occurrence of have in (52 i) is traceable back to a K, and of course, is traceable back to a have (namely, itself), in the diagram corresponding to the derivation of the string (52 i).
The fact that (57 ii) is not a permissible analysis prevents us from deriving such nonsentences as John doesnt have In this section we have seen that a wide variety of apparently distinct phenomena all fall into place in a very simple and natural way when we adopt the viewpoint of transformational analysis and that, consequently, the grammar of English becomes much more simple and orderly.
This is the basic requirement that any conception of linguistic structure (i.e., any model for the form of grammars) must meet.
I think that these considerations give ample justification for our earlier contention that the conceptions of phrase structure are fundamentally inadequate and that the theory of linguistic structure must be elaborated along the lines suggested in 7.2 We can easily extend the analysis of questions given above to which do not receive yesorno answers.
The simplest way to incorporate this class of sentences into the grammar is by setting up a new optional transformation T w which operates on any string of where X and Y stands for any string (including, in particular, the null string — i.e , the first or third position may be empty).
T w (60) (i) T wl converts the string of the form X— A7> Y into the corresponding string of the form NPXY\ i e., it inverts the first and second segments of (59).
It thus has the same transformational effect as T q (cf. (41) (42)). (ii) T w2 converts the resulting string NP—X — Y into who XYifNPis an animate NP or into what — X— Kit NP We now require that T w can apply only to strings to which T q has already applied.
We specified that T q must apply after (29i) and before (29ii).
T w applies after T q and before (29n), and il is conditional upon T q in the sense that it can only apply to forms given by T q .
This conditional dependence among transformations is a transformations which we can easily build into the grammar, and * More simply, we can limit application of T„ to strings X A7> Y where NP is he, him, or it, and we can define T» 2 as the transformation that converts any string Z into wh + Z, where wh is a morpheme.
In the morphophonemics of English we shall have rules* wh he *huw , wh + him > huwm , wh V it ^ which proves essential.
The terminal string underlying both (58 i) and (58 d) (as well as (62), (64)) is (61) John Ceat + an + apple (NP C V...), where the dashes indicate the analysis imposed by T q .
Thus (61) is a case of (37 i), as indicated.
If we were to apply only obligatory transformations to (61). choosing past in developing C by (29i), we (62) # John # eat + past # an # apple # (* John ate an apple) If we apply (29i) and T q to (61), we derive (63) past — John — eat + an + apple, where C is taken as past.
If we were now to apply (40) to (63), introducing do as the bearer of past, we would have the simple If we apply T w to (63), however, we derive first (65), by T wl , and (65) John — past — eat + an + apple
(66) who — past — eat + an + apple.
Rule (29 ii) and the morphophonemic rules then convert (66) into (58 ii).
To form (58 ii), then, we apply first T q and then T w to the terminal string (61) that underlies the kernel sentence (62).
Note that in this case T wl simply undoes the effect of T q , which explains To apply T w to a string, we first select a noun phrase and then invert this noun phrase with the string that precedes it.
In forming
(58 ii), we applied T w to (63), choosing the noun phrase John.
Suppose now that we apply T w to (63), choosing the noun phrase an + apple.
Thus for the purposes of this transformation we now (67) past 4John + eat — an + apple, a string of the form (59), where Y in this case is null.
Applying T w to (67) we derive first (68), by T wl , and then (69), by T w2. (68) an + apple — past + John + eat (29 ii) does not now apply to (69), just as it did not apply to (39) or
(42 ll, since (69) does not contain a substring of the form Af + v.
Hence (40) applies to (69). introducing do as a bearer of the morpheme past.
Applying the remaining rules, we finally derive T w as formulated in (59)(60) will also account for all such whquestions as what will he eat, what has he been eating.
It can easily be extended to cover interrogativcs li^e what book did he Notice that T wl as defined in (600 carries out the same transformation as does T q ; that is, it inverts the first two segments of the string to which it applies.
We have not discussed the effect of transformations on intonation.
Suppose that we set up two funciate with kernel sentences, and rising intonations, which we associate with yesorno questions.
Then the effect of T q is in part to convert the intonation from one of these to the other; hence, in the case of (64), to convert a falling intonation into a rising one.
But we have seen that T w , applies only after T q , and that its transformational effect is the same as that of T q .
Hence T w , will convert the rising intonation back into a falling one It seems reasonable to put this forth as an explanation for the fact that the interrogate es (58in) normally have the falling intonation of declaratives.
There are many problems in extending our discussion to intonational phenomena and this remark is too sketchy to carry much weight, but it does suggest that such an extension may be fruitful. (u) did John eat an apple ( (64)) (lii) what did John eat ( — (58 1)> are all derived from the underlying terminal string (61). (70i) is a kernel sentence, since only obligatory transformations enter into its transformational history.* (70ii) is formed from (61) by applying T q (70in) and (70iv) are even more remote from the kernel, since they are formed from (61) by applying first T Q and then T w .
We shall refer to this analysis briefly in § 8 2 7.3 In § 5.3 we mentioned that there are certain noun phrases of the form to + VP, + VP (to prove that theorem, proving that theoremcf. (32)(33)).
Among these we will have such phrases as
to be cheated, being cheated, which arc derived from passives.
But passives have been deleted from the kernel Hence noun phrases of the type to + VP, ing rNP can no longer be introduced within the kernel grammar by such rules as (33).
They must converts a sentence of the form NP IP into a noun phrase of the form to + VP or ing + VP. 3 We shall not go into the structure of this very interesting and ramified set of nominalizing transformations except to sketch briefly a transformational explanation for a One of the nominalizing transformations will be the transformation T adJ which operates on an> string of the form (71) T— N is — Adj (i.e., article — noun is adjective) and converts it into the corresponding noun phrase of the form T + Adj + N Thus, it converts the boy is tall into the tall boy, etc.
It is not difficult to show that this transformation simplifies the grammar considerably, and that it must go in this, not the opposite find that it enables us to drop all adjectivenoun combinations from In the phrase structure grammar we have a rule 3 This nominalizing transformation will be given as a generalized transformation such as (26).
It will operate on a pair sentences, one of which it converts from ftP — VP into to 1 VP (or ing VP), which it then substitutes for an NP of the other sentence.
See my The logical structure of linguistic tha >rv and Transformational analysis for a detailed discussion. hor a fuller and more adequate analysis of the material in th.s subsection, see my A transformational approach to syntax, Proceedings of the University of Texas Symposium of 1958 which lists all of the elements that can occur in the kernel sentences of the form (71).
Words like sleeping, however, will not be given in this list, even though we have such sentences as The reason for this is that even when sleeping is not listed in (72), (73) is generate by the transformation (29 u) (that carries Af+ v into v + Af%) form the underlying terminal string (74) the + child + C + being sleep, where be + ing is part of the auxiliary verb (cf. (28 in)).
Alongside of (73), we have such sentences as the child will sleep, the child sleeps, etc., with different choices for the auxiliary verb.
Such words as interesting, however, will have to be given in the interesting is an Adj, not part of the Verb, as can be seen from the fact that we do not have the book will interest, the book An independent support for this analysis of interesting and sleeping comes from the behavior of very, etc., which can occur with certain adjectives, but not others.
The simplest way to account for very is to put into the phrase structure grammar the rule ver> can appear in (75), and in general with interesting; but it cannot appear in (73) or with other occurrences of sleeping, Hence, if we wish to preserve the simplest analysis of very, we must list interesting but not sleeping in (72) as an Adj.
We have not discussed the manner m which transformations impose constituent structure, although we have indicated that this is necessary; in particular, so that transformations can be compounded.
One of the general conditions on deri\ed constituent (77) If.V is a Z in the phrase structure grammar, and a string Y formed by a transformation is of the same structural form In particular, even when passives are deleted from the kernel we will want to say that the byphrase (as in the food was eaten — by the man) is a prepositional phrase (PP) in the passive sentence. (77) permits this, since we know from the kernel grammar that by + NP is a PP. (77) is not stated with sufficient accuracy, but it can be elaborated as one of a set of conditions on derived constituent But now consider (73).
The word sleeping** is formed by transformation (i.e., (29ii)) and it is of the same form as interesting (i.e., it is a V+ ing), which, as we know from the phrase structure grammar, is an A dj Hence, by (77), sleeping is also an Adj in the transform (73) But this means that (73) can be analyzed as a string of the form (71) so that T AdJ applies to it, forming the noun phrase just as it forms the interesting book from (75).
Thus even though sleeping is excluded from (72), it will appear as an adjective This analysis of adjectives (which is all that we are required to give to account for the actually occurring sentences) will not introduce the word sleeping, however, into all the adjective positions of such words as interesting which remained in the kernel For example, it will never introduce sleeping into the context very .
Since very never modifies verbs, very will not appear in (74) or (73), and all occurences of sleeping as a modifier are derived from its occurrence as a verb in (74), etc.
Similarly, there will be phrase structure rules that analyze the verb just as other rules analyze VP into Aux + V NP, Aux ~ be — Adj. etc But sleeping will never be introduced into the context seems  by this grammar, which is apparently the simplest one When we develop this sketchy argument more carefully, we reach the conclusion that the simplest transformational grammar for the We see, then, that the apparently arbitrary distinctions noted in § 2.3 between (3) (= have you a book on modern music?) and (4) (= (81i)) on the one hand, and (5) (■ read you a book on modern music?) and (6) (— (80 i)) on the other, have a clear structural origin, and are really instances of higher level regularity in the sense that they are consequences of the simplest transformational grammar.
In other words, certain linguistic behavior that seems unmotivated and inexplicable m terms of phrase structure appears simple and systematic when we adopt the transformational point of view.
To use the terminology of § 2.2, if a speaker were to project his finite linguistic experience by using phrase structure and transformations in the simplest possible way, consistent with his experience, he would include (3) and (4) as grammatical while rejecting 7.4 In (28), § 5.3, we analyzed the element Verb into Aux + V t and then simply listed the \erbal roots of the class V.
There are. however, a large number of productive subscontructions of V that deserve some mention, since they bring to light some basic points in a rather clear way.
Consider first such verb + particle (V+Prt) constructions as bring in,** call up, drive away.
We can have We know that discontinuous elements cannot be handled readily within the phrase structure grammar.
Hence the most natural way of analyzing these constructions is to add to (28 ii) the following along with a set of supplementary rules to indicate which l\ can go with which Prt.
To allow for the possibility of (82 11) wc set up an optional transformation T^ p which operates on strings with the and has the effect of interchanging the third and fourth segments of the string to which it applies It thuu carries (82i) into (82n).
To provide for (82iii) while excluding (83), we must indicate that this transformation is obligatory when the NP object is a pronoun (Pron).
Equivalently, we can bet up an obligatory transformation Tj which has the same structural effect as TJ* p but which operates \V e know that the passive transformation operates on any string of the form NP Verb NP.
If we specify that the passive transformation applies before T£ p or T£ p , then it will form the passives (87) (i) the criminal was brought in by the police Further investigation of the verb phrase shows that there is a general verb + complement (K+ Comp) construction that beha\es very much like the verb + particle construction just discussed
(89) John is considered incompetent by everyone in the lab.
If we wish to derive (89) from (88) by the passive transformation we must analyze (88) into the structure NP X — Verb A P 2 , where N P x ^ e\eryone^in*the + lab and NP 2 John.
That is, we must apply the passive not to (88). but to a terminal string (90) that underlies (88):
(90) everyone in the lab — considers incompetent — John.
We can now form (88) from (90) by a transformation analogous to T^ p .
Suppose that we add to the phrase structure grammar the rule We now extend T£ p permitting it to apply to strings of the form
(92) as well as to strings of the form (86), as before.
This revised transformation T^, will convert f90j into (88).
Thus, the treatment of the verb + complement and verb + particle constructions are quite similar The former, in particular, is an extre7.5 We have barely sketched the justification for the particular form of each of the transformations that we have discussed, though it is very important to study the question of the uniqueness of this system.
I think it can be shown that in each of the cases considered above, and in many other cases, there are very clear and easily of sentences belong to the kernel and what sorts of transformations are required to account for the nonkernel sentences.
As a paradigmatic instance, we shall briefly review the status of the passive In § 5.4 we showed that the grammar is much more complex if it contains both actives and passives in the kernel than if the passives are deleted and reintroduced by a transformation that interchanges the subject and object of the active, and replaces the verb V by h tV + en + by.
Two questions about uniqueness immediately suggest themselves.
First, we ask whether it is necessary to mter4 Further study shows that most of the verb complement forms introduced by rule (91/ should themselves be excluded from the kernel and derived transformationally from John is incompetent, etc But this is a complex matter that requires a much more detailed development of transformational theory than we can give here Cf my The logical structure of linguistic theorv.
TransThere are several other features of these constructions that we have passed over far too briefly It is not at all c ear that this is an obligatory transformation.
With long and complex objects we can have, e.g., thev consider incompetent anyone who is unable to..
Hence we might extend l£ p , rather than T°** p. to take care of this case.
It is interesting to study those features of the grammatical object that necessitate or preclude this transformation.
Much more than length is involved There are also other possibilities for the passive that we shall not consider here, for lack of space, though they make an interesting study. change the noun phrases to form the passive.
Second, we ask whether passives could have been chosen as the kernel, and actives Consider first the question of the interchange of subject and object.
Is this interchange necessary, or could we describe the (93) NP t Aux VNP 2 is rewritten NP t Aux + be + en In particular, the passive of John loves Mary would be John is In § 5.4 we argued against (93) and in favor of inversion on the basis of the fact that we have such sentences as (94) but not (95). (94) (i) John admires sincerity sincerity is admired by John (n) John plays golf golf is played by John (hi) sincerity frightens John — John is frightened by sincerity (95) (l) sincerity admires John — John is admired by sincerity (li) golf plays John John is played by golf
(in) John frightens sincerity — sincerity is frightened by John.
We pointed out, however, that this approach requires that a notion of degree of grammaticalness be developed to support this distinction.
I believe that this approach is correct, and that there is a clear sense in which the sentences of (94) arc more grammatical than those of (95), which are themselves more grammatical than sincerity admires eat, 1 etc.
Any grammar that distinguishes abstract from proper nouns would be subtle enough to characterize the difference between (94 i, iii) and (95 i, lii), for example, and surely linguistic theory must provide the means for this distinction.
However, since we have not gone into the question of category analysis in this discussion, it is interesting to show that there is even a stronger argument against (93).
In fact, any grammar that can distinguish singular from plural is sufficiently powerful to enable us to prove that the passive requires inversion of noun phrases.
To see this, consider the verb + complement construction discussed in §7.4.
Alongside (88), (89) we have such sentences as: (96) all the people in the lab consider John a fool
(97) John is considered a fool by all the people in the lab.
In § 7 4 we saw that (96) is formed by the transformation TJjJ, from (98) all the people in the lab consider a fool John (NP ■ Verb with the Verb consider a fool being an instance of (91).
We also saw that the passive transformation applies directly to (98).
If the passive interchanges subject and object, it will correctly form (97) from (98) as the passu e of (96).
If, however, we take (93) as the definition of the passive, we will derive the nonsentence. (99) all the people in the lab are considered a fool by John The point is that we have found a verb — namely, consider a fool — which must agree in number both with its subject and its object 5 Such verbs prove quite conclusively that the passive must be based on an inversion of subject and object.
Consider now the question of whether passives could be taken as the kernel sentences instead of actives.
It is quite easy to see that this proposal leads to a much more complex grammar.
With actives as kernel sentences, the phrase structure grammar will include (28) with be + en dropped from (28iii).
But if passives are taken as kernel sentences, be + en will have to be listed in (28 hi), along with all the other forms of the auxiliary, and we will have to add special rules indicating that if V is intransitive, it cannot have the auxiliary be + en (i.e., we cannot have is occurred), whereas if V is transitive it must have be + en (i.e., we cannot have lunch eats by John).
Comparing the two alternatives, there is no doubt as to relative complexity; and we are forced to take actives, not Notice that if passives were chosen as kernel sentences instead of actives we would run into certain difficulties of quite a different sort. 6 The agreement between a fool and John in (98) is of course one support for the futher transformational analysis of the verb lcomplement +■ noun phrase constructions mentioned in footnote 4 on p. 77.
The active transformation would have to apply to strings of the form (100) IsPy — Aux + be + en ~ V by + A7> 2 , converting them to NP 2 — Aux — V — NP t .
For example, it would into the guests drank the wine, where drunk in (101) originates from en + drink.
But there is also an adjective drunk that must be listed in (72) along with old, interesting, etc , since we have he is very drunk, he seems drunk, etc. (cf. § 7. 3), and this adjective will also originate from en + drink.
It thus appears that in the simplest system of phrase structure for English, the sentence is also based on an underlying terminal string that can be analyzed in accordance with (100).
In other words, there is no structural way to differentiate properly between (101) and (102), if both are taken as kernel sentences.
But application of the active* transformation When we actually try to set up, for English, the simplest grammar that contains a phrase structure and transformational part, we find that the kernel consist of simple, declarative, active sentences (in fact, probably a f.nitc number of these), and that all other sentences can be described more simply as transforms.
Each transformation that I ha\e investigated can be shown to be irreversible in the sense that it is much easier to carry out the transformation in one direction than in the other, just as in the case of the passive transformation discussed above.
This fact may account for the traditional practice of grammarians, who customarily begin the grammar of English, for example, w ith the study of simple actoraction sentences and object.
No one would seriously begin the study of English constituent structure with such a sentence as whom have they nominated, attempting to analyze it into two parts, etc , and while some very detailed considerations of English structure (e.g., reference [33]) do not mention interrogates, none fails to include simple declaration for this assymmetry (which is otherwise formally unmotivated) on the assumption that grammarians have been acting on the basis 7.6 One other point deserves some mention before we leave the topic of English transformations.
At the outset of § 5 we noted that the rule for conjunction provides a useful criterion for constituent analysis in the sense that this rule is greatly simplified if constituents are set up in a certain way.
Now we are interpreting this rule as a transformation.
There are many other cases in which the behavior of a sentence under transformations provides valuable, even com(103) (i) John knew the boy studying in the library,
(ii) John found the boy studying in the library.
It is intuitively obvious that these sentences have different grammatical structure (this becomes clear, for example, when we attempt to add not running around in the streets to (103)), but I do not believe that within the level of phrase structure grounds can be found for analyzing them into different constituents The simplest analysis in both cases is as NP Verb A 7> mg + VP.
But consider the behavior of these sentences under the passive transformation.
We have the sentences (104) but not (105). 7 * In determining which of two related forms is more central, we are thus following the reasoning outlined b> Bloomlield for morphology : **.. when forms are partially similar, there may be a question as to which one we had better take as the underlying form the structure of the language may decide this question for us, since, taking it one way, we get an unduly complicated description, and taking it the other way, a relatively simple one, {Language [New York, 1933], p 218).
Bloomfield continues by pointing out that this same consideration often leads us to set up an artificial underlying form.
We have also found this insight useful in transformational analysis, as, e.g., when we set up the terminal string John — C have en beting read underlying the kernel sentence 7 The sentences of (104 t without the parenthes.zcd expression are formed by a second elliptical transformation that converts c g., the boy was seen by (104) (i) the boy studying in the library was known (by John) (li) the boy studying in the library was found (by John) (iii) the boy was found studying in the library (by John) (105) the boy was known studying in the library (by John) The passive transformation applies only to sentences of the form HP _ verb NP.
Hence, to yield (104ii), (103ii) must be analyz(106) John — found — the boy studying in the library, with the noun phrase object the boy studying in the library, (103 i) will have a corresponding analysis, since we have the passive But (103 ii) also has the passive (I04in).
From this we learn that (I03ii) is a case of the verb + complement construction studied in §7.4; i.e., that it is derived by the transformation from the (107) John found studying in the library — the boy, with the verb found and the complement studying in the library.
The passive transformation will convert (107) into (104 iii), just as it converts (90) into (89). (103 1), however, is not a transform of the string John — knew studying in the library the boy (the same form as (107)), since (105) is not a grammatical sentence.
By studying the grammatical passives, then, we determine that John found the boy studying in the library ( = ( 103 ii) is analyzable ambiguously as either NP — Verb — NP, with the object the boy studying in the library, or as NP — Aux + V — NP — Comp, a transform of the string (107 which has the complex Verb found studying in the library.
John knew the boy studying in the library (=(I03i)), however, has only the first of these analyses.
The resulting description of (103) seems quite in accord with As another example of a similar type, consider the sentence Although John and home are NP\ and came is a Verb, investigation of the effect of transformations on (108) shows that it cannot be analyzed as a case of NP — Verb — NP.
We cannot have home was tome by John under ihe passive transformation, or what did John come* under the question transformation T w .
We must therefore analyze (108) in some other way (if we are not to perhaps as NP — Verb — Adverb.
Apart from such considerations as these, there do not appear to be very strong reasons for denying to 008) the completely counterintuitive analysis NP Verb — NP, I think it is fair to say that a significant number of the basic formational.
The general principle is this: if we have a transformation that simplifies the grammar and leads from sentences to sentences in a large number of cases (i.e., a transformation under which the set of grammatical sentences is very nearly closed), then we attempt to assign constituent structure to sentences in such a way that this transformation always leads to grammatical sentences, thus The reader will perhaps have noted a certain circularity or even apparent inconsistency in our approach.
We define such transformations as the passive in terms of particular phrase structure analyses, and we then consider the behavior of sentences under these transformations in determining how to assign phrase structure to these sentences In $ 7.5 we used the fact that John was drunk by midnight i i 102)) does not have a corresponding active as an § 7.6 we have used the fact that John came home ((108)) does not have a passive as an argument against assigning to it the constituent structure NP \erb~ NP.
However, if the argument is traced carefully in each case it w ill be clear that there is no circularity or inconsistency.
In each case our sole concern has been to decrease the complexity of the grammar, and we have tried to show that the proposed analysis is clearly simpler than the rejected alternatives.
In some cases the grammar becomes simpler if we reject a certain transformation : in some cases reassignment of constituent structure is preferable.
We have thus been following the course outlined in § 6.
Making use of phrase structure and transformations, we are trying to construct a grammar of English that will be simpler than any proposed alternative; and we are giving no thought to the question of how one might actually arrive at this grammar in some mechanical way from an English corpus, no matter how extensive.
Our weaker goal of evaluation instead of discovery eliminates any fear of vicious circularity in the cases discussed above.
The intuitive to me to offer important evidence for the correctness of the approach 8.1 So far we have considered the linguists task to be that of producing a device of some sort (called a grammar) for generating all and only the sentences of a language, which we have assumed were somehow given in advance.
We have seen that this conception of the linguists activities leads us naturally to describe languages in terms of a set of levels of representation, some of which are quite abstract and nontrivial.
In particular, it leads us to establish phrase representation for grammatical sentences.
We shall now proceed to formulate the linguists goals in quite different and independent terms which, however, lead to \ery similar notions of linguistic There are many facts about language and linguistic behavior that require explanation beyond the fact that such and such a string (which no one may ever have produced) is or is not a sentence It is reasonable to expect grammars to provide explanations for some of these facts.
For example, for many English speakers the ph nnemc sequence aneym can be understood ambiguously as either a name or an aim.
If our grammar were a onelevel system dealing only with phonemes, we would have no explanation for this fact But when we develop the level of morphological representation, we find that, for quite independent reasons, we are forced to set up morphemes a, an, aim and name, associated with the phonemic shapes o. an , eym and neym .
Hence, as an automatic consequence of the attempt to set up the morphology in the simplest possible way we find that the phoneme sequence oneym is we say that we have a case of constructional homonymitv when a certain phoneme sequence ts analyzed in more than one way on some level.
This suggests a criterion of adequacy for grammars We can test the adequacy of a given grammar by asking whether or not each case of constructional homonymity is a real case of ambiguity and each case of the proper kind of ambiguity is actually a case of constructional homonymity. 1 More generally, if a certain conception of the form of grammar leads to a grammar of a given language that fails this test, we may question the adequacy of this conception and the linguistic theory that underlies it.
Thus, a perfectly good argument for the establishment of a level of morphology is that this will account for the otherwise unexplained We have a case of constructional homonymity when some phoneme sequence is ambiguously represented.
Suppose that on some level two distinct phoneme sequences are similarly or identically analyzed.
We expect that these sequences should somehow be understood* in a similar manner, just as cases of dual representation are understood* in more than one way.
For example, the are quite distinct on phonemic and morphemic levels.
But on the level of phrase structure they are both represented as \P Verb — NP; correspondingly, it is evident that in some sense they are similarly understood.
This fau could not be explained in terms of a grammar that did not go beyond the level words or morphemes, and such instances ofTer a motivation for establishing the level of phrase structure that is quite independent of that advanced in t> 3.
Note that considerations of structural ambiguity can also be brought
1 Obviously, not all kinds of amb iguity will be analyzable m syntacl Ic lerms.
For example, we would not expect a grammar to explain the referential ambiguity of son sun, light (in color, weight i, etc In his  Two models of grammatical description, Linguistics Today, Word 10.21013 (1954), Hockett uses notions of structural ambiguity to demonstrate the independence of various linguistic notions in a manner very similar to what forth as a motivation for establishing a level of phrase structure.
Such expressions as old men and women and they are flying planes (i.e., those specks on the horizon are. my friends are ) are evidently ambiguous, and in fact they are ambiguously analyzed on the level of phrase structure, though not on any lower level Recall that the analysis of an expression on the level of phrase structure is provided not by a single string but by a diagram such as (15) or, equivalently. by a certain set of representing strings. 2 What we are suggesting is that the notion of understanding a sentence be explained in part in terms of the notion of linguistic level.
To understand a sentence, then, it is first necessary to reconstruct its analysis on each linguistic level; and we can test the adequacy of a given set of abstract linguistic levels by asking whether or not grammars formulated in terms of these levels enable us to provide a satisfactory analysis of the notion of understanding.
Cases of higher level similarity of representation and higher level cases which, if this framework is accepted, prove the existence of higher levels In general, we cannot understand any sentence fully unless we know at least how it is analyzed on all levels, including such higher levels as phrase structure, and. as we shall see, transWe were able to show the inadequacy of a theory of linguistic structure that slopped short of phrase structure by exhibiting cases of ambiguity and similarity of understanding that were unexplained on low cr levels.
But it turns out that there is still a large residue of unexplained cases even after the level of phrase structure is established and applied to Knglish.
Analysis of these cases demonstrates the 2 That is, by what is called a phrase marker in my The logical structure of linguistic theory and Three models for the description of language (.above, p. 22, fn. 1) See Three models.  for discuss.on of (he constructional homonymity of they are flying planes within a phrase structure grammar.
When we adjoin a transformational grammar to the phrase structure grammar, this sentence is, however, an example of transformational ambiguity, not constructional homonymity wuhin phrase structure.
In fact, it is not clear that there are any cases of constructional homonymity purely within the level of necessity for a still higher level of transformational analysis in a manner independent of ijij 5, 7. 1 shall mention only a few re8.2 In § 7 6 we came across ai example of a sentence (i.e.. 1 found the boy studying in the library (ICHii)) whose ambiguity of formational criteria to bear.
We found that under one interpretation this sentence was a transform under T°* p of I found studying in the library the boy, and that under another interpretationitwasanaly7ed intoan \P — \ crb ■ ,V/>construction v ith the object the boj studying in the library  Further transformational analysis would show that in both cases the sentence is a transform of the pair of terminal strings that underlie the simple Hence this is an interesting case of a sentence whose ambiguity is same kernel strings This is quite a complicated example, however, requiring a fairly detailed studv of the way in which transformations with a transformational origin are not hard to rind Consider the phrase (1 1 1), which can be understood ambiguously with hunters as the subject, analogous!) to (112i). or as the On the level of phrase structure there is no good wa> to explain this ambiguity; all of these phrases are represented as the V — of + NP.
In transformational terms, however, there is a clear and ■ It is true that (111) may be represented ambiguously with shoot taken either as a transitive or an intransitive verb, but the essential fact here is that ihe automatic explanation.
Careful analysis of English shows that we can simplify the grammar if we strike such phrases as (1 1 1 ) and (1 1 2) out of the kernel and reintroduce them by transformation.
To account for such phrases as (112i), we will set up a transformation that carries any sentence of the form NP — C— V into the corresponding phrase of the form theV ing o/V.YjP; and this transformation will be designed in such a way that the result is an m\P* To account for (1 12ii), we will set up a transformation which carries any sentence of the form \P t CI — A P 2 into the corresponding. \P of the form the — V+ ing oj + SP 2 .
Thus the first of these transformations will carry lions growl into the growling of lions, and the second will carry John raises flowers into the raising of flowers.
But both the hunters shoot and they shoot the hunters are kernel sentences.
Hence (1 11) the shooting of the hunters will have two distinct transformational origins; it will ambiguity of the grammatical relation in (1 1 1) is a consequence of the fact that the relation of shoot to hunters differs in the two underlying kernel sentences.
W edo net ha\e this ambiguity in (\ 12). since neither they growl lions nor * flowers raise are grammatical (1 13) \i) the picture was painted by a new technique tn) the picture was painted by a real artist. represented as \P—ua±+ \ erb ien — bi — A/ 5 on the level of phrase structure But their transformational hi>tory is quite d ifferent (1 1? n ) is the passive of a real artist painted the picture. (1130 is granural Cd relation in ( 1 1 1 i » amb guous <ie, hunters* ma> be suhect or ob eel).
Grammatical relations can be defined w thin phrase structure n terms ofthc shape of the diagrams 15 , etc.
But in these tern s there v.,1 benogrounds for the assertion thit either the s> bjectverb or the ^erbobieu relation is to be found in (11 1 If we an~l>ze verbs into three classes, transit. ve, intransitive and e.ther transitive jr ntrans ti\e. then even this in itself insufficient i dist nction formed from r e.g , John painted the picture by a new technique* by a double transformation; first the passive, then the elliptical transformation (mentioned in fn. 7 on p. 81) that drops the agent in the passi\e.
An absolute homonym on the model of (1 13) is not may mean cither that John is a conservative new methods frighten him; or that new methods of frightening people were used to frighten John (an interpretation that would be the more normal one if being were inserted after was).
On the transformational level, (114) has both the analysis of (113i) and (H3ii), which 8.3 We can complete the argument by presenting an example of the opposite extreme; namely, a case of sentences which are understood in a similar manner, though they arc quite distinct in phrase It is intuitively obvious that (115) contains two types of sentences, declaratives (I15i) and interrogativ es (I15ii iv).
Furthermore, the mtcrrogatives are intuitively subdivided into two types, the yesornoquestion (1 15ii), and the nY/questions (1 15m. iv).
It is difficult, however, to find a formal basis for this classification that is not arbitrary and ad hoc.
If, for example, we classify sentences by their normal intonation, then (115i), (115iii) and (II5iv). with the normal declarative (falling) intonation, will be opposed to (115ii), with rising intonation.
If w e classify sentences on the basis of word order, then (115i) and (1 15 iv), with normal VP — Verb WP order, will be opposed to (115u) and (H5iii). which have inversion of subject and auxiliary.
Nevertheless, any grammar of English will classify these sentences in the manner indicated in (115), and any speaker of English will understand these sentences according to this pattern.
Certainly a linguistic theory that fails to provide grounds The representation of a string on the level of transformations is given by the terminal string (or strings) form which it originates and the sequence of transformations by which it is derived from this underlying string.
In §§ 7.12 we came to the following conclusions about the sentences (115) ( (70)).
Each of these sentences originwhich is derived within the phrase structure grammar. (liDi) is hence, it is by definition a kernel sentence, (115ii) is formed from (116) by applying the obligatory transformations and T q .
Both (1 15iii) and (1 15iv) are formed by applying obligatory transformations.
T q , and T w .
They differ from one another only in the choice of the noun phrase to which T w applies Suppose that we determine sentence types in general in terms of transformational history, 1 e , representation on the transformational level.
Then the major subdivisions of (1 15) are the kernel sentence ( 1 15i)on the one hand, and (I15iiiv), all of which have T q in their transformational representation, on the other.
Thus (115iiiv) are all interrogatives. (1 15niiv) form a special subclass of interrogatives, since they are formed by the additional subsidiary transformation T w .
Thus when we formulate the simplest transformational grammar for (1 15), we find that the intuitively correct classification of sentences is given by 9.1 We have now Sound cases of sentences thai are understood in more than one way and are ambiguously represented on the transformational level (though not on other levels) and cases of sentences that are understood in a similar manner and are similarly represented on the transformational level alone.
This gives an independent justification and motivation for description of language in terms of formationil representation as a linguistic level with the same fundamental character as other levels.
Furthermore it adds force to the suggestion that the process of understanding a sentence can be explained in part in terms of the notion of linguistic level In particular, in order to understand a sentence it is necessary to know the kernel sentences from which it originates (more precisely, the terminal strings underl>ing these kernel sentences) and the phrase ■structure of each of these elementary components, as well as the transformational history of development of the given sentence from these kernel sentences. 1 The general problem of analyzing the process of understanding is thus reduced, in a sense, to the problem of explaining how kernel sentences are understood, these being considered the basic content elements from which the usual, more complex sentences of real life are formed by transformational 1 W hen transformational analysis is more carefull> formulated, we find that knowledge of the transforma i< nal representat on of a sentence i which incorporates the phrase structure of the kernel strings from which the sentence originates j is all that is necessary to determine the deived phrase structure of In proposing that syntactic structure can provide a certain insight into problems of meaning and understanding we have entered onto dangerous ground.
There is no aspect of linguistic study more subject to confusion and more in need of clear and careful formulation than that which deals with the points of connection between syntax and semantics The real question that should be asked is: How are the syntactic devices available in a given language put to work in the actual use of this language.
Instead of being concerned with this very important problem, however, the study of interconnections between syntax and semantics has largely been dominated by a side issue and a mislbrmulatcd question.
The issue has been whether or not semantic information is required for discovering or selecting a grammar; and the challenge usually posed by those who take the affirmative in this dispute is: How can you The remarks in § 8 about possible semantic implications of syntactic study should not be misinterpreted as indicating support for the notion that grammar is based on meaning.
In fact, the theory outlined in $§ 3 7 was completely formal and nonsemantic.
In § 8, we have indicated briefly some ways in which the actual use of available syntactic devices can be studied Perhaps this problem can be elucidated somewhat further by a purely negative discussion of the possibil ity of finding semantic foundations for syntactic theory 9.2.1 A great deal of effort has been expended in attempting to answer the question:  How can you construct a grammar with no appeal to meaning.
The question itself, however, is wrongly put, since the implication that obviously one can construct a grammar with appeal to meaning is totally unsupported.
One might with equal justification ask: How can you construct a grammar with no knowledge of the hair color of speakers.
The question that should be raised is: How can you construct a grammar.
I am not acquainted with any detailed attempt to develop the theory of grammatical structure in partially semantic terms or any specific and rigorous proposal for the use of semantic information in constructing or evaluating grammars.
It is undeniable that intuition about linguistic form is very useful to the investigator oflinguistic form (i c, grammar).
It is also quite clear that the major goal of grammatical theory is to replace this obscure reliance on intuition by some rigorous and objective approach.
There is, however, little evidence that intuition about meaning* is at all useful in the actual investigation oflinguistic form.
I believe that the inadequacy of suggestions about the use of meaning in grammatical analysis faiU to be apparent only because of their vagueness and because of form with intuition about meaning, two terms that have in common only their vagueness and their undesirabihty in linguistic theory.
However, because of the widespread acceptance of such suggestion, it may be worthwhile to investigate some of them briefly, even though the burden of proof in this case rests completely on the linguist who claims to have been able to develop some gram9.2.2 Among the more common assertions put forth as supporting the dependence of grammar on meaning we have the following: (117) (i) two utterances are phonemically distinct if and only if (n) morphemes are the smallest elements that have meaning; (iv) the grammatical relation subjectverb (i.e., ,\PVP as (v) the grammatical relation verbobject (i.e..
Verb — NP as an analysis of VP) corresponds to the structural meaning (vi) an active sentence and the corresponding passive are 9.2.3 A great many linguists have expressed the opinion that phonemic distinctness must be defined in terms of differential meaning (synonymity, to use a more familiar term), as proposed in (117i).
However, it is immediately evident that (117i) cannot be accepted, as it stands, as a definition of phonemic distinctness. 2 If we are not to beg the question, the utterances in question must be tokens, not types But there are utterance tokens that are phonemically distinct and identical in meaning (synonyms) and there are utterance tokens that arc phonemically identical and different in meaning (homonyms) Hence (I17i) is false in both directions.
From left to right it is falsified by such pairs as bachelor and unmarried man, or, even more seriously, by such absolute and adult, raSin and reysin , (ration), and many others, which may coexist even within one style of speech.
From right to left. (1 17i) is falsified by such pairs as * l bank (of a river) and bank (for savings), 3 metal and medal (in many dialects), and numerous other examples.
In other words, if we assign two utterance tokens to the same utterance type on the basis of (117i), we will simply get the wrong classification in a large number of cases.
A weaker claim than (117i) might be advanced as follows.
Suppose that we have an absolute phonetic system given in advance of the analysis of any language, and guaranteed to be detailed enough so that every two phonemically distinct utterances in any language will be differently transcribed.
It may now be the case that certain different tokens will be identically transcribed in this meaning of an utterance token as the set of meanings of all tokens transcribed identically with this utterance token.
We might now might pro\ide an approach to the homonymity problem, if we had an immense corpus in which we could be fairly sure that each of the
* See my Semantic considerations in grammar, Monograph no. 8, pp.
141 53 (1955), for a more detailed investigation of (U7i>. * Note that we cannot argue that bank in the river bank and bank in the savings bank are two occurrences of the same word, since this is precisely the question under investigation.
To say that two utterance tokens are occurrences of the same word is to say that they arc not phonemically distinct, and presumably this is what the synonymity criterion ( 1 1 7i) is supposed phonetically distinct forms of a given word occurred with each of the meanings that this word might have.
It may be possible to elaboratei this approach even further to cope with the problem cf synonyms.
In such a way one might hope to determine phoncmo distinctness by laborious investigation of the meanings of phoneticallytranscnbed item* in a vast corpus The difficulty of determining in any precise and realistic manner how many meanings several items may have in common, however, as well as the vastness of the undertaking, make the prospect for any such approach appear 9.2.4 Fortunutelv, we do not have to pursue any such farfetched and elaborate program in order to determine phonemic distinctness.
In practice, every linguist uses much more simple and straightforward nonsemantic devices.
Suppose that a linguist is interested in determining whether or not metal and medal are phonemically distinct in some dialect of English.
He will not investigate the meanings of these words, since this information is clearly irrelevant to his purpose He knows that the meanings are different (or he is simply not concerned with the question) and he is interested in determining whether or not the words are phonemically distinct.
A careful field worker would probably use the pair test, 4 either with two informants or with an informant and a tape recorder.
For example, he might make a random sequence of copies of the utterance tokens that interest him, and then determine whether or not the speaker can consistently identify them.
If there is consistent identification, the linguists may apply an even stricter test, asking the speaker to repeat each word several times, and running the pair test over again on the repetitions.
If consistent distinguishabihty is maintained under repetition, he will ^ay that the words metal and medal are phonemically distinct The pair test with its variants
4 Cf. my Semantic considerations of grammar, Monograph no. 8 t pp. 141 54(1955), M.
Halle, The strategy of phoncmics, Linguistics Today, Word 10 197 209 (1954), Z SHams, Methods in structural linguistics (Chicago, 1951), pp 32f , C F.
Hockctt, A manual of phonology Memoir II, Indiana
University Publications m Anthropology and Linguistics (Baltimore, 1955), p. 146. and elaborations provides us with a clear operational criterion for It is customary to view nonsemantic approaches to grammar as possible alternatives to semantic approaches, and to criticize them as too complex, even if possible in principle.
Wc have found, however, that in the case of phonemic distinctness, at least, exactly the opposite is true.
There is a fairly straightforward and operational approach to the determination of phonemic distinctness in terms of such nonsemantic devices as the pair test.
It may be possible in principle to develop some semantically oriented equivalent to the pair test and its elaborations, but it appears that any such procedure will be quite complex, requiring exhaustive analysis of an immense corpus, and involving the linguists in the rather hopeless attempt to determine how many meanings a given phone sequence might have. 5 Lounsbury argues in his A semantic analysis of the Pawnee kinship usage, Language 32.15894 (1956), p. 190, that appeal to synonymity is necessary to distinguish between free var.ation and contrast. **Jf a linguist who knows no English records from my hps the word cat first with a final aspirated stop and later with a final preglottalized unreleased stop, the phonetic data will not tell him whether these forms contrast or not.
It is only when he asks me, his informant, whether the meaning of the first form is different from that of the second, and I say it is not, that he will be able to proceed with his phonemic analysis.
As a general method, this approach is untenable.
Suppose that the linguist records ckmamiks and lyktnamiks,, viksin and fiymeyl £ faks.etc., and asks whether or not they are different in meaning.
He will learn that they are not, and will incorrectly assign them the same phonem ic analysis, if he takes this posuion literally.
On the other hand, there are many speakers who do not distinguish metal from medal, though if asked, they may be quite sure that they do.
The responses of such informants to Lounsburys direct question about We can make Lounsburys position more acceptable by replacing the question do they have the same meaning? with are they the same word.
This will avoid the pitfalls of the essentially irrelevant semantic question, but it is hardly acceptable in this form, since it amounts to asking the informant to do the linguists work, it replaces an operational test of behavior (.such as the pair test) by an informants judgment about his behavior.
The operational tests for linguistic notions may require the informant to respond, but not to express his opinion about his behavior, his judgment about synonymy, about phonemic distinctness, etc.
The informants opinions may be based on aU sorts of irrelevant factors.
This is an important distinction that must be carefully observed if the operational basis for grammar is not be trivialized. 9.2.5 There is one further difficulty of principle that should be mentioned in the discussion of any semantic approach to phonemic distinctness We have not asked whether the meanings assigned to distinct (but phonemicaliy identical) tokens are identical, or merely very similar.
If the latter, then all of the difficulties of determining phonemic distinctness are paralleled (and magnified, because of the inherent obscurity of the subject matter) in determining sameness of meaning.
We will have to determine when two distinct meanings are sufficiently similar to be considered the same.
If, on the other hand, we try to maintain the position that the meanings assigned are always identical, that the meaning of a word is a fixed and unchanging component of each occurrence, then a charge of circularity seems warranted.
It seems that the only way to uphold such a position would be to conceive of the meaning of a token as the way in which tokens of this type are (ui can be) used, the class of situations in which they can be used, the type of response that they normally evoke, or something of this sort.
But it is difficult to make any sense at all out of such a conception of meaning without a prior notion of utterance type It would appear, then, that even apart from our earlier objections, any approach to phonemic distinctness in semantic terms is either circular or is based on a distinction that is considerably more difficult to establish than the 9.2.6 How, then, can we account for the widespread acceptance of some such formulation as (117i).
I think that there are two explanations for this.
In part, it is a consequence of the assumption that semantic approaches are somehow immediately given and are too simple to require analysis.
Any attempt to provide a careful approach to some grammatical notion requires as careful and detailed a development as is justly required of any nonsemantic approach.
And as we have seen, a semantic approach to phonemic A second source for such formulations as (I17i), I believe, is a find such comments on linguistic method as the following: In linguistic analysis we define contrast among forms operationally in terms of difference in meaning responses/ 6 We have observed in § 9.2 3 that if we were to determine contrast by meaning response in any direct way we would simply make the wrong decision in a great many places; and if we try to avoid the difficulties that immediately arise, we are led to a construction that is so elaborate and has such intolerable assumptions that it can be hardly taken as a serious proposal.
And we saw in § 9.2 5 that there are apparently even more fundamental difficulties of principle.
Hence, if we interpret the quoted asseriation literally, we must reject it as incorrect.
If we drop the word meaning* from this statement, howe\er, we ha\e a perfectly acceptable reference to such devices as the pair test.
But there is no warrant foi interpreting the responses studied in the pair test as semantic in any way. 7 One might very well develop an operational test for rhyme that would show that bill and pill are related in a way in which bill and ball are not.
There would be nothing semantic in this test.
Phonemic identity is essentially complete rhyme, and there is no more reason for postulating some unobserved semantic reaction in the case of bill and bill than in the case of *bill and pill  It is strange that those who have objected to basing hnguisitc theory on such formulations as (1 17i) should have been accused of disregard for meaning.
It appears to be the case, on the contrary, that those who propose some variant of (1 17i) must be interpreting meaning so broadly that any response to language is called meaning.
But to accept this view is to denude the term meaning of any interest or significance.
I think that anyone who wishes to save the phrase study of meaning as descriptive of an important * F Lounsbury, A semantic analysis of the Pawnee kinship usage.
Lan One should not be confused b> the fact that the subject in the pair test may be asked to identify the utterance tokens by meaning.
He might just as well be asked to identify them by arbitrarily chosen numbers, by s gns of the zodiac, etc We can no more use some particular formula! ion of the pair test as an argument for dependence of grammatical theory on meaning than as an argument that linguistics is based on arithmetic or astrology. aspect of linguistic research must reject this identification of meaning with response to language,* and along with it, such 9.2.7 It is, of course, impossible to prove that semantic notions are of no use in grammar, just as it is impossible to prove the irrelevance of any other given set of notions.
Investigation of such proposals, however, invariably seems to lead to the conclusion that only a purely formal basis can provide a firm and productive beyond the bounds of this study, and would be rather pointless, but we can mention briefly some of the more obvious counterexamples Such morphemes as to** in I want to go or the dummy carrier do in did he come? (cf. §7.1) can hardly be said to have a meaning in any independent sense, and it seems reasonable to assume that an independent notion of meaning, if clearly given, may assign meaning of some sort to such nonmorphemes as glin gleam, glimmer, glow. 8 Thus we have counterexamples to the suggestion (117ii) that morphemes be defined as minimal meaningbearing elements.
In §2 we have given grounds for rejecting semantic significance as a general criterion for grammaticalness, as proposed in (117iii).
Such sentences as John received a letter or the fighting stopped show clearly the untenability of the assertion (117iv) that the grammatical relation subjectverb has the structural meaning actoraction, if meaning is taken seriously as a concept independent of grammar.
Similarly, the assignment (1 17 v) of any such structural meaning as actiongoal to the verbobject relation as such is precluded by such sentences as I will disregard his incompetence or I missed the train.* In contradiction to (1 17vi), we can describe circumstances in which a quantificational* sentence such as everyone in the room knows at 8 Sec L.
Bloomfield, Language (New York, 1933), p. 156; ZS.
Hams, Methods in structural linguistics (Chicago, 1951), p. 177; O.
Jespersen, Language
(New York, 1922), chapter XX, for many further examples. least two languages may be true, while the corresponding passive at least two languages are known by everyone in the room is false, under the normal interpretation of these sentences e.g., if one person in the room knows only trench and German, and another only Spanish and Italian.
This indicates that not even the weakest 9.3 These counterexamples should not. however, blind us to the fact that there arc striking correspondences between the structures and elements that are discovered in formal, grammatical analysis and specific semantic functions None of the assertions of (117) is wholly false; some arc very nearly true.
It seems clear, then, that formal and semantic features in language.
The fact that the correspondences are so inexact suggests that meaning will be relatively useless as a basis for grammatical description 9 Careful analysis of each proposal for reliance on meaning confirms this, and shows, in structure may be missed if vague semantic clues are followed too closely.
For example, we have seen that the activepassive relation is just one instance of a very general and fundamental aspect of relations would not ha\e come to light if the activepassive relation had been investigated exclusively in terms of such notions as 8 Another reason for suspecting that grammar cannot be effecmely Ue\ eloped on a semantic basis was brought out in the particular case of phonemic distinctness in § 9 2 5.
More generally, it scerm that the study of meaning is fraught with so many ditlicu1t.es even after the linguistic meaningbeanng elements and their relations arc speeded, that any attempt to study meaning independently of such specification.s out of lac question.
To put it differently, given the instrument language and its formal devices, we can and should investigate their semantic function (as, e.g., in R.
Jakobson.
Bcitrag zur allgememen kaiuslchrc, Traiaux du tercle Lir.guitique de Prae:te 6 240 88 (1936;), but we cannot, apparently, hnd semantic absolutes, known in advance of grammar, that can be used to determine the objects of grammar in any way. should be studied in some more general theory of language that will include a theory of linguistic form and a theory of the use of language as subparts.
In ij 8 we iVund that there are, apparently, fairl) general types of relations between these two domains that structure of the language, we can study the way in which this syntactic structuie i> put to u>e in the actual functioning of language An investigation of thescmanK function of level stiuetare, as suggested briefl) in m:ght be a reasonable step towards a theory of the interconnections between syntax and semantics In fact, we pointed out in § fc that the correlations between the form and use of language can even provide certa.n rough criteria of adequacy for a ingui^tic theory and the grammars to which it leads.
We can ; udgc formal theories in terms of their ability to explain and clarify a variety of facts about the way in which sentences are used and understood.
In other words, we should like the syntactic framework of the language that is isolated and exhibited b) the grammar to be able to support semantic description, and we shall naturally rate more highly a theory of formal structure that leads Phrase structure and transf ormatn >nal structure appear to prov ide the major syntactic devices a\ailable in language for organization and expression of content T he grammar of a given language must show how these abstiact structures are actually realized in the case of the language in question, while linguistic theory must seek to clarify these foundations for grammar jnd the methods tor It is important to recogni/e that by introducing such considerations as those of § X into the mctatheory that deals with grammar and semantics and their points of connection, we have not altered the purely formal character of the theory of grammatical structure itselfIn §§3 7 vvc outlined the develt pmenl of some fundamental linguistic concepts in purely formal terms.
We considered the problem of syntactic research to be that of constructing a device tor producing a given set of grammatical sentences and of studying the properties of grammars that do this effectively.
Such semantic notions as reference, significance, and synonymity played no role in the discussion The outlined theorv, of course, had serious gaps in it in particular, the assumption that the set of grammatical sentences is given in advance is clearly too strong, and the notion ot simplicity to which appeal was made explicitly or tacitly was left unanalyzed.
However, neither these nor other gaps in this development of grammatical theory can be tilled in or narrowed, to my knowledge, by constructing this theor> on a partially semantic In ^ 3 7, then, we were studying language as an instrument or a tool, attempting to describe its structure with no explicit rcleience to the way in which this instrument is put to use.
The moti\ation for this selfimposed formality requirement for grammars is quite simple— there seems to be no other basis that will yield a rigorous, effective, and revealing* theory of linguistic structure.
The requirement that this theory shall be a completely formal discipline is perfectly compatible with the desire to formulate it in such a way as to have suggestive and significant interconnections with a parallel semantic theory.
What we have pointed out in § 8 is that this lormal study of the structure of language as an instrument may be expected to provide insight into the actual use of language, i.e. into the 9.4 To understand a sentence we must know much more than the analysis of this sentence on each linguistic level.
We must also know the reference and meaning 10 of the morphemes or words of Iu Goodman has argued — to my mind, quite convincingly— that the notion of meaning of words can at least in part be reduced to that of reference of expressions containing these words.
See N.
Goodman, On likeness of meaning, Analysis, vol 10, no. 1 (1949), idem, On some differences about meaning.
Analysis, vol. 13, no. 4 (1953)Goodmans approach amounts to reformulating a pan of the theory of meaning in the much clearer terms of the theory of reference, just as much of our discussion can be understood as suggesting a reformulation of parts of the theory of meaning that deal with socalled structural meaning in terms of the completely nonsemantic theory of grammatical structure.
Part of the difficulty with the theory of meaning is that meaning which it is composed. naturally, grammar cannot be expected to be of much help here. 1hesc notions form the subiect matter for semantics.
In describing the meaning of a word it is otten expedient, or necessary, to reler to the syntactic framework in which this word is usually embedded; eg. in describing the meaning of hit  we would no doubt describe the agent and object ot the action in terms of the notions subject and object, which are apparently best analyzed as purely formal notions belonging to the theory of grammar. 11 We shall naturally Imd that a great many words or morphemes ol a single grammatical category are described semantically in partially similar terms, e g verbs in terms ot subject and object, etc This is not surprising; it means that the syntactic dev ices a\ailable in the language arc being used fairly systematically.
We ha\e seen, however, that so generalize Irom this fairly systematic use and to assign structural meanings* to grammatical categories or constructions just as lexical meanings arc assigned to words or morphemes, is a step of very questionable validity.
Another common but dubious u^c of the notion structural meaning is with reference to the meanings ol vOcalled grammatically functioning* morphemes such as ///if. ly. propositions, etc.
The contention that the meanings of these morphemes arc fundamentally different from the meanings of nouns, verbs, adjectives, and perhaps other large classes, is often supported by appeal to the fact that these morphemes can be distributed m a sequence of blanks or nonsense syllables so as to give the whole the appearance of a sentence, and in fact, so as to determine the grammatical category of the nonsense elements.
For example, in the sequence Ptrots karulize etahcally we know that the three words are noun, verb, and adverb by virtue of the s, ize, and />. respectively.
But this tends to be used as a catchall term to include e\er> aspect of language that we know very little about.
Insofar as th:s is correct, we can expect \anous aspects of this theory to be claimed by other approaches to language in the course of 11 Such a description of the meaning of  hit would then account automatically for the use of hit in such transforms as Bill was hit by John. hitting Bill was wrong, etc., if we can show in sufficient detail and generality that transforms are understood* in terms of the underlying kernel sentences. from others, since in such sequences as k thc Pirots karul — yesterday or give him — water the blanks are also determined as a variant of past tense, in the first case, and as the, some, etc., but not a,** in the second.
The fact that in these cases we were forced to give blanks rather than nonsense words is explained by the Adjective, etc , as opposed to the categories Article, Verbal MTix, etc.
In general, when we distribute a sequence of morphemes in a sequence of blanks we limit the choice of elements that can be placed in the unfilled pobitions to form a grammatical sentence.
Whatever differences there are among morphemes with respect to this property are apparently better explained in terms of such size of substitution clas*; than in terms of any presumed feature of In this discussion we ha\e stressed the following points: The most that can reasonably be expected of linguistic theory is that it shall provide an evaluation procedure for grammars.
The theory of linguistic structure must be distinguished clearly from a manual of helpful procedures for the discovery of grammars, although such a manual will no doubt draw upon the results of linguistic theory, and the attempt to develop such a manual will probably (as it has in the past) contribute substantially to the formation of linguistic theory.
If this viewpoint is adopted, there is little motivation for the objection to mixing levels, for the conception of higherlevel elements as being literally constructed out of lowerlevel elements, or for the feeling that syntactic work is premature until all problems of phonemics or morphology are Grammar is best formulated as a selfcontained study independent of semantics.
In particular, the notion of grammaticalness cannot be identified with meaningfulness (nor does it have any special relation, even approximate, to the notion of statistical order of approximation).
In carrying out this independent and formal study, we find that a simple mode! of language as a finite state Markov process that produces sentences from left to right is not acceptable, and that such fairly abstract linguistic levels as phrase structure and We can greatly simplify the description of English and gain new and important insight into its formal structure if we limit the direct description in terms of phrase structure to a kernel of basic sentences (simple, declarative, active, with no complex verb or noun phrases), deriving all other sentences from these (more properly, from the strings that underlie them) by transformation, possibly repeated.
Conversely, having found a set of transformations that
We consequently view grammars as having a tripartite structure.
A grammar has a sequence of rules from which phrase structure can be reconstructed and a sequence of morphophonemic rules that convert strings of morphemes into strings of phonemes.
Connecting these sequences, there is a sequence of transformational rules that carry strings with phrase structure into new strings to which the morphophonemic rules can apply.
The phrase structure and morphophonemic rules are elementary in a sense in which the transformational rules are not.
To appl> a transformation to a string, we must know some of the history of derivation of this string; but to apply nontransformational rules, it is sufficient to know the shape of the string to which the rule applies.
As an automatic consequence of the attempt to construct the simplest grammar for English in terms of the abstract levels developed in linguistic theory we find that the apparently irregular behavior of certain words (e g., have, be, seem) is really a case of higher level regularity.
We also find that many sentences are assigned dual representations on some level, and many pairs of sentences are assigned similar or identical representations on some level.
In a significant number of cases, dual representation (conMore generally, it appears that the notion of understanding a sentence must be partially analyzed in grammatical terms.
To understand a sentence it is necessary (though not, of course, sufficient) to reconstruct its representation on each level, including the transformational level where the kernel sentences underlying a given sentence can be thought of, in a sense, as the elementary content elements out of which this sentence is constructed.
In other words, one result of the formal study of grammatical structure is that a syntactic framework is brought to light which can support semantic analysis.
Description of meaning can profitably refer to considerations are apparently not helpful in determining it in the first place.
The notion of structual meaning as opposed to lexical meaning, however, appears to be quite suspect, and it is questionable that the grammatical devices available in language are used consistently enough so that meaning can be assigned to them quite naturally, between syntactic structure and meaning; or, to put it differently, we find that the grammatical devices are used quite systematically.
These correlations could form part of the subject matter for a more general theory of language concerned with In this appendix we shall present a brief account of the new or less A linguistic level is a method of representing utterances.
It has a finite vocabulary of symbols (on the phonemic level, wc call this vocabulary the alphabet of the language) which can be placed in a linear sequence to form strings of symbols by an operation called concatenation and symbolized by 4Thus on the morphemic level in English we have the vocabulary elements the, boy, S, past y come, etc., and we can form the string the + boy + S+ come + past (which would be carried by the morphophoncmic rules into the string of elements 6ib5yz # keym. ) representing the utterance the boys came  Apart form the phonemic level, we have used italics or quotes for vocabulary symbols and strings of representing symbols; on the phonemic level we suppress the concatenation symbol + and use the customary slant lines, as in the example just given.
We use Occasionally we use a hyphen instead of the plus sign, to symbolize concatenation.
We do this to call special attention to a subdivision of the utterance with which we happen to be particularly concerned at the moment.
Sometimes we use wider spacing for the same purpose.
Neither of these notational devices has any systematic significance; they are introduced simply for clarity in exposition.
In the discussion of transformations, we use the hyphen to indicate the subdivision of a string that is imposed by a certain transformation.
Thus when we assert that the question transformation T q applies in particular to a string of the form inverting the first two segments, we mean that it applies, for
