
Your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone. --Donald J. Trump 
Donald Trump Partners with TV1 on New Reality Series Entitled, Omarosa's Ultimate Merger: 
From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous New Year. Letu2019s think like champions in 2010!
Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor: 
Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! --Donald J. Trump
Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion!
- Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday! 
Check out a list of Donald Trump's books for summer reading at the Trump University Blog: 
Last week to enter the Think Like A Champion signed book and keychain contest: 
New Blog Post: Celebrity Apprentice Finale and Lessons Learned Along the Way: 
Watch video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on GMA: 
Read an excerpt from Think Like A Champion by Donald J. Trump: 
Donu2019t be afraid of being unique - it's like being afraid of your best self. --Donald J. Trump 
Always know you could be on the precipice of something great. --Donald J. Trump 
Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - I've always been a believer in second chances. says Donald Trump
Trump International Tower in Chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by Council on Tall Buildings & Urban Habitat 
Read a great interview with Donald Trump that appeared in The New York Times Magazine: 
-- Watch Donald Trump's recent appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman: 
u201cIf you don't have problems, you're pretending or you don't run your own business.u201d u2013Donald J. Trump  
Think. Thatu2019s the first step. Use all your power to utilize and develop that capability --Donald J. Trump 
Don't forget to enter the Think Like A Champion signed book and keychain contest: 
- Read what Donald Trump has to say about daughter Ivanka's upcoming new book, The Trump Card: 
RE: Michael Jackson: He was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer. Itu2019s a devastating loss! -Donald J. Trump
Did you know Donald Trump is on Facebook? 
Watch the Miss Universe competition LIVE from the Bahamas - Sunday, 8/23 @ 9pm (ET) on NBC: 
You have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward. --Donald J. Trump 
u201cExpand your life every day.u201d u2013Donald J. Trump 
Reminder: The Miss Universe competition will be LIVE from the Bahamas - Tonight @ 9pm (EST) on NBC: 
Donald Trump reads Top Ten Financial Tips on Late Show with David Letterman: 
Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!
Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact. --Donald J. Trump 
We win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment. --Donald J. Trump 
Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page:n
Donald Trumpu2019s commercial-free WWE Raw does big rating: 
- Donald Trump bids to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League. Check it out: 
Congrats to winners from around the world who entered the Think Like A Champion signed book/keychain contest! 
Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump about the economy on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record: 
--From Donald Trump: Ivanka and Jaredu2019s wedding was spectacular, and they make a beautiful couple. Iu2019m a very proud father.
--Work has begun, ahead of schedule, to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International u2013 Scotland.
RE: FB Vanity URLs: SF Chronicle - David Beckham was one of the first, along with Britney Spears & Donald Trump. 
Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success: 
Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog: 
- More hysterical DSRL videos featuring Donald Trump and Double Trump plus enter Golden Lick Race Sweepstakes: 
Today is Donald Trump's Birthday! Send him your B'day wishes here: 
Hear Donald Trump discuss big gov spending, banks, & taxes on Your World w/Neil Cavuto: 
Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
Be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation. --Donald J. Trump 
Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her @IvankaTrump - Have a terrific weekend!
A lot of people have imagination, but can't execute--you have to execute with the imagination. --Donald J. Trump 
When the achiever achieves, it's not a plateau, itu2019s a beginning. --Donald J. Trump 
Enter the Think Like A Champion signed book and keychain contest:n
...these days...we could all use a little of the power of Trumpative thinking. u2013BarnesandNoble.com 
Listen to an interview with Donald Trump discussing his new book, Think Like A Champion: 
Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes u2013 Donald Trump
My persona will never be that of a wallflower - Iu2019d rather build walls than cling to them --Donald J. Trump
Keep it fast, short and direct - whatever it is. --Donald J. Trump 
We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC.
An HR solutions company polled 1,000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses...   
All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's World's Best Awards 2011 .....
Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show.
Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame... 
Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans, Dressed to Kilt 2010, which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery.
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there!
The premiere of Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.nET on Golf Channel. Tune in for a great adventure!
I am very happy to have the civilian version of The Apprentice back on the air this fall. There will be excitement as well as opportunity.
From Donald Trump: u201cIu2019m so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line, to debut on QVC on April 30th at 9 p.m.u201d
The Dunes here are amazing, and  they're how I learned about geomorphology, which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great trip
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3, and it's high excitement all the way. 10 pm on NBC.
Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park, it was fantastic. Stay tuned for Part 2..
Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC
Mark your calenders for August 23rd:  
Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season!
So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest!  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p.m. on NBC.
Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon  
Tonight I trade places with Larry King @kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips.
Could this be my newest apprentice? 
Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight, CNN at 9 pm.  He's a television legend and a great friend. It's going to be a fantastic farewell.
Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way, with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice!
I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back.
Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there.
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on NBC.
I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night.  I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.
Eric did a great job with his Eric Trump Foundation annual charity outing. I'm proud of him.  
The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea, the sand dunes, the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic.
The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards, Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards.
I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete, who raised $700,000 on Celebrity Apprentice
For more information on tonight's two hour telethon, 8 to 10 p.m.:  
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on NBC.
Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for The Ultimate Merger starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ...
Due to popular demand, CNN will re-broadcast  the Larry King Live show I hosted in June, in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5, 9 pm CNN
Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York, Trump Soho New York, Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago...
Donald Trump appeared on the final episode of The Jay Leno Show to deliver a very special message: 
Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip
I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS.
Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo, Orianthi, John Legend and The Roots.
The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work!
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren, 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series.
Read Ivanka's blog about last night's Apprentice on Entertainment Weekly ...
That trip would be to the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas...
CNBC Titans: Donald Trump  will be shown Friday Nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am, Sunday 11/21 at 9 pm and  11/24 at 7 pm   
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.
The Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $1,000,000 towards St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  
The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday, April 1 at Trump Tower. For all the information you need, go to NBC.com/casting.
Congratulations to our new Miss USA,  the beautiful Rima Fakih.  Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA .
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours.
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
Coming up soon: The two hour premiere of The Apprentice. Next Thursday, September 16th, at 9  pm on NBC.    
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend, with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom.
WIshing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year!
Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
I'm helping the Serta Counting Sheep get back to work. Enter the contest 
The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday, March 14th, at 9 p.m. on NBC. This will be the best season yet, see you then!
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic.
This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon!
Rima Fakih, our beautiful Miss USA, rode with me on the Gray Line Ride of Fame yesterday... n 
Check out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?
WSJ covers Ride of Fame 
Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC, Sunday, 3/14, 9-11PM ET/PT. Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet!
Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy, and he has my vote!  #EvanForSI
Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance.
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas.
Today's open call drew thousands of  eager applicants. It was an impressive group,  I enjoyed meeting them. We've got some great candidates!
I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.
We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
Ivanka caught up with Bret and Holly backstage. Both Bret and Holly were champions all the way.   
My bestselling book from last April, Think Like a Champion, is now available in paperback. It's inspiring, entertaining, and a great read.
And Trump SoHo New York is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere.... 
My interview last week with Greta van Susteren is available here in slightly abridged form. 
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for.
I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic!
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing  theatrical experience!
To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010, live from Las Vegas on May 16th, 7 p.m. ET on NBC. I'll be there--tune in for a great show!
Be sure to watch the Larry King Show tomorrow night on CNN, 9 p.m. I'll be the host, Larry the guest. 
Before Kids Can Go Places, They Need a Place To Go -- the motto of The Police Athletic League, an organization I'm  very proud to support
...Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, and Trump International Hotel & Tower Waikiki Beach Walk. 
I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show, Thursday night at 9 p.m., CNN. Larry's been on TV for 25 years...
Put  this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?
Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place, visiting over 200 sites, and this is absolutely the right place!
Who's your pick--@bretmichaels or @hollyrpeete ? Vote now on Ivanka's new Facebook page! 
Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions, but may the best team win!
Eric's Sept. 14th event will be held at Trump National Golf Club Westchester. 
Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro, in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city.
Congratulations to Miss Mexico, Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe 2010, and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show.
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!
Olympic Gold  Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion.
Check out Trump International Hotel & Tower New York --spectacular! 
Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight, 10 p.m. on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget!
Be sure to tune in for Melania's second QVC show for Melania Timepieces & Jewelry  tonight, live from 9-10 pm on QVC 
Checking out the course at TNGC Westchester and it is fantastic. Should be a great season. 
Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..
Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is one...
The original Apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next Apprentice? For casting details: 
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC, ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host, live from Las Vegas
Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving!
Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day!
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.
Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win!
Donald Trump appearing today on CNN Internationalu2019s u2018Connect the Worldu2019 as u2018Connector of the Dayu2019. Submit questions: 
and stay at  the fantastic Trump International Hotel Las Vegas ...
from Donald Trump: I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!
The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings!  A great job by everyone.
From Donald Trump: Andrea Bocelli @ Mar-a-Lago - Many say best night of entertainment in long history of Palm Beach 
Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection.
Trump Tycoon App for iPhone & iPod Touch - It's $2.99 but the advice is priceless! 
and here's another....
and yet another ...all of them are spectacular.  
Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla.
Don't forget to tune in tonight at 10 p.m. on NBC for another action packed episode of The Apprentice.   
Golf Channel & Donald Trump's World of Golf host a Celebrity Match 1/25 @ TNGC LA, CA - Mark Wahlberg vs. Kevin Dillon 
Enter the contest....
Work is expected to begin today on my golf course in Scotland. It will be spectacular! 
I was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great one--tough, exciting and surprising. 10 pm/NBC
There's a lot going on at the Eric Trump Foundation ...  
The Ultimate Merger:  
Trump SoHo opens this Friday and it is fantastic! Check out the Trump Hotel Collection...n
The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!
Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player. It's been a terrific season!
Scotland is beautiful and Trump Internatonal Golf Links-Scotland is progressing beautifully as well.  
I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland
Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.
Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement.
The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in!
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC
On Sunday, Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J'
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET,  hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales.
Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection.
Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest.
Trading Shots with Donald Trump--a great article in the Wall Street Journaln
The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season!
See the new sizzle reel for The Apprentice   
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
Check out Serta's Counting Sheep (and me) at the Trump International Hotel New York 
Just as I predicted, @Joe_Biden was a complete disaster in China. He condoned the Chinese one-child policy anu2026 (cont) 
@USGovernment has done nothing to help @AmandaKnox.
#TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes, national security, the debt, dealing with OPEC and China and defeating @BarackObama.
I'm right, TPM is wrong - @BarackObama did not issue a special statement for Christmas--however he issued one (cont) 
Our new Miss USA, Alyssa Campanella, came up to my office today for a visit. We're proud to have her as our new title holder.
Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is  a mistake.
It's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both parties.
Tomorrow we'll be going to Panama for the opening of our new hotel. It's a fantastic building in a fantastic location. 
My thoughts on Dick Cheney and his new booku2026 
Happy to have passed 800,000 followers.  Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later.
Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly, I called this one and please remember, I alone called it.
Watch the latest From The Desk Of Donald Trump at 
Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox. A great show and a huge success.
I want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives. I really think they can do that through TheTrumpNetwork 
Today's #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the Republican candidates... 
China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship.
I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped.
Read this about @lawrence...... 
Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair, balanced and informative. @ralphreed
Printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our country's economic woes. The Fed is destroyinu2026 (cont) 
Don't forget the Celebrity Apprentice, Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC for another surprising and exciting episode  
#TimeToGetTough The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower in NYC right now... 
Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems.
New study shows 80% of Congress have no business experience--it shows!
The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs.  It has to stop!
Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful.
Don't forget to tune in to the Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night, 9 pm on NBC. The fireworks continue....
Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown.
@BarackObama -- honored and excited to be listed on @AttackWatch. Thanks. BTW -- where are the jobs?   Donald.
President Reagan put it best: Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence.
Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today -- I'll be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Tough  from 11 am to 2 pm.
While @BarackObama continues to defend ObamaCare in the courts, he is also granting companies waivers. Eveu2026 (cont) 
I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square.  5:30 pm at the Crystal department on 8.
Hurricane Irene and Libya in today's #trumpvlog.... 
My interview this morning on Good Morning America  with George Stephanopoulos  
Mark it on your calendar: Comedy Central Roast, March 15th at 10:30 pm, for the Roast of Trump   
Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1AM EST
Everyone makes mistakes, but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters. -- Midas Touch
Why does the federal government send foreign aid  to China? Unbelievable! Washington is financing America's deu2026 (cont) 
Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans - @BarackObama should answer all questions.
All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator.
Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's  show, On the Record, which airs on Fox News at 9 p.m.
Some @OWS protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party.
I was on  CNN last night with @ErinBurnett.
Met @newtgingrich at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker.
Please read 
The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices.
How will Mitt Romney defend his  record on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate?
@BarackObama's job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work!
Congratulations to John Rich and to Marlee Matlin for a terrific job throughout the season. You are both great! 
Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. When our tremendous Navy SEALS took out Osama bin Laden, they didu2026 (cont) 
@RonPaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. Wrong for media to ignore him.
Why did @BarackObama let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against @Israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia.
Both @BarackObama and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.
Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama.
Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly.
America needs to rebuild our infrastructure. Why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads, bridgeu2026 (cont) 
Want jobs? Slash corporate tax rate.  Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US.  America will boom.
The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.
China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy. With the right leadership, it can be stopped.
He is delusional: @BarackObama believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever.
If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat @BarackObama then they should read #TimeToGetTough.
Why does @BarackObama support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party?
The job plan by @BarackObama is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one.
Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday.
The S&P downgrade is a direct result of @BarackObama's increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.
Tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog....
America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on @BarackObama's 50th birthday---coincidence?
Reporter @AlHunt is one boring and low vision guy!
@TheRealMissUSA and the 2011 contestants stopped by Trump Tower yesterday, watch the video... 
Check out my new book  Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again 
Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement.
America should not be pressuring @Israel to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive.
The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending, waste, fraud and abuse. A great thinker and outsider is needed.
More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog... 
@johnboehner Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.  The Art of the Deal
China is our enemy--they want to destroy us -- Redstate Interview
Blue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? Bad idea.
It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic.
Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET. Celebrity matches and more...
Can you imagine if @BarackObama had passed Cap and Trade?!  Energy costs would be double from already record highs.
Catch me on Fox News right now, my interview with Neil Cavuto 
@BarackObama is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid?
Why was @BarackObama selling guns to Mexican drug dealers?
The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetTough
If you're going to think--think big --- The Art of the Deal
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East. @BarackObama says No!
The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons.
We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings, and investment. #TimeToGetTough
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government--@BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the (cont) 
Tonight I will be signing copies of #TimeToGetTough in Westbury at Costco, 1250 Old Country Rd, from 6 pm to 8 pm
#badratings @Rosie you will never make it. You are not funny or talented.
My interview last night with Greta on the GOP going El Foldo 
Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating @BarackObama.
Be sure to watch Oprah today (4 pm on Channel 7), I'll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour..
Late last Friday @BarackObama announced his 2011 budget deficit  was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history.
The lightweight, @JonHuntsman, used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad!
In order to preserve my options and guarantee that @BarackObama is defeated, I changed my voter registration to independent.
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing how @BarackObama is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win. 
I couldn't make the Faith and Freedom confab in Orlando so I sent a video... 
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate, #TimeToGetTough and the 2012 race 
@BarackObama has not released his own debt plan yet. He's totally lost, ineffective, desperate. GOP has its best chance to make a great deal
To the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day.
My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing @THEHermanCain, @BarackObama's mistreatment of Israel and GOP 2012. 
The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 u2013 and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher.
My @CNN interview with @PiersTonight discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate, #TimeToGetTough, the GOP and the economy 
Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? What do we get out of this?
It  seems there is never a problem for which @BarackObama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
My new book Midas Touch in stores now.... 
Check out my interview on @GMA 
But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. #TimeToGetTough
Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America.
My new book Time To Get Tough will be out Dec 5th. Solutions you won't hear from the politicians. The besu2026 (cont) 
THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries...
China is advocating on behalf of Iran's nuclear program -- the Chinese oppose both sanctions and any militaru2026 (cont) 
Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well.  @THEHermancain
China is expanding its military bases abroad. We must expand our naval fleet. Now is no time for defense cuts. (cont) 
Watch the 2011 #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 9PM on NBC... 
@BarackObamau2019s new job plan will certainly do the following u2013 1. Not create any jobs. 2. Borrow more money from China.u00a0
The Misery Index is at a 28 year high.
This is what @BarackObama thinks: that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist (cont) 
Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---US wastes  trillions.
Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under @BarackObama. He is a disaster.
Derek Jeter's baseball and more in today's #trumpvlog... 
Economic growth can save Social Security, Medicare and America.
ObamaCare is a major threat to America's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. Small businesses will bu2026 (cont) 
Your most popular tweet answered, why I'm holding off on a Presidential bid... 
Really bad ratings  for Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC---O'Reilly is killing him!
My interview from yesterday on Fox and Friends -- GOP Crazy If  They Don't Get Everything They  Want  
I've been visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world. Spectacular!  
@TrumpCollection tops @TravlandLeisure 500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats @TrumpNewYork, @TrumpLasVegas, @TrumpChicago, @TrumpSoHo
Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? @BarackObama. We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.
@BarackObama---great job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches.
Congratulations to @TrumpChicago, @TrumpSoHo and @TrumpLasVegas --all listed #1 on @TravelandLeisure World's Best Business Hotels
Check out my speech from last Friday 
A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector.
The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi. @BarackObama spent over $3Billion of our money for this?
The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly.
Let me put this as plainly as I know how: Iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. Period. #TimeToGetTough
#noratings @Lawrence will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio.
Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up.
China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country.
@Amazon sold out of #TimeToGetTough in the first week. More copies have been ordered for holidays. Don't worry.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.
Here's my message to @BarackObama: America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it!  #TimeToGetTough
My interview with @gretawire on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation'      
My FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax-@iontv debate 
Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending.
Now is no time to cut military spending. We must remain strong. Our enemies are looking for weakness. I'm iu2026 (cont) 
If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals.
My interview yesterday with @TeamCavuto discussing Europe's debt deal and the GOP primary   
Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste.
I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. @BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
The death tax should be abolished -- the Government is  simply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer.
@Johnboehner  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.  --The Art of the Deal
The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers
My interview which recently aired on CNBC's Squawk Box   
Check out today's #trumpvlog about the upcoming episode of @ApprenticeNBC.... 
I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.
@BarackObama inherited $10.6 Trillion in National Debt---will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17.6 Trillion.
Check out ShouldTrumpRun....
My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm.
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
Watch my appearances on Good Day NY... 
What is better advice- The Art of the Deal or Rules for Radicals? I know which one @BarackObama prefers.
THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory, a Scottish Deerhound, who won Best in Show. She came to visit today!
Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go.
Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable!
The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.
Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots.
I heard, because his show is unwatchable, that @Lawrence has made many false statements last night about me. Maybe I should sue him?
Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST, FOX News
If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas?
Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery until @BarackObama is defeated.
How will raising taxes create jobs? Washington is all out of answers. New leadership is needed.
More of your questions answered in today's video at 
China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---US needs our toughest negotiator---and fast!
@BarackObama now says  that he is an underdog in 2012. America should be so lucky. We still need a solid candidate.
Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to negative. Why? @BarackObama's failure to lead with the Super Committee. 
Vote for your favorite TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION hotels in Travel + Leisureu2019s 2012 Worldu2019s Best Awards Survey 
Even if @BarackObama stays in DC, taxpayers will pay millions for his Hawaii vacation when Americans are struggling 
@BarackObama released documents late last Friday proving his administration was directly involved in sellinu2026 (cont) 
Sadly, Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine. Needs new blood--and fast! Going the way of SPY Magazine.
Looks like the line has started, be sure to join me for book signing,  @TImeToGetTough, starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower.
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video--- 
We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil! -- Don't give it to Iran.
I answered some of your questions in today's video... 
I just got Mike Leach's new book,  Swing Your Sword. He's a great coach, and he's written a great book. It's definitely worth reading.
So biased: @TIME made 'The Protester' as the person of the year. @TIME celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year.
Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states.
My @FoxNews interview from last night with @gretawire discussing yesterday's meeting with @MittRomney  
The Solyndra Scandal--@BarackObama's $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money.
@johnboehner Debt Ceiling- Sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal.
I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book The America We Deserve and the collapse of Iraq in @TimeToGetTough.
Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable. 
@Israel faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunately @BarackObama is no friend of Israel.
Read this about @Lawrence.... 
The pressure on the debt ceiling is on @BarackObama.... 
Keep talking about me: use #TrumpRoast to tweet about how good I look on @ComedyCentral tonight at 10:30/9:30c  
The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in.
#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today.   The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.
When will @BarackObama present an actual budget? Enough with the games.
@BarackObama's Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me.
I'll be on @americanowradio with Andy Dean at 6:30 ET today talking about last night's @FoxNews debate.  
It's important that we help poor people to become independent, self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work. #TimeToGetTough
In today's #trumpvlog I answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy... 
It's inconvenient and inconsiderate: @BarackObama is doing a fundraiser tonight, making it almost impossiblu2026 (cont) 
Here are my thoughts on last night's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... 
Increasing Americau2019s debt weakens us domestically and internationally. - US Senator @BarackObama, 2007
Great interview in @postedtoronto of @DonaldJTrumpJr:  He makes me proud.  
We have spent over $1 Billion on the  Libya operation. What are we getting back?
A great interview of @DonaldJTrumpJr in the @ globeandmail on Trump Tower Toronto 
A record high 6.7% of Americans are living in extreme poverty. This is tragic.  We can do better.
US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list!
My interview from last night with @piersmorgan discussing OWS  
US should have told Libya Rebels --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support.
Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early? @BarackObama wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.
Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors.
My thoughts on last night's meeting with @SarahPalinUSA in today's #trumpvlog... 
My interview with @ASavageNation discussing #TimeToGetTough, my 2012 plans and Iraq 
China has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave. Iraq is going (cont) 
@BarackObama sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels.  They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage?
How many  more billions of dollars will @BarackObama continue to waste in these solar companies?
Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens.
I answered your questions in today's video... watch at 
When it comes to China, @BarackObama practices pretty please diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows---and itu2026 (cont) 
u201cConsider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car, you pay 45.8 cents in state, local, and federal taxes.u201d #TimeToGetTough
My interview with @gretawire last night -- Everything Obama Does is a 'Campaign Speech'  
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about onshoring? We need to bring manufau2026 (cont) 
My @FoxNews interview last night on @hannityshow discussing OWS and  @BarackObama's incompetent leadership.  
My thoughts on the situation in Norway and Amanda Knox... 
@JonHuntsman has zero chance of getting the nomination. Whoever said I wanted to meet him? Time is money and I don't waste mine.
My @FoxNews interview from yesterday with @TeamCavuto discussing the economy, my trip to Australia, @MittRomneu2026 (cont) 
Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at @BarackObama.
My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be #1 again.  #TimeToGetTough
@BarackObama took another swipe at the State of Israel for building in their capital Jerusalem on a Jewish holu2026 (cont) 
You know what is the worst part of @BarackObama's Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.
@johnboehner Mr. Speaker, bring the Balanced Budget Amendment to the floor for a vote! Let's get the ball rolling.
What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage @BarackObama but failed to mention Jesus.
Check out my most recent interview with CNN... 

THe Art of the Deal--The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have. CUT, CAP and BALANCE.
Jeffrey Lord, former Reagan adviser, has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate with a great article 
CUT, CAP AND BALANCE. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
As of September 30th, we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion. They are ripping us off.  #TimeToGetTough
He ruins the brand: @Robertgbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews . As CM for Mondale in '84, you lost 49 states. Sad!
@BarackObama will attack Iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election. If theu2026 (cont) 
Why is @BarackObama letting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving? 
Whether we like it or not, oil is the axis on which the world's economies spin. It just is. When the price ou2026 (cont) 
@BarackObama made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
China is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage.
@BarackObama is so inept that I think he simply  made a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th. Just sad.
How can the economy ever recover when @BarackObama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth.
@JonHuntsman called to set up a meeting. Haven't returned his call.
Washington is simply incapable of any moderation because @BarackObama is such an extreme leftist.  He must be defeated. #TImeToGetTough.
Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue, between 56th and 57th Streets...
He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: @BarackObama. I can match him--preserving my options.
I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm.
Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.
China 'scorns'  US cyber espionage charges--China does not respect us  
The Federal deficit crossed $15Trillion, 100% of our GDP. Yet the Super Committee can't find $1.2Trillion iu2026 (cont) 
The worst employee in today's #trumpvlog... 
Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pm
Congress should get back to Washington, but @BarackObama doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard.
Iraq's government is treating us like fools. We should demand their oil.
I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly. The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday nightu2014donu2019t miss it!
This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto, 4 p.m. on FOX News.
Watch me tonight at 9PM ET on @CNN, full hour. @Piersmorgan won @ApprenticeNBC before taking over Larry King's slot- should be interesting.
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president,@BarackObama has asked for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough
The failure of the Super Committee shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough
I don't want to be the only billionaire in America---I want all Americans to be rich.
u201cWhen mistakes are made, and they will be, the entrepreneuru2019s true character emerges and further growth takes place.u201d u2013 The Midas Touch.
The  @SuperCommittee must cut spending, not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem.
The S&P are losers. They did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatiou2026 (cont) 
A  great crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing!
Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt.  We should never have abandoned Mubarak.
It seems @BarackObama had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now.
We should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas tu2026 (cont) 
We're all proud of @erictrump for being on @Forbes 30 Under 30 list. 
Watch as I humiliate a dais full of talent.  #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30c on Comedy Central  
I find it really hard to listen to @BarackObama's speeches. He doesn't have a clue.
Call me old school, but I believe in the old warrior's credo that to the victor go the spoils. In other wordu2026 (cont) 
@VPBiden is actually right for once:  Biden: Voters should blame Obama, not Bush, for economy. 
Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetTough
The new President of OPEC is Mahmoud Ahmadinejadu2019s confidant Rostam Ghasemi, a commander of the Revolutionaru2026 (cont) 
My appearances on @todayshow 
@BarackObama is sure a master delegator.u00a0He has sent @Joe_Biden to China.u00a0The Chinese are laughing at us. We MUST do better.
@macmiller Donald Trump the Song gets 16M hits on YouTube. Who wouldn't be flattered?
Obama Careu2019s taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?
Why does @BarackObama continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre workplace violence.
Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.
My thoughts on the Emmys in today's #trumpvlog.... 
Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of  my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life!
The stimulus is a net negative effect on the growth of GDP over 10 years --as admitted by @BarackObama's own CBO 
The Supercommittee is a disaster. The Republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal. They hatu2026 (cont) 
My thoughts on Gadhafi's death, @BarackObama, and the misery index... 
Watch my speech at CPAC in Washington DC yesterday ...
Crude is at $85 right now u2013 isnu2019t even worth half that. OPEC is ripping us off.
Some of your most popular questions answered in today's video 
When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation.
New on our YouTube channel today is a brand new #trumpdocumentary giving you a look inside the world of Trump Golfu2026 
America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People.
Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch.
My interview with Greta last night on Fox News -- Nation Has Become All Talk, No Action'   
My @FoxNews interview with @megynkelly discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax-@iontv debate 
Every dollar @BarackObama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!
@danmcisaac Hopefully this answers your question... 
The habitual vacationer--@BarackObama--spent 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling.  He failed to lead, again.
Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
I will be developing the two tallest towers in the Republic of Georgia.  
He is out of real solutions--@BarackObama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase.
If only speeches could create jobs then @BarackObama wouldn't have such a dismal economic record.
@johnboehner Message for House GOP  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - The Art of the Deal.

We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #TimeToGetTough.
Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her Melania Timepieces & Jewelry collection...
No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal.
The new job figures don't include 315,000 people who have given up looking for jobs.
If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses  -- Watch the fine details in every deal -- The Art of the Deal
@BarackObama You have increased discretionary spending by 25% annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt. T-E-A 
@BarackObama You have abandoned Israel and engaged the Muslim Brotherhood, and even the Arab world does not like it 
Why did @BarackObama and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime.
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video that includes clip... 
The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation.
Save your time @rosie and focus on your horrible ratings, and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same.
@oreillyfactor is having a poll, cast your vote for me at 
China does not negotiate from a position of strength, we simply negotiate against ourselves. We have all the advantages but don't execute.
Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A great gift idea is my new book #TimeToGetTough, easy to order on Amazon    
China is complaining about 2,500 marines being placed in Australia.  Meanwhile they are building bases across Latin America. #TimeToGetTough
I'll be  on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in.
A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. Unfortunately,  Washington is incapable of simplifying anything.
Ronald Kessler's new book The Secrets of the FBI is a great book that should be read by everyone.
Make no mistake---Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House.
I'm very proud of my new crystal collection. Here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection Elmsford  
My interview with @BarbaraJWalters in her @ABC special 'Most Fascinating People of 2011' 
#trumpvlog Same last name, same bad ratings- @lawrence and @rosie..... 
Watch me on the @hannityshow tonight at 9pm. More thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlogu2026 
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming.
So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk?
The Debate, @BarackObama's mic, and my Endorsement in today's #trumpvlog--- 
The only job @BarackObama cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.
The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower
I'll be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Tough tomorrow in Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there.
My thoughts on the Republican Party in today's #trumpvlog... 
@marcorubio is right. We need to create more taxpayers, not more taxes. CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.  
It is time for Iran to face serious consequences. This regime is a threat to our national security.
My  @foxandfriends interview from yesterday discussing how @BarackObama failed to show any leadership on thu2026 (cont) 
@BarackObama has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating. Why so high?
The habitual vacationer, @BarackObama, has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours.
Looking forward to the GOP  debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader.
Your civil liberties mean nothing if you're dead. That's why the single most important function of the federal (cont) 
Iran admits to aiding the Libyan Rebels and Ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will Washington learn? 
Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America.
China demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us. Our leaders are hopeu2026 (cont) 
My thoughts on the Geico ad and more in today's video blog.... 
Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville, VA, for a press conference and the grand opening.
Waterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden.
America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking.
Does @BarackObama ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair!
Don't miss my Fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning tonight at 9 pm ET 
The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal.  Military cuts will now come along with tax increases.
A total lightweight: @JonHuntsman continues to give the worst responses on China in the debates. I can see why (cont) 
My thoughts on @andyroddick in today's #trumpvlog.... 
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @BarackObama must be defeated.
First there was the Declaration of Independence, then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.
My interview from yesterday with #Apprentice Andy on @AmericaNowRadio 
We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show, On the Record, tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour.
Know when to walk away from the table.   The Art of the Deal
Never quit and always hit back -- The Art of the Comeback
When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first.
Don't forget the Miss USA Pageant, live on Sunday night at 9 pm ET on NBC. And you can vote for your favorite beauty! 
He ruins the brand: @bobbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews. As CM for Mondale in '84, you  lost 49 states. Sad!
You can listen to my interview today with Jay Sekulow Live and the @JordanSekulow show here 
Watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf 9PM ET on Golf Channel.. 
#trumpvlog NY Area- Two book signings- Tonight and Thursday.... 
The banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth.
@BarackObama delayed the Keystone pipeline decision until 2013.u00a0Now Canada is looking to export more oil to China. 
ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring.
If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC.
Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News....
Newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in IA on 12-27 will be fair, balanced , and informative. @ralphreed
Bob Turner--great guy, great businessman, will be a great Congressman. Was happy to help him win.
@THeCelebrityApprentice  cast is set---the best we've ever had. Shooting starts in 2 weeks---airs  in February.
My book, Midas Touch, with Robert Kiyosaki (Rich Dad, Poor Dad) will be in bookstores tomorrow--it's a greau2026 (cont) 
@BarackObama has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. We must defeat him in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
More people attend a @JonHuntsman rally than watch @Lawrence on @MSNBCtv all week. @Lawrence is very lonely. (cont) 
Friends in NY-9, let @BarackObama know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of @Israel.  Vote for @Bobturner9th tomorrow!
Check out my interview from MSNBC at 
Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN.
Our economy is struggling and OPEC continues to rip us off. Output is low and the price is too high.  They aru2026 (cont) 
A guy named @BobBeckel on FOX, their resident liberal, was not born with much of a brain.
#trumpvlog China is laughing.... 
My  new book #TimeToGetTough -- out Dec 5th -- outlines how to make America rich again. Order now through Amazon  
The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing.
#timetogettough The White House Correspondents' Dinner in my new book Time To Get Tough.....watch the #trumpvlog--- 
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back @BarackObama's damage.
Please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog.
THe Chinese military is already hacking our satellites 
Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night.
Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with @BarackObama's open support.
@MacMiller will enjoy today's #trumpvlog... 
The CBO has confirmed that @BarackObama's stimulus crowds out private investment while not creating any jobs.  
My appearance on The View... 
Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination.
Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, 12:35 a.m. on NBC. I'll be making a big announcement!
The habitual vacationer, @BarackObama, is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++  while there is 20% unemployment.
Guests are raving about our exclusive hotel mattress and so weu2019ve made it available for purchase!  
We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers. #TimeToGetTough
I'll be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Tough today at Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. #TimeToGetTough
The GOP doesn't waste  an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal.
Great article in @torontodotcom - @DonaldJTrumpJr: the original apprentice  
We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem.
Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement!
Why is the UN planning to attack @Israel's sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.
@GolfMagazine is having an online competition - voteu2026 
I like Russell Brand, but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him. Let's see if I'm right---I hope not.
The Federal government  has increased its employment by 12% since 2007. We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed.
@BarackObama claims that all his choices were the right ones. I am sure the 20% of Americans who are unemployed disagree.
When it comes to China, @BarackObama practices pretty please diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows--and it'u2026 (cont) 
I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. Time is money---The Art of the Deal.
Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Be sure to watch the Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday night, 9 pm on NBC. 
More and more Americans seem fed up with both Parties----I agree.
Your questions about my desk answered in today's #trumpvlog... 
Made in America? @BarackObama called his 'birthplace'  Hawaii  here in Asia.    
Stop The China Curse -- Pass the Chinese Currency Bill!
Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed.
Sleepy Chuck Todd of NBC falls far short of the late great Tim Russert.
The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. @BarackObama doesn't get it.
The Gang of Six - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. T-E-A.
We  spent over a billion on Libya and lead the way---why is Europe getting the oil?
My latest Celebrity Apprentice video blog... 
Sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities.  -- Midas Touch w/@atheRealKiyosaki
Tom marbles in his mouth Brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the Apprentice for NBC. Now, he calls (cont) 
People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't. #TimeToGetTough
Government waste, fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed. This will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term.
So, if Iran is going to take over the oil, I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq.#TimeToGetTough
With gas prices rising and the economy failing,  @BarackObama seeks to have his EPA raise energy prices by $109B  
I watched POTUS speech from Europe---same old tax and spend won't create jobs.
In response to @Lawrence, my net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars--- very low debt, great asu2026 (cont) 
The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers.
#trumpvlog The Republicans must act now, don't let @barackobama push you around.... 
My interview last night with Greta on Fox News    
With the number of tweets sad sack @Rosie has done, she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown.
My @MorningJoe interview with @JoeNBC & @morningmika discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough   
Amazing--Obama speaks, market goes  DOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way!
Watch my latest appearance on Squawk Box .... 
The @SuperCommittee will fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal.
My thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog... 
Excited that @OurCountryPAC's @Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
Our worst threat to unemployment is @ObamaCare.  It will also destroy our country's basic standards.
My @CNN  interview with @wolfblitzercnn yesterday discussing by meeting with @MittRomney   
Don't forget next Friday December 9th: I'll be signing my new book @HowToGetTough in Trump Tower from 11 a.mu2026 (cont) 
It  doesn't cost any money to think bigger.  -- The Art of the Deal
So much for creating American jobs--@BarackObama gave $529 Million to a Green car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland.
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter.  Our ally @Israel is in a perilous position.  We must stand behind @Israel.
My interview with Andy Dean on @americanowradio- I told him what I really thought about the @FoxNews debate. 
We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
My interview yesterday with @MyFoxNY  
The American economy would grow if Washington didnu2019t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution.
u201cWe have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. Heu2019s also (cont) 
Crude is at $100/Barrel. With the current state of the world economy, how is that possible? OPEC is ripping ofu2026 (cont) 
A sneak peek at Sunday's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... 
Coming up in March: The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump. March 15, mark your calendars.  
The Fed should not bail out the EU.  Europe's financial mess is their problem, not our problem!
We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits.
@IvankaTrump always makes me proud    
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb.
Check out today's video blog 
Congratulations to @AmericansElect for winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot. A major feat!   
Stop calling my office to do your show, I have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! @lawrence
Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure.
Tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlog
Obama, sadly, has no business or private sector background---and it shows.
A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors.
My interview with @gretawire last night on @FoxNews:  @BarackObama 'Missed His Opportunity'  
Watch my appearance on @foxandfriends... 
While @BarackObama tries to push gun control 
The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. They were bailed out with $169B of our money.
I was interviewed by Greta Van Susteren today here at Trump Tower.  Tune in tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.u2026 (cont) 
#trumpvlog @BarackObama is very inconsiderate... 
ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses.
In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal ObamaCare.
I spoke with Fox and Friends today watch here 
Hey @realjeffreyross @whitney cummings @lisalampanelli: you call yourselves comedians? #TrumpRoast tonight 10:30/9:30c on @ComedyCentral.
Regardless of the USC's ruling, ObamaCare can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt.
Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear.
ObamaCare Tragedy Primed to Further Explode the Deficit  
Now China is publicly supporting the OWS protests  
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. @BarackObama plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.
While @BarackObama seeks to further destroy  our credit, our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. Such a total failure---as a President.
I applaud @netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend @Israel. A true US friend and great leader.
Republicans and Democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade. This is not a gou2026 (cont) 
Great meeting with @THEHermanCain yesterday in Trump Tower. Great guy!
All this from a guy who lectured Americans about tightening their belts: @BarackObama bashes rich people anu2026 (cont) 
Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it.
The average family has spent $4,155 this year filling up the car on $3.50/gallon average. Both record highs. (cont) 
@johnboehner  @EricCantor  You can't con people...if you don't deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on. - The Art of the Deal
He's hired! Listen to my #Apprentice Andy launchnhis radio show @AmericaNowRadio with me tomorrow 6PM ETn
I was in San Jose, CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20,000 people. Huge!
I was speaking with Don Imus this morning.... 
My interview yesterday on the S&P downgrade with Wolf Blitzer on CNN  
House GOP wants to cut Medicare, Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare. Both Wrong!
The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately.
China taxing imports from the US --22%-- why aren't we taxing China?
Excited that @OurCountryPAC's Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
Unfortunately@BarackObama's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
Our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: @BarackObama is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations.
#badratings @Lawrence's show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv.....
This is about the money I gave to charity--and in response to your comments about Gadhafi... 
Look, here's  the deal: @BarackObama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetTough
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend, a great celebration for a great country.
China is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell us  what to do---much like a strong stockhu2026 (cont) 
Why I would not have approved the deal... 
Watch You've Got Donald Trump at 
No taxes in Boehner or Reid Plan----important victory for America.
If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood, then the US should cut off all its funding. Actions have consequences.
Real unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire until @BarackObama is defeated in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.
When are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?  #TimeToGetTough
Yesterday @BarackObama actually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign, fund raise or play golf. Shocking.
Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. Obamacare must be fully repealed. 
My @FoxNews interview on @gretawire discussing The China Curse 
Americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low.u00a0Is this @BarackObamau2019s u2018recoveryu2019? 
China hacked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. China keeps (cont) 
I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with @Rosie--a true loser.
Real unemployment is 20%. We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas.
@BarackObama has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd  Amendment rights.
My interview yesterday with @IngrahamAngle  
What is a bit appealing about this idea of Trump hosting a debate is, consider the diverse audience that perhu2026 (cont) 
Santorum calls Trump debate skippers hypocrites  
I'm very proud of the work my son @EricTrump has been doing with the @EricTrumpFDN, take a look... 
New The Next Generation videos @donaldjtrumpjr- 
Our country is blowing up and @BarackObama is out campaigning.
Iowa Congressman @SteveKingIA has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. He has been doing great work in the House.
Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list. He's done a great job!  
Who will be the next @TheRealTeenUSA? Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com  #TeenUSA
If speeches and memoirs created jobs then @BarackObama would be Ronald Reagan.
My interview on @gretawire last night  - Our Leaders Are Leading Us Into 'Oblivion' 
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.
Mike Huckebee, a great guy, said the President should appoint me Treasury Secretary. China and OPEC would not be happy.
This is the best deal the Republicans could get?
The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth.  We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough.
It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM
@BarackObama is holding Taiwan's request for 66 advanced F-16's. Wrong message to send to China.
Fast and Furious   gun running goes all the way to the White House.  We need answers now!
If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative. @AndrewBreitbart re debate.
My interview from yesterday with @seanhannity  
Check out the Trump Fabulous World of Golf site to meet the Fazio family---master golf course designers....
Once Iran has nuclear weapons, they will shut down the Strait of Hormuz.  Oil will be over $300/Barrel. Iran'u2026 (cont) 
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire explaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012 
American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and @BarackObama cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
Rick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening.  @RickPerry
Check out today's From The Desk Of Donald Trump at 
The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home!
Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of  their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday.
We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake?
My wife Melania Trump's show was a tremendous success last night. In case you missed her, you can see her again tonight on @QVC at 7 pm ET
America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
Why is @BarackObama delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. #TimeToGetTough
America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats.  Time for Fair Trade. We must produce our own products.
If only @Obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency.
Get ready for some excitement--the live finale of the Celebrity Apprentice is on this Sunday night --don't miss it!  
Why did @BarackObama liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.
I only go on shows that get ratings, that's why I do @oreillyfactor, @hannityshow, and @gretawire. Your shou2026 (cont) 
Many people have been asking to see my plane, The Apprentice's @AmandaTMiller will give you a tour... 
Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetTough
A special message to the staff of @TrumpWaikiki in celebration of the 2nd anniversary.... 
Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong.
Iran's continued public threats of annihilating @Israel are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. #TimeToGetTough
Let's not start celebrating over Libya until we see who takes over.
Yesterday I explained to @wolfblitzercnn on @CNNSitRoom why @BarackObama doesn't deserve credit for killing Bin Laden 
Did you know that one of seven Americans is now on food stamps? Think of it. In the United States, the most pru2026 (cont) 
@BarackObama will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing @Bobturner9th -- @Israel is our friend and ally.
Our deficits are caused by runaway spending, not inadequate taxing. Washington does not have a revenue problem.
Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted.
#trumpvlog Why I cancelled the great debate..... 
@KarlRove's @CrossroadsGPS new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt, borrowing from China. Didn't Bush do the same thing?
I'll be signing copies of my new book @TimeToGetTough tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm.
My interview on @theviewtv discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax-@iontv  debate(starts at 23:00) 
Great @Esquiremag piece - '@DonaldJTrumpJr: What I've Learned' 
With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt, @BarackObama is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong.
Please send a psychiatrist to help @Rosie, sheu2019s in a bad state. To @Rosieu2019s girlfriendu2019s parents--- get (cont) 
Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever.
Reporter should resign---- 
See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's #trumpvlog... 
The Eric Trump Foundation Golf Invitational benefiting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital is today--and iu2026 (cont) 
In my new book #TimeToGetTough I make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth.  
Why doesn't OPEC lower the price of crude to help avert the European crisis? Crude keeps rising during the dowu2026 (cont) 
Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.
@BarackObama---the stimulus will fail, just like the first.
Bob Beckel, a commentator for FOX is bad for the @FoxNews brand:  @BobBeckel is close to incompetent.
As bad as Qaddafi was---what comes next in Libya will be worse---just watch.
If @BarackObama wanted the Super Committee to succeed, he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership?
Hey @SnoopDogg @ItstheSituation @SethMacFarlane: Oh, I'm real scared. #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 on @Comedy Central.
On our YouTube channel- the opening of the incredible Trump Ocean Club in Panama.... 
Check out the #trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions... 
My appearance on @foxandfriends from today.... 
A good example of how our country wastes money... 
My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's #trumpvlog... 
I believe this book will rock a lot of people. Don't just read #TImeToGetTough but share it with your friends and family! -RushLimbaugh
We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline.
China owes us money.... 
For last minute shopping, my new book #TimeToGetTough is a great choice...
It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of @AmandaKnox---great news!
My interview with @EWErickson of @RedState discussing #TimeToGetTough, GOP primary and my 2012 options  
The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya.
Why is @BarackObama always campaigning or on vacation?
My thoughts on @barackobama's campaign.... 
My @foxandfriends interview from yesterday 
Canada's legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question: How will any immigrant applying fou2026 (cont) 
The Mar-a-Lago Club has the best meatloaf in America. Tasty. 
I will be signing copies of my new book, Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again, in Trump Tower on Fridau2026 (cont) 
@BarackObama wishes speeches could create jobs.  His job is costing America all of ours.
@BarackObama trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment.
The Mullahs laughed when @BarackObama asked Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.
@Obama - Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq? What are u doing about this?  
The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.
Watch What's America Worth?, hosted and narrated by me, this Sunday at 9PM on @Discovery 
The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move.
RT @Newsmax_Media: Trumps Warns of Obama Tipping Point that May Destroy America  
@BarackObama has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control.
Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.
ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare?
Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans. Yet they want to cut military spending.
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends.
My @foxandfriends interview duscussing my meeting with @newtgingrich, the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough  
The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation.
I'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p.m. We'll be discussing current affairs and politics. Tune in.
Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America.
Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1 a.m.  So proud of her!
@AmandaKnox is innocent.  Italian government should pay for this travesty.
It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone.n#TimeToGetTough
In the span of two months @BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, has called America soft and lazy. He loves to criticize America.
@BarackObama said yesterday that we have gone soft. How can the world respect us when our own President doesn't?
The UN is about to use its Assembly to attack @Israel. We should defund the UN entirely if they can't act respu2026 (cont) 
Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean?
If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
A-Rod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs. A-Rod misrepresented to thu2026 (cont) 
The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed.
@BarackObama played golf yesterday. Now he  heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard.  Nice work ethic.
Please only respond by tweet @lawrence because like everyone else, I don't watch your show.
When will our nation's sacrifices  be respectfully appreciated? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil.
Congratulations to Alyssa Campanella, Miss California---our new MIss USA!  
Watched Sean Hannity last night -- a great guy.
When will @BarackObama release an actual budget?
NY Jets center, Nick Mangold, interns for Trump. Watch Trump's Fabulous World of Golf  tonight 9PM ET on Golf Channeln
My new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country.
The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well.
My @FoxNews interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in Trump Tower and also @GovChristie  
@BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, called America lazy this past weekend while in Hawaii.
Very exciting. I will be at Macyu2019s Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!
...when they have no environmental restrictions! America' s workers need us. 
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and @BarackObama defends them.
Take a look at  
The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first.
The habitual vacationer: @BarackObama has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in historyu2026 (cont) 
ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy.
Happy to have @ralphreed and the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. FFC  is a great organization.
Everyone should boycott Italy if Amanda Knox is  not freed---she is totally innocent.
China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders. @BarackObama
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing why I will not be moderating the Newsmax-@iontv debate 
My @FoxNews interview last night with @Gretawire 
This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support.
The Debt is our nation's greatest threat. @BarackObama is out of touch.
@BarackObama has increased the EPA budget by over 150%.  The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs.  It sends jobs overseas.
He is destroying our country:@BarackObama has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont) 
I will be signing copies of my new book TIME TO GET TOUGH tomorrow, Dec 9th, in Trump Tower from 11 a.m. to u2026 (cont) 
The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now.
OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch.
Our deficit spending is Chinau2019s gain. @BarackObama is bankrupting our country.
My interview on @gretawire discussing the economy and @TheHermanCain Witch Hunt 
Why is the UN condemning @Israel and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace.
Watch @Seanhannity tonight on his show, Hannity, Fox News at 9 pm.  I'll be on and we'll cover the Wall Streeu2026 (cont) 
My thoughts on The O'Reilly Factor and more here... 
When the Super Committee fails, @BarackObama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan.
@EricTrump is doing a great job on completing our new Trump Winery in Virginia.
Iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---I told you so.
Why is  crude oil priced at $86/Barrel?  OPEC is  ripping us off. Not worth $30/Barrel.  America needs new leaders.
The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy. When did the American people decide this? 
There is no substitute for private sector experience.
The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts.
Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil.
Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC. It's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget!
Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury, NY, from 6-8 pm. Hope to see you there.
My @FoxNews interview last night on @gretawire -- On 2012:  I'll Wait and See   
More questions answered... 
My interview yesterday from Newsmax - Obama Is  'Now Totally Lost,'  Boehner Must Not Fold  
Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets? China is an enemy, not a friend.
I was on CNBC this morning talking about the market and America's financial future  
If The Art of the Deal is a must read then #TimeToGetTough is my opus.  It is available Dec 5th!
If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @BarackObama at the White House.
China is threatening Washington over the currency bill.  We should pass it immediately.
The more you learn about the debt deal, the worse it gets.
Illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at US taxpayers. Washington needs to get tough and fight for Wu2026 (cont) 
ALso coming up: The Celebrity Apprentice returns. Sunday night March 6 at 9 pm EST 
Vote for the next Miss USA... 
Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's #trumpvlog...  
America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad.
See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's #trumpvlog.... 
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained.
Excited to have @SarahPalinUSA's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. Sarah is terrific.
China is happy to learn that @BarackObama plans to borrow another $300 Billion. @BarackObama is their favorite client.
The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under @BarackObama.
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling.
My new book,  Time To Get Tough,  comes out  on December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written.
Rick Santorum making a strong point on the Newsmax-@iontv debate: @RickSantorum. 
The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time.
My interview on @WOR710 with Jon Gambling discussing #TimeToGetTough, meeting @NewtGingrich and the 2012 election 
Unbelievable how he gets away with it:  @BarackObama is flying around on Air Force One, laughing at everybodu2026 (cont) 
October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. Is this @BarackObamau2019s economic recovery?
OPEC is ripping us off on oil. We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #Solyndra
Just finished speaking in Sydney, Australia, in front of 20,000 people and today I'm off to Melbourne for anotu2026 (cont) 
@shouldtrumprun Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com  nHave you?
@BarackObama's method of spending the stimulus -- Obama fundraiser linked to loan program that aided Solyndra  
Did my weekly phoner on Fox & Friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day ...      
Busy doing phoners this week with Neil Cavuto, Wolf Blitzer, Fox & Friends, and Larry Kudlow....check out  
A week after Biden says that the Taliban is not our enemy, the Taliban demand that we pay Iraq for a 9 year occupation. 
Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. He believes in Government.
The economy won't fully recover until  @ObamaCare is fully repealed. It is a job killer!
Watch my latest video blog.... 
Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic  window is closed.
Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what @BarackObama wanted?
Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess, as it inevitably will. #TimeToGetTough
China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.
Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask!
I appreciate the kind words of Mike Huckabee, a fine American 
ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces.  It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency.
What a convenient mistake: @BarackObama issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas. 
@BarackObama MUST release a budget before @johnboehner begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution.
My interview yesterday with @TeamCavuto where I discuss Dick Cheney and China  
I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on Earth.
I'm thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at Macy's. In business it'u2026 (cont) 
I was on CNN yesterday.....
Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy  prove that @BarackObama is both corrupt and inept.
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice 
We are building China's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in America.
NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans.
China is a threat to America. They are not our friend.
It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read!
FoxNewsInsider with comments on my speech at CPAC in Washington, DC 
I was on a tele-townhall with @TeamBachmann and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax-@iontv debate. No loyalty.
Had dinner with @RickPerry last night---great guy, straight shooter, impressive record.
My interview yesterday with @foxandfriends discussing the failure of the Super Committee and GOP 2012.... 
From The Desk Of Donald Trump- two new videos up at 
In order to get elected, @BarackObama will start a war with Iran.
The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation.  #TimeToGetTough
Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it.
A clip from my @foxandfriends interview discussing how  Newsmax-@iontv debate is determining the GOP primary polls 
Instead of trash talking @PMIsrael on the world stage, @BarackObama should be defending @Israel.
u201cThe thing about high corporate tax rates is that, in the end, companies arenu2019t the ones who foot the bill, consumers do.u201d #TimeToGetTough
The Architect @KarlRove is directly responsible for losing both houses & @BarackObama becoming President. Ignore him.
Iranu2019s nuclear program must be stopped u2013 by any and all means necessary.
China's economy is now projected to overtake the US as the world's largest economy by 2027 
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did @BarackObama promote the Arab Spring?
Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with @BarackObama in today's debt talks--First and foremost CUT,CAP and BALANCE.
Less than a week after we leave Iraq, the country is already unraveling.u00a0We got nothing from the Iraqis and now (cont) 
USA should take oil from Iraq in repayment for their liberation.  
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News.
I believe America can be great only with proper leadership.
Perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in Washington ... 
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice 
ObamaCare does indeed ration care. Seniors are now restricted to comfort care instead of brain surgery. Repeal now! 
A clip of my upcoming interview with @DavidBrody discussing #TimeToGetTough, @Israel and the Islamist winter  
@Johnboehner: Stop The China Curse --- Pass the China Currency Bill!
Crude has skyrocketed since @BarackObama delayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20,000 jobs gone, but family budgets are tightening.
The @erictrumpfdn Golf Invitational featuring a performance by @BretMichaels was a great event. Enjoy the video.... 
Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - @iontv debate? More debate is always better.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are!
.@MittRomney looks much calmer, and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.
China's submarines will soon be carrying nukes 
Receiving @AmericanCancer Lifetime Achievement Award & chairing @FollowLola debut @CarnegieHall on Jan.19 
Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial @sfchronicle stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright.
The @WTA released a new #StrongisBeautiful celebrity campaign today. Amazing athletes. Proud to be a part of this.  
Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned.
@achieverdan  Thanks and yes!
As we told the @nydailynews, I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no, because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch!
My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day. Know you can! Must win Ohio.
Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are.
On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises with @melaniatrump via @NewYorkObserver's @velvet_roper 
.@BarackObama is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention 
Yesterday I was in Washington, D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent.
Weakness, cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President.
A list from @Heritage: Top 10 Most Expensive Obamacare Taxes and Fees 
Sorry for such silenceu2014spent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Floridau2014just bought it, will be great!
Tune in tonight at 1 AM EST to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her first 2012 Melania Timepieces & (cont) 
.@BarackObama has completely failed the American people. U.S. annual incomes have fallen over 5% during his term  
I will and I agree! RT @ZacharyQuinton@realdonaldtrump you can't possibly make any more money. so why don't you make a difference instead?!
Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street, Manhattan
As I always said, the Birthers were after the truth. Thanks to @RealSheriffJoe @BarackObama can't hide anymore.
Great players in sports make the game fun to watch. @DerekJeter has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional.
Sadly, it took a hit &amp; run auto accident to make us aware of who our Secretary of Commerce is--and such an important position!
They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonightu2014Iu2019m thinking about it!
Now Chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue US soldiers 
There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump, political or nonpolitical. --Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters
Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished, big time, and quickly.
Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.
@EMC_xoxo Thanks!
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--Obama should release his college application records &amp; grades. He says he loves (cont) 
Pres @BarackObama expects @MittRomney to play nice like @SenJohnMcCain--it's not going to happen &amp; the result is going to be much different.
Keystone: @johnboehner MUST pass Keystone by linking it to another bill.  
My friend Ronald Kessler explains in @washingtonpost that Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes 
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!
Mogul Donald Trump has many powerful friends. And it turns out one of them is Anna Wintour.u201d 
.@jack_welch is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while Jack was running GE.
Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing.
Now @BarackObama's Vice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat 
... Time for the Republicans to find someone newu2014and better.
Coincidence? More than half of @BarackObama's 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs. 
Check out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. presented to me today in Trump Tower-- 
The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong.  My offer still stands to buy the property.  Good deal for everyone.
My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage.  She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US.
Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employeesu2019 hours due to Obama Care.  Reality is setting in.
Everyone is talking about how Trump Tower is the exterior for Wayne Enterprises in Dark Knight Rises---it's true. 
The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
Under @BarackObama, the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. 
It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then @BarackObama would have wasted billions on it.
u201cWe need more grown-ups in Washington, people who will shoot straight and level with the American people.u201d #TimeToGetTough
Some exciting news--the newest acquisition of Trump Golf--Trump National Golf Club, Charlotte NC, formerly The (cont) 
I fully support the @NYPD, @MayorBloomberg and @CommissionerKelly. They should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized.
No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie, Cheat &amp; Steal in all international dealings.
When people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me, my general attitude, all my life, has (cont) 
He @BarackObama is caught on tape making election promises to @MedvedevRussiaE on missile defense and national security 
Seems hard to believe that @Facebook could be worth that much--be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg--get a pre-nup.
To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time. --'Midas Touch' with @theRealKiyosaki
@murekar 
@KarlRove is such an embarrassment that @FoxNews is keeping him off air 
@wtfagain @Beardymilne  You would not even believe how dirty &amp; disgusting his property is--clean it with joke Glenfiddich.
The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy
Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
u201cAll the things I love is what my business is all about.u201d - @MarthaStewart
.@TrumpSoho has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work.
@JohnG500 @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  The greatest compliment of all--thanks!
So wrong! @BarackObama is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
Donald Trump: GOP Has u2018Nuclear Weaponu2019 In Fiscal Cliff Negotiation, But They Donu2019t Know It 
The @Yankees should break A-Rod's contract immediatelyu2014he misrepresented.
@sagethelaxbro  Hi Sage
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years.
My @IngrahamAngle interview discussing healthcare monopolies, @MittRomney, oil prices and @AnnRomney's birthday 
Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch.
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.
Quote of the Day: Donald Trump Decrees Boycott on Glenfiddich Scotch 
Firing @lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise. Sheu2019s a strong player. But there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet
Make sure to grab your copy of this month's @Newsmax_Media detailing The Trump Effect  
Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does!
@RealRobHarrand  Thanks Rob!
.@BarackObama bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning @MittRomney's diplomatic skills.
Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better. Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews.
.@IsraeliPM @netanyahu delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad @AmbassadorRice wasn't there.
The New Black Panthers are back at the same Philly polling station from '08 
@Alkiwaves Thanks, it will be great.
My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's misleading political ad, @MittRomney's response and @Cher  &amp; @Rosie 
At the end of the day, Obama won the battleground states by less than 500,000 votes. This was a winnable race.  GOP needs to do better!
Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant.
Third rate @politico took every negative tweet or response they could find &amp; put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive.
If @MittRomney has a good debate tomorrow night, Obama is finished!
The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead.
Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job.
I wonder if @BarackObama ever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there?
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. -- Winston Churchill
Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the @BarackObama administration. 
Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B.  It is actually double that at $1.1T 
The Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476K 
Via @espn: Donald Trump would fire A-Rod  
u201cThere are 2 things Iu2019ve found Iu2019m very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.u201du2013The Art of The Deal
Via @washingtonpost: The Donald's video should have trumped Eastwood by @CapehartJ  
It's Thursday, how many more bias press reports will be released against @MittRomney?
Now we will never know if @BarackObama would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient.
RT @accesshollywood: @realDonald Trump: 'Celebrity Apprentice' Season 5 is 'Tough, Nasty & Smart.' Watch:n
u201cTo state the obvious, if any business operated the way the government does, it would go under.u201d #TimeToGetTough
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM.
Even the SEALS who killed Bin Laden don't like @JoeBiden  
Congratulations to @MichaelPhelps on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.
The Celebrity Apprentice delivers the goods--and the puppets-- Sunday at 9 pm on NBC 
Watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment-  
Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of @CelebApprentice.  Really good show.
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.n--General George S. Patton
Help those affected by #Sandy. @TrumpSoHo is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to @RedCross for #sandyrelief. 
Strange--why didn't @BarackObama hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of ObamaCare? 
Concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding 
@Earther57 Sounds like the best place!
A clip from guest hosting @extratv yesterday on @nbc discussing Halle, Angus and Gen. Petraeus 
Paul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice, we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me.
A review of @MikeTyson's show, great press on Trump International Golf Links Scotland, and more in today's #trumpvlog- 
@NicolletteSheridan lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. The show made her--she should have been happy.
It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes. Be careful of voter fraud!
Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate?
.@melaniatrump on @QVC tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in!
Now even @BarackObama's old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election. 
We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the @yankees any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off.
.@mcuban, Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered u201cdead television.u201d Besides, you are not the star (&amp; never will be).
Trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery 
.@TheRevAl came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice, apology accepted!
Rev. Wright called @BarackObama, on tape, a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans.
The difference between @MittRomney and @BarackObama's campaign promises to @Israel is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically, environmentally &amp; aesthetically.
Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #Obama
@Redskins QB @RGIII is a very special player.  He is exciting to watch and smart on the field.  Amazing talent.
@RobertCherry1  Fantastic!
Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont) 
China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.#Angels
@evaemery Never give up. You have what it takes.
Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetTough
I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hurt.
Con Ed has won its suit against the Ground Zero Mosque developers 
Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you can't change Washington from the inside. Not what he said in '09. 
Nobody cares about the Iowa straw poll is what @JonHuntsman said yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him).
Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community &amp; are very expensive &amp; unreliable.
Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down.
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Now China is trying to take over a U.S. airbase 
Lots of response to my Pattinson/Kristen Stewart reunion. She will cheat again--100 certain--am I ever wrong?
Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Congratulations to @tedcruz on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator.
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? #VPDebate
@sixelA1984 @LilJon @CelebApprentice  Raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job.
In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!
My interview with @PaulWTalk on @wjrradio on behalf of @MittRomney discussing why Michigan needs to go for Romney. 
If you're going through hell, keep going. --Winston Churchill
Even the Left realizes that @BarackObama's policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country. 
@OrangeTrump @apoliticalbear @ForQ2 @danabrams  Don't be so sure!
Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. She's always been a great person--a winner. (cont) 
Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters.
@ewim55 Then he wouldn't be president.
The @MissUSA 2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City- 
One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch.
Thank you to @IvankaTrump for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on @foxandfriends...
@cheatingdeam  My best secret for business is that you have to love what you're doing. You need passion. (cont) 
Interesting article by @MattTowery @townhallcom:u201cIt Is Time to Use u2018The Trump Cardu2019u201d 
Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well.
A horrible day for Newtown, CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected.
Another electric car firm that @BarackObama gave $118M just went bankrupt. 
.@ralphreed is doing a great job!
Remember how @ObamaCare did not have any tort reform? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits 
My @jrg710 interview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National, the FL primary, @ApprenticeNBC and OPEC 
Today I spoke @LibertyU Convocation, a great crowd...n
@MikeCosgrove1  Thanks and good luck.
.@antbaxter Dummy,thanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeenu2014sales are thru the roof &amp; Aberdeen seeing big benefits.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing today's primary contests, @MittRomney's lead and my stock picks 
What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage. (cont) 
@KevinKuhn5 @VanityFair  Thanks Kevin, I tell the truth.
A president either is constantly on top of events or, if he hesitates, events will soon be on top of him...
Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama!
Sean's interview with Bob Woodward on @hannityshow was very interesting--Woodward was great. 
The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald!
It is very sad to see what @BarackObama has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
US tourists threaten to boycott Scotland over windfarms' 
Now @BarackObama is telling @MittRomney how to control his own assets. 
Fan favorite @LilJon once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  He is an amazing &amp; wonderful guy!
Paula Broadwell's book on Gen. Petreus is titled All In. Did she know something?
Last week was a first in #CelebApprentice when I fired 2 celebrities at once. Wish I could FIRE @RickSantorum! (cont) 
@jtylerdowling   Thanks
The record 13th season of u2018All Staru2019 @CelebApprentice features the return of the beautiful @BrandenRoderick. The fans love her!
The media can track down @PaulRyan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find @BarackObama's college applications or other info.
Glenfiddich is a jokeu2014should have chosen Andy Murrayu2014U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold winneru2014as Top Scot instead of a total loser!
.@MittRomney shouldn't give additional tax returns until @BarackObama gives his passport records, college records &amp; applications...
More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines, don't let your vote be stolen
When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say  what were we doing.
Right now, we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with China. That means every year. nChina is (cont) 
Iu2019ve sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today #TrumpCares
@dansalbreiter   Maybe they don't want to.
The Obama Economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created 
From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast.
#CelebrityApprentice contestant @LouFerrigno stopped by to visit today- 
By the US winning the Olympic medal count, we proved that both the American spirit &amp; talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA!
Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont) 
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. --Benjamin Disraeli
I hope the @GOP realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time.
In light the Benghazi emails released last night, it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public...
My @gretawire interview discussing why @BarackObama is not a nice guy, and who will win the 2012 electionn 
Donald Trump Has Given Millions To Pro-Romney SuperPACs and His Whole Family Is Cutting Checks to Mitt's Campaign  
Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record 
My @Newsmax_Media interview from Friday where I predicted that @newtgingrich in South Carolina would change the race.
If you have any doubt that @BarackObama must be defeated see @DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film!
If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters, make sure you report it immediately.
@bf2088 Thanks--and good luck.
Once again, @BarackObama's speech at @AIPAC yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing @Israel (cont) 
Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont) 
Get ready for tonight!
Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout  
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for @MittRomney supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well.
Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
Photo of @Gretawire and me from yesterday's interview... 
@jeffphilbin Wishing you good luck and a happy birthday.
This chart from AEI's @JimPethokoukis shows how terrible @BarackObama's 'recovery' really is: 
It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York @CardinalDolan will be delivering the benediction at the @RNC convention.
If my offer is refused, every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something!
My @SquawkCNBC interview from this morning discussing the price of oil, windfarms,Doral Hotel & Country Club and more...
Is it legal for @BarackObama to make campaign donor calls from Air Force One? 
Chinau2019s stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses 
.@BarackObama is practically begging @MittRomney to disavow the place of birth movement, he is afraid of it and (cont) 
Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster.  #TimeToGetTough
I have great respect for the people that represent China. What I don't respect is the way that we negotiate and (cont) 
I am honored that @BarackObama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America!
China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage 
Not the world, only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you. @lawrence You're too stupid to (cont) 
u201cDonald Trumpu2019s Miss USA Pageant Scores $5 Million Legal Victory Following Rigged Claimsu201d 
America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
@G_Harwood  Because they are either jealous or losers (or both).
Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great time
Control your own destiny or someone else will.n-- @jack_welch
Be careful of an Obama bomb to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do.
Press release. Video response to follow. 
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.
Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong, vote for @MittRomney.
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing why I endorsed @MittRomney and why he will make a great President 
Dine with The Donald and Mitt 
u201cDid you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the United States we could power Americau2019s (cont) 
Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public?  Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.
All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is @BarackObama hiding?
u201cYou have to set higher and higher goals.  You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.u201d u2013 Think BIG
Excited to announce that @GiulianaRancic &amp; @BravoAndy will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe.
I wonder why @BarackObama is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election? 
.@MittRomney did a great job last night. Watch the clip! 
Republicans and @MittRomney must get tough very soon.
As a big job creator, I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the 57th St. crane, damage from the storm and extending my $5M offer to Obama 
The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
Pennsylvania is in play @MittRomney. All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on @Israel?
@seketa77  I hope so for the charity's sake
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry @jack_welch's jock.
My friend @TheSlyStallone lost his wonderful son Sage this weekend. We all send Sly our love and warmest wishes. (cont) 
Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
u201cStrong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.u201d -- Andrew Mellon
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. --Will Rogers
Government dependency has surged over 23% since @BarackObama has taken office. 
We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.
John Roberts arrived in Malta yesterday.  Maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there.
In last night's #CNNDebate @MittRomney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future.
Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, @BarackObama has been a total (cont) 
@ReighnSeed Thanks!
Drew Peterson, a real sleaze, just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty.
Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont) 
The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news.  He will never be our true ally!
In his own words, @BarackObama was born in Kenya, and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii. This statement was made, (cont) 
Hey @Rosie--how is your recovery going? I hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon!
Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12 
#trumpvlog My thoughts on the State of the Union address, Apple, and a great @WSJ article.... 
FM @AlexSalmond of Scotland spent more than $750,000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly.
The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go.
We need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat China poses in the (cont) 
So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres. Morsi in the White House 
Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by @BarackObama--he can't be feeling too good.
RT @Newsmax_Media:  Donald Trump: Mean-Spirited GOP Won't Win Elections @REALDonaldTrump 
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv--Why did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?)
@ForexBoxusd @LibertyU 
Reckless! Why is @BarackObama wasting over $70 Billion on 'climate change activities?' Will he ever learn? n
Via @digitaljournal: Donald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President' 
Never ever quit, never give up - Donald J. Trump, The Art of the Deal.
.@antbaxteru2014Heard your documentary cost you less than $3,000 to makeu2014where did you get that kind of money?
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
.@BillClinton was very nice to me, as I am to him, on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends. @piersmorgan
Why would @BarackObama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
Believe you can and you're halfway there.n--Pres. Theodore Roosevelt
The more I get to know @MittRomney the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.
From: @Newsmax_Media: @realDonaldTrump: Public not Worried About @MittRomney's Tax Returns 
Via @WSJ: u201cA New Direction For Americau201d by @MittRomney
Q/A @thecelidebiasio  The secret behind my success is that I love what I'm doing. That gives me energy, focus (cont) 
I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow. Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland. n 
Stupid George Will gave @MittRomney no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy.
Fans like winners. They come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great, exciting things. #TheArtofTheDeal
@stecbeck Thanks, I'll keep at it.
Thousands of US warplanes, ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from China, leaving them open (cont) 
...now itu2019s the u201cgreatest pageant on earthu201d-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion peopleu2014u201chot!u201d
Via @dcexaminer: @realDonaldTrump to speak at @LibertyU 
Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. @MittRomney's election will end the @BarackObama downturn.
.@RICKYMONEY  I don't know a lot about failures. And as you know, I never went bankrupt.
I loved Walter Cronkite, one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter. @DanRatherReport
This is why @TimTebow is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success.
@HyperspaceIT  Thanks--@HuffingtonPost is a total joke--just like @Ariannahuff!
Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals.
If @rihanna is dating @chrisbrown again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch!
@rdowns I never went bankrupt. Enemies love to say I did. Didn't happen.
@MittRomney should consider Gov McDonnell of VA, Gov Christie of NJ and Senator Rubio of FL for VP. Really good men doing a really good job.
.@MittRomney's @RNC convention came in over $3M under budget.  Baracku2019s @DNC convention is over $10M in debt.  What a surprise!
My son, @EricTrump, is in Memphis at St. Jude Childrenu2019s Research Hospital...
Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices?
I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. --Paul Tournier
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media?
All raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford. (cont) 
Both Barack and @MittRomney were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night!
@darbizman  Thanks!
My @CENTURY21 Super Bowl commercial 
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
I have an open door policy for my employees. I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on. -- The Midas Touch
China is about to acquire a unit of AIG, which we bailed out, for $5.5B 
The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse.
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
.@MittRomney needs to make @BarackObama regret that he ever asked for his tax records.
Product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet
With unempoyment over 10% in 2009, @BarackObama held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party. He is a man of the people!
The delegates at the @DNC convention keep shouting Four More Years. Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt?
@mstacey9 I never went bankrupt.
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto where I explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources. 
@apoliticalbear @danabrams  True--thanks.
@ObamaCare is a disaster. Despite the mandate there will still be 27M uninsured and premiums will rise at FASTER rate 
In terms of energy, we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches...and I also include in that (cont) 
@shanesgranny Thanks and Happy Holidays.
Glad to hear @seanhannity supports my offer to Obama.  As Sean says u201cit is an easy $5 million to charity.  What does Obama have to lose?u201d
I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is. Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon.
.@Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides.  Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue.
It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video.
Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
Doesn't the US have better things to do than to destroy an American hero for the world to see? Now other (cont) 
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you will never change the outcome.  -- Michael Jordan
.@chelseahandler--stop calling my office for me to do your rather gross show--I have less interest in you than Andre.
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkboxCNBC, 7:30 AM, don't miss it!
The Penn State Board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the NCAA. They gave away (cont) 
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.
Congrats to @BarackObama--he has now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6T (cont) 
Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.
If Americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the (cont) 
@johnboehner 25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)u2014it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff.. will be interesting!
Life is very fragile, and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile. --The Art of the Deal
It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental &amp; aesthetic disaster.
Tomorrow we celebrate Independence Day, America's 236th birthday. Here is America's actual birth certificate   
@OwenKelly Thanks!
Filming of the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates.
Just stated by a total pro: You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking.
.@GolfMonthly re: my Scottish course u201cQuite simply, this is not the best new links course in the UK, it is the best links course, full stop
@BenHyrne @LibertyU  Thank you.
@piersmorgan @Lord_Sugar   I easily could but as long as Sugar is making me money (it's my show) I won't--unlike Sugar, I'm not stupid!
@rodsandguitars @nbc  Thanks
@GrantRebhun   Hard work but fun.
The Muslim Brotherhood, @BarackObama's allies in Egypt, will cancel the Camp David Agreement. 
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar--I'm worth more than $8 billion, acknowledged, almost no debt ...
@BarackObama should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. @BarackObama
Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast!
Just bought Doral Hotel &amp; Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country.
Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 
Now that China's own economy is slowing 
It is a great honor to have helped the community so much. 
I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy?
See Newsmax story re Republican National Convention  
I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyRelief
Pathetic--@BarackObama is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban 
Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense!
Interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
@AndyPettitte ratted out his best friend @RogerClemens in a ridiculous trial. Not nice! Who is rooting for Andy P?
I hope the @RNC is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard.
Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of Why Obama won't release his college transcripts- Come on, Jay!
In '08, @BarackObama said that Bush adding $4T to the debt was unpatriotic.
I'll be at Liberty University Monday, 10 AM, for speech. Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out!
Golf Odyssey, one of golf's most respected publications, just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland golf course of the year
SHOCK! While attacking @MittRomney's private equity experience, @BarackObama raises $2M from private equity bankers 
Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble!
Look, if we can make chopsticks in America and sell them to the Chinese, we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well.TimeToGetTough
...and borrow cheap!  You will thank me someday.
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing the 2012 election, OPEC ripping us off &amp; @MittRomney's job policy  
So @JLin7 had another game winning shot last night. Looks like the Knicks have not only found a new point guard (cont) 
It's Wednesday, how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists?
Alex Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont) 
.@maddow  Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel, windmills are terrible for the environmentu2014
Justice Roberts did the Republican Party and @MittRomney a great favor. He essentially said ObamaCare is a tax, (cont) 
Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter, like Kingsbarns and others--too cold.
.@Matt_Berry87  Piers did a great job--the interview was very important.
.... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show youu2019d be nothing!
As the @BarackObama's took their 16th vacation this month, unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at (cont) 
Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal
Emmys telecast is way down &amp; lowest telecast on record among young adults. Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again!
Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower!
George Will said best debate he ever saw. If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting.
America became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance. #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
I am proud of the Tea Party. These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years.
Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S...
Obama's Def. Sec. just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China' 
You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much. - The Art of the Deal
Outrageous--@BarackObama is suing to suppress the military vote in Ohio 
Here's what I told @Gretawire on @FOX when it comes to singer @Cher's inappropriate attacks on @MittRomney 
@BarackObama who wants to raise all our taxes, only pays 20.5% on $790k salary. 
The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is @MittRomney. The primary is over.
White House Press Sec. had a hard time explaining why @BarackObama supported tax breaks for oil companies in (cont) 
If @Barack Obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution, then maybe he should have (cont) 
Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
.@BarackObama sent over 100,000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL.
Shocking--two of @BarackObama's largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra  
TRUMPu2019S BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: HEu2019LL GIVE $5 MILLION TO CHARITY OF OBAMAu2019S CHOICE IF... 
.@VanityFair looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring, really really thin!
The full video of my @LibertyU speech 
Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good, he was absolutely fantastic tonight!
If you love your work, the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment.  Think Big
Great article--a must read by Peter Ferrara at @Forbes about The Biggest Government  Spender in World Historyn
.@HuffingtonPost actually gave me a positive story yesterday!
The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeksu2026
@skompa @TrumpChicago @TrumpNewYork @TrumpLasVegas @TravlandLeisure   Thanks!
Scary thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment?
Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly.
The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to?
u201cThe most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.u201d -- Peter Drucker
I'll be on THe Willis Report  @GerriWillisFBN today at 5 pm EST
If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame, liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible!
China is buying so many of our companies-- itu2019s really getting bad.
@GeorgeFWill is suggesting football is going away and @MittRomney will lose. @GeorgeFWill is a moron.
Congratulations to @arsenioofficial on his new late night show! He will do really well. (It pays to win #CelebrityApprentice)
In the 1950u2019s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.
Itu2019s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC. OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank.
In light of Newtown, our country has to pull together.
.@BarackObama is promoting ugly, inefficient, unreliable, bird-killing, noisy, neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake.
I'll be speaking on Thursday, April 12, at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention (cont) 
@MikeMpef Thanks, I hope you enjoyed it, had a great time.
When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US, that was a good day for you...
I have had the pleasure of getting to know @AnnDRomney &amp; @MittRomney this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today.
@HoppMar  So do most smart people!
@ArsenioOFFICIAL You have already made plenty because of me. How about a 50/50 cut(just joking) see you soon!
My interview with @parademagazine from the Olympics 100 Day Countdown in Times Square 
The liberal media is focusing on @MittRomney's bank records. How about reviewing @BarackObama's illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?
What could be better than dinner with @MittRomney and me? 
I will be making a major announcement today at 12:30 pm PST at Trump International Hotel & Tower, Las Vegas, (cont) 
$716 Billion from Medicare by @BarackObama. When will it end?
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the @nyjets acquisition of @TimTebow and the timing of @RepPaulRyan's plan 
Where were all the @VanityFair exposes on When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?  Sad!
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. @BarackObama could have stopped this.
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade during @BarackObama's term.
Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are, in addition to everything else, robbing us blind.
.@Yankees should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore!
My Monday @foxandfriends interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations, making the big deal and who has the cards 
The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil!
.@MittRomney is 100% right. The US Supreme Court should do the right thing &amp; overturn ObamaCare or the country (cont) 
Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems, notify the poll workers.
Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont) 
Keystone must be approved through Congress. @BarackObama is costing America over 20,000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.
Today @MittRomney addressed the NAACP. @BarackObama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
.@BarackObama's Super PAC has continually called @MittRomney a murderer  
The @MissUSA 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City- 
Our nation is a once great nation divided!
Pervert alertu2013serial sexter @RepWeiner is making another step towards a comeback 
Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to @Israel. -- @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
If @BarackObama's policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking Ronald Reagan on the Stump? 
Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off.
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. He is a true sportsman and a great competitor. 
Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.
You get what you vote for.  21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013 
I endorsed @MittRomney not because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China.
@JLukeRobinson The best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with Robert Kiyosaki, Midas Touch. (cont) 
The Chinese are smart.  They bought up over $7B in US housing last year 
All the guys that said @MittRomney would lose are rapidly coming on board.  Mitt will remember the early helpers.
Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70,000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings. @NBCNightlyNews
In calling my tweets u2018obnoxious,u2019 @AOL says u201cI sure know how to keep them wanting more.u201d  They are welcome.  I just tell it like it is.
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.
Hypocrite! in '06 @BarackObama called private equity the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality 
.@Lord_Sugar  If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought...
An impromptu interview I did with German TV on 9/11 down by Ground Zero discussing the attack and WTC Towers 
Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck!
The innocent bystanders of American poverty are kids. Yet two-thirds of childhood poverty in America is (cont) 
The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President.
My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President. Maybe I should listen. n
RT @MittRomney: I am running for president to get us creating wealth again--not to redistribute it.
We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings and investment. It's time to (cont) 
China's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing China to rip us off 
Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert &amp; Kristen.I don't have time except to say Robert, drop her, she cheated on you &amp; will again!
@SpencerLJackson  Yes!
Irresponsible! In the last 6 months @BarackObama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
Notice how @BarackObama failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible.
@colonopenbrakit  He is a loser--Andy Murray is a winner!
He @BarackObama wants 23 years of @MittRomney's tax returns 
Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid, while their causes are seeing very little...
I loved being a surrogate on behalf of @MittRomney. I am glad I was able to help him win.
When renovations are completed, Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the U.S.
Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya, Egypt, Iraq, Afghanistan--all (cont) 
Congratulations to @MittRomney for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure.
@designergirla Not a bad idea!
Great u2013 we are sending even more F-16u2019s to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt 
@LeviThompson93   Happy Birthday Levi--Work hard!
Justice Roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from (cont) 
Well, back to the drawing board!
You can take the smartest kid at Wharton, the one who gets straight A's and has a 170 IQ, and if he doesn't (cont) 
So @BarackObama will attack @MittRomney's career at Bain Capital but won't return donations from Bain executives 
Change before you have to. --Jack Welch
Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont) 
The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted, the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. @BarackObama never should have abandoned Mubarek.
I hate hearing after all of the hard work that @MittRomney never wanted to become President.
Join @ericbolling to get @vanessariddle to 100k followers. Beautiful girl with stage 4 cancer.nn
u201cGet it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. Weu2019ve given them billions and billions of dollars, and what (cont) 
With long gas lines &amp; total disarray from storm, the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama.
Wake Up America!  See article: Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake 
Forty-seven million now on food stamps. When he came to office there were 32 million. He's added 15 million people. --@MittRomney
Obama is totally u201ctweakingu201d the Republicans because he doesnu2019t respect themu2014theyu2019ve got to change their ways.
American corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation, but the Chinese (cont) 
Food stamps up 45%. Federal handouts up 45%. Is @BarackObama happy? 
Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?
Dopey @Lord_Sugaru2014Look in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing!
Pretty audacious for Obama to call @MittRomney a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write.
I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record time 
Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC.
In '08, @BarackObama hit Bush for secrecy 
A wonderful place. 
Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney George (Mitt's father). Sadly, time is up for Tom.
The harder I work, the luckier I get. -- Samuel Goldwyn
Wife Huma wants @RepWeiner to pull a @billclinton by giving a tell-all interview. Unlike Clinton, Anthony is a sick puppy.
I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral. He designed the 2016 (cont) 
Selective memory - @BarackObama says that he forgets the recession 
From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas!
@mattwiemeri  Thanks!
Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.
Trump: Obama is 'Unlucky President' 
@FLGovScott signed a $70B budget which cut $140M in indiv projects 
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree.
Corrupt--@BarackObama's largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle n
Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @BarackObama became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare?
Surprise-In a post-election delayed release, food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high 
Mitt's got it right: @RickSantorum's attacks on @MittRomney's pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish.
A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player.@Yankees will soon move him down in the batting order &amp; should renegotiate his contract
Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) 
America needs @MittRomney and @PaulRyanVP and we need them right now. -- @GovChristie
NYPD Officer Larry DePrimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness 
...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast.
.@BarbaraJWalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly, I won't be able to do it.
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed!
He is a professional and true gentleman: @GeorgeTakei is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice.
If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications
Tune in for #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning.
Congratulations to @Mets @RADickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award!
Listen to my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10PM ET on @FoxNews.
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time.
Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible. 
This is a great time for @RickSantorum to bow out with dignity.
Good news--@RickSantorum did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto @BarackObama -- go get him Mitt!
@Beardymilne @wtfagain I know you are jealous of Forbes &amp; a total loser.
Not only are wind farms disgusting looking, but even worse they are bad for people's health 
Pastor #Nadarkhani must be released by Iran immediately. I applaud the @WhiteHouse & @StateDept for issuing (cont) 
I don't care what people say, I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars.
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy.  How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?
Jon Huntsman called to see me. I said no, he gave away our country to China! @JonHuntsman
Price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
@realDonaldTrump @LaurenScruggs Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration.
Admitted:@BarackObama's Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's (cont) 
With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast, everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). Finally, I will be a critic.
First Obama says Egypt is not an ally. Then he promises to keep handing over aid  
I stand ready to lead us down a new path, where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed, not by a resentment of success. -- @MittRomney
Read this--@BarackObama's birth certificate cannot survive judicial scrutiny because of phantom numbers 
Donna Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed. @TheDonnaSummer
When will we see @BarackObama's passport records (sealed)?
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
The New York Times/Bill Carter/Sept.26, 2011: On MSNBC, meanwhile, Lawrence O'Donnell has lost 100,000 viewers (cont) 
Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid?
The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the @Late_Show. It's simple--I get the ratings!
Via @examinercom: The Miss Universe contestants glow with elegance during the Trump Holiday Party 
Wow, the Supreme Court passed @ObamaCare. I guess @JusticeRoberts wanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew.
I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at @WWE.
For the sake of transparency, @BarackObama should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia.
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing, apparel and fragrances @Macy's? Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts, etc.
Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes?
People are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country.
The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage.
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing?' We need (cont) 
Arrived in Palm Beach, drove by a gas staion, $4.50 a gallon. Result of failed @BarackObama leadership.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
I'm going to the @Yankees game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there.
u201cMuch as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.u201d u2013 The Art of the Deal
The rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months 
@crazymom28 I have a friend that wants to meet your sister.
I just bought stock in Tiffany &amp; Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies.
Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck.
When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park, it came in $750,000 under budget..
Now that Obamau2019s poll numbers are in tailspin u2013 watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.  He is desperate.
As the nuclear crisis with Iran shows, America needs to import oil from a reliable region. Keystone XL Pipeline (cont) 
Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump property. Honored to be doing this historic building--Washington will be proud.
.@BarackObama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
They succeed, because they think they can. -- Virgil
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend, counselor &amp; great leader--then dumped him like a dog!
Why is @BarackObama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latestn 
Mr. President, take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to Chicago. -- @MittRomney
With these record high gas prices, what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
New Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates.
Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion!
My @gretawire interview re: how the debt ceiling is key point, the fiscal curb &amp; why we must &amp; can make a great deal. 
Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. #VPDebate
Derek, get well soon, the @Yankees need youl.
@KrystianDior The Apprentice will be great!
China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor design 
The golden rule for every businessman is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'n--Orison Swett Marden
Last Friday's gaffe by @BarackObama claiming that the private sector is doing fine is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't
Real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. Try to take advantage if you can and buy (cont) 
.@MittRomney should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate.
Even more @BarackObama crony capitalism &amp; corruption. We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor 
It's amazing how celebrities such as @Cher can say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's (cont) 
I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again, I was right.
@LaurenScruggs, who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!
Receiving thousands of thank you letters from @LibertyU students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine!  Great people.
Congrats to @Yankees on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs!
Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonus 
David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year.
The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium.
@RickSantorum has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation...the time to (cont) 
He @MittRomney had another impressive win last night in Illinois. His delegate lead is insurmountable. It is (cont) 
Don't forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on @nbc--Celebrity Apprentice is back! Tune in for a great show. @ApprenticeNBC
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral. 
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald
.@CNN is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. -- Vince Lombardi
With 49 days until the election, @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record.
Good news - @RasmussenPoll has @MittRomney beating @BarackObama 49%-44%  
@Erizzle05  Only because he has something to hide.
Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have @MittRomney win the election than his @nyjets win games shows real patriotism.
@angela_pink_fan @celebapprentice @bretmichaels Tune in!
Someone should ask @BarackObama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.
@BarackObama u2018askedu2019 Iran for our drone back. They are returning a miniature model. 
@Bahleezy  March 3rd--tune in!
I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers.
Of the 9 battleground states, we only carried North Carolina. I'm proud of @NCGOP &amp; glad I delivered keynote at their state convention.
@danojano @AFreespeechzone  Dopey--I have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!)
I don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience. @MidasTouch @theRealKiyosaki
@BarackObama wonu2019t approve the Keystone Pipeline so Canada is now looking to sell their oil to China (cont) 
Right now we have a president and a Treasury secretary who shrug while China tears away hundreds of thousands (cont) 
Remember to watch the series finale of The Men Who Built America this Sunday at 8/7c on @History
A-Rod @Yankees had hip surgery &amp; will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the u201cdruggiesu201d have bad hips.
Congratulations to Billy Payne and  @AugustaNational on doing the right thing.
President Reagan had it right: Social Security is here to stay. We must root out the fraud and make it more (cont) 
This morning @nbc @todayshow played some of the @RNC video I filmed for the Tampa Convention 
While @JoeBIden is a gaffe machine, yesterday's comments that @MittRomney will put y'all back in chains was not at all proper.
A letter written to one of my many critics! 
@destiny_113 @StephenAtHome  I agree.
Great new ad from @CmteForIsrael: 'Next Year...President @MittRomney in Jerusalem, the Capital of Israel' 
Letterman @Late_Show begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment.
Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall.
u201cI also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.u201d u2013 The Art of The Deal
Lawrence O'Donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled TV series, Mister (cont) 
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.
Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot.
The new @DarKnightRises trailer is fantastic 
What a foolish statement by @davidaxelrod - he said that a @marcorubio VP pick would 'insult' Hispanics  
u201cAttitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.u201d -- Winston Churchill
I wonder when we will be able to see @BarackObama's college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait?
My @SquawkCNBC interview. 
Under Mayor @MikeBloomberg and Police Commissioner @Ray Kelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically. That's leadership.
Vote for Mar-a-Lago- 
My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8% number is a fraud 
Major Mexican cartel boss El Diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through Fast and Furious 
The GOP needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate @BarackObama and his big spending allies in (cont) 
Obama has destroyed the middle class.  In u201909, median household income was $55,198.  Now it is $50,678.  Four more years?
Congratulations to @FLGovScott on winning access to federal database 
.@ABFAlecBaldwin  P.S. Your brother @StephenBaldwin7 is doing very well on @ApprenticeNBC--and he stated he adores you.
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented  trouble...like never before.
u201cTo be successful, you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems.u201d u2013 Think BIG
@loveandgarbage  Dopey--who went bankrupt, you? I never did.
Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots!
Between Libya, the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious, Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President.
.@BetteMidler talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't. Is this a double standard?
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the @RNC convention. Everyone will love it.
Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun.
Obama's convention bounce is gone. @MittRomney has retaken the lead in the latest @RasmussenPoll  
The 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates 
Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures, in baseline spending, so we can get our credit back.
According to @RasmussenPoll @MittRomney has a 12 point advantage over @BarackObama on the economy 
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.n--Johnny Cash
You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird.  -- @MittRomney
Shock--even more @BarackObama solar corruption. @VPBiden's chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan. 
Almost daily more discrepancies in @BarackObama's biography continue to arise. Who is this guy?
@baeck I agree!
.@MittRomney and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you! 
Itu2019s Thursday.  How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff?
Statesman of the Year in Sarasota, FL on Sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout.
When I was 18, people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18, @BarackObama was Barry Soweto. Weird.
Doing David Letterman @Late_Show tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. Enjoy
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal.
Must read article in @washtimes: @RealSheriffJoe probe could dwarf Watergate 
#CelebrityApprentice Itu2019s good to have Jack back too with @marleematlin. Heu2019s become a star. #sweepstweet
My @CNBCClosingBell interview discussing America's financial uncertainty due to @BarackObama and the job report 
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. - Thomas Edison
Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers 
@fox_trot_1  I was in my twenties.
.@Israel could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...
Why is @MittRomney the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
Our ally Canada is 'frustrated' by @BarackObama's radical anti-gas policies 
Before you vote, think: Obama wants to raise taxes, @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
I commend @DrZuhdiJasser for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks.
Credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. #VPDebate
I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things. @johnedwards
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in!
Ultimately, Trump Tower became much more than just another good deal. I work in it, I live in it, and I have a (cont) 
A true honor. @PressSec considers asking for @BarackObama's college transcripts a Donald Trump question. 
Via @AP: Miss USA Olivia Culpo is crowned Miss Universe  Ratings increase 15% over last year. 
Could be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanelliu2014this could be good. #sweepstweet
I had a great time doing press interviews with @LisaLampanelli and @Teresa_Giudice earlier today- 
...they are costly, inefficient, bird killing, community destroying machines. They are obsolete! @maddow
RT @APCampaign:Trump to Obama: $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records 
@drumline_mormon  It is selling great at Macy's--thanks!
My interview with @seanhannity discussing this season's @ApprenticeNBC, #TimeToGetTough, the economy and GOP primary. 
Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
@melaniatrump's interview on @foxandfriends discussing her beautiful jewelry line,my son Barron and the 2012 campaign 
This has to stop! @BarackObama loves accruing American debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion. 
Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing @BarackObama's reckless spending, the Buffet Tax gimmick and #CelebApprentice 
We are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction. --  Douglas MacArthur
The @BarackObama campaign keeps highlighting a web video of John McCain being nice &amp; respectful. I'll bet John (cont) 
Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal.  
Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
ObamaCare has 21 tax hikesn 
If you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. Bring your friends and family with you.
What a coincidence--Michelle Obama called Kenya @BarackObama's homeland in 2008  
OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And @BarackObama still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?
Could be the hurricane helps @MittRomney--people are rioting in the streets over gasoline
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
We canu2019t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.  China is laughing at us.  It is really sad.
@OfficialBQGirls @MissUSA2005 @thaLilBit  Your performance was great last night--BQ will win.
.@HuffingtonPost is doing very badly. Also, very inaccurate stories. Like AOL, when will they fail?
Capital isn't scarce; vision is. nn--Sam Walton
My interview with Don Imus on @77WABCradio discussing my @RNC convention surprise &amp; @MittRomney's China policy 
@TrickettTweeter  No, his facts are very bad for him.
Welcome to the new reality. @BarackObama is now letting China buy US banks 
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...be sure to tune in.
It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!
The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debt 
@donmarie16  A total professional.
Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out, didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran?
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.nn--Ralph Waldo Emerson
We just have to get tough, get smart, and get a president willing to stand up for America and stick it to the (cont) 
WRONG!@BarackObama capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy 
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.
China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years...
The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'?
Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity?
A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps 
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. You're in for a great show.nn
Many many people are thanking me for what I said about @autism & vaccinations. Something must be done immediately.
@antbaxter @MailOnline  They only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary (which bombed).
Does anyone believe that @BarackObama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?
@NewYorkPost's Cindy Adams has a great report on the Dark Knight Rises premiere  
The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have.u201d u2013 THE ART OF THE DEAL
If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of @KarlRove.  He is useless.
During @BarackObama's presidency, median family income has fallen 4.8% 
If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent, what will he say?
Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame.
How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotlandu2019s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
.@MittRomney Op-Ed Culture Does Matter : 
I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans, lakes and rivers. If something works, stay with it.
Excited to see that @AnnDRomney has joined twitter. Melania and I are looking forward to hosting her next week (cont) 
Negotiation tip #1:  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.
My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing @MittRomney's Super Tuesday  and why @BarackObama must be defeated.
I suspect @JoeBiden could do well tonight. Don't be fooled by his gaffes. He is a seasoned and feisty debater.
The April jobs report is terrible. If the labor forces didn't shrink under @BarackObama then real unemployment (cont) 
These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history.
I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world.  I can tell who reads my books and who doesnu2019t.  #MidasTouch
In Nov. '11, Al Qaeda's flag flew over the 'birthplace' of Libya's revolution 
What will be @RickSantorum's excuse tomorrow after @MittRomney wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out.
Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall!
Diligence is the mother of good luck.n--Benjamin Franklin
Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully, he will win! @richardmourdock
My #TrumpTuesday @SquawkCNBC interview discussing golf, VP choices, the real estate market & healthcare reform 
@DanForsley @VanityFair  Wrong--Graydon Carter has no talent and looks like shit! Also, his food sucks!
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Pres. Abraham Lincoln
Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza.  An iconic event for New York!
The voting booth process was a total disasteru2014it could and should be much better and more efficientu2014tremendous room for error!
The recession was made worse by @BarackObama. A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
Happy Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin.
Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on @foxandfriends. Tune in!
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words--- 
@jenke2501  I understand your message.
Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again. 
For too long we've been pushed around, used by other countries, and ill-served by politicians in Washington who (cont) 
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice begins Feb. 12--be prepared for the best season yet! 
@LeahNelBulos Happy Birthday Leah
Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action. #TimeToGetTough
@mselesky @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  March 3rd.
Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust.
Wind farms are ugly, not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy. No wonder governments are giving up on them.
While the @Yankees look like they quit and are finished, they won't quit for CC
I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island &amp; Long Island.
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkCNBC 7:30 AM EST. Always interesting.
Remember this---@BarackObama told @GStephanopoulos in 09 that it is not true that the individual mandate is a tax 
??? @BarackObama held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont) 
As usual, the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines &amp; ratings!
The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!
My interview with @Newsmax_Media where I explain that gas is headed to $5, $6 and why @RickSantorum can't win 
It was @BarackObama who promised if you like your plan, you can keep your plan. Now ObamaCare is causing (cont) 
Chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/Barrel 
Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense, they use any excuse. The FDA should immediately (cont) 
.@DavidLetterman @Late_Show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends.
With our record debt &amp; trillion $ deficits, our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together.
.@MittRomney's poll numbers are looking really good. One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout.u00a0
Remember when @BarackObama promised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care 
Reality TVu2019s #1 Bad Girl @OMAROSA is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.   She is great as always.
Sugar: @Lord_Sugar--Keep working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show...
SHOCK - @BarackObama's people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at @MittRomney eventsn 
Media silent when @BarackObama  called @MittRomney a murderer &amp; felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard!
Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont) 
Why do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner  
Remember, I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment...its been lucky for you. The day after he sold it, he broke his foot.
My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's economic failures, attack on capitalism and playing class warfare. 
Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much...great news. He is a real loser! @VanityFair
Very proud to announce that Mar-a-Lago was awarded top Historic building in the state by the illustrious (cont) 
BIG--@MittRomney is preferred to handle the economy over @BarackObama by 63%-29% in a @gallupnews poll 
With China beating us like a punching bag daily, OPEC vacuuming our wallets clean, and jobs nowhere in sight, (cont) 
Over 150,000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July. @BarackObama is a disaster!
Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending, how come he continues to spend billions of pounds ...
Hope &amp; Change--since @BarackObama has taken office, the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer.
Will Smith did a great job by smacking the guy reporter who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event. (cont) 
Congratulations to Woody Johnson and @nyjets on acquiring @TimTebow.@TimTebow is not only a winner but a leader. (cont) 
.@GovMikeHuckabee was great the other night. People love him.
With allies like Egypt and Libya, who needs enemies?!
Dopey  @Lord_Sugar  I'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are.
@DavidRoyEarle See you in London--big crowd!
Under @MittRomney, Bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. Under @BarackObama, America has added over $6T in debt.
Our Founding fathers got it. They understood that nothing good in life--religious freedom, economic freedom, (cont) 
If the press can report stories from @MittRomney's dorm years then why can't it find @BarackObama's college and law school transcripts?
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136,260 per household, a 50% increase since @BarackObama took office.
Under President @BarackObama, China has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses. #TimeToGetTough
.@bwilliams knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night.
Even with lower profit projections, American firms are still throwing money into China 
Trump urges GOP to be 'mean as hell'  
My @Gretawire interview where I discuss why @BarackObama is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices. 
Celebrate 2013 @TrumpSoHo with downtown's nicest #NYE party. Get your tickets now: 
Bay Bridge in San Fransisco, built in China, keeps getting worse. Cost overruns are out of control --- China is having a field day with us!
The Republicans should use everything against @BarackObama--just as @BarackObama is going to use everything (cont) 
.@Linda_McMahon is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to DC. Support her campaign here 
He @BarackObama wants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban. 
Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors through high taxes, it takes away the (cont) 
Keystone must be approved. Oil is at a record high. We need to use our resources and support allies like Canada.
Justice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles, in light of Justice Roberts' bullshit!
.@MittRomney must ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications--why is he not doing this?
Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Unlike yours, my financials are phenomenal. People don't know your real numbers &amp; would not be impressed.
The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if @BarackObama tried them in NYC?
China's leadership is sneaky and underhanded, they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and (cont) 
Scary &amp; Unsustainable: On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor 
I was putting together my early deals in New York &amp; I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself &amp; you can do anything.
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
When youu2019re u201chotu201d the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down.
The military threat from China is gigantic--and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) 
Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked  in Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader.
Find out what Success smells like. I'll be @Macys Herald Square April 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance; first (cont) 
Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background?  
Tucson killer Loughner should be given the death penalty, not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost (cont) 
Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals. -- Henry Ford
No matter how good the replacement refs do, they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!
He may be the worst reporter in all of sports: @RickReilly of @ESPN. He gets away with murder and most people (cont) 
A must read for any country or community considering wind turbines. 
Remember while @BarackObama is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.
China just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a U.S. design. 
@hopewellcody Thanks Cody
Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media?
America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) 
I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. On this, there will be no flexibility with Vladimir Putin. -- Mitt
Good luck to Bob Kraft, Tom Brady, and Coach Bill Belichick tonight.
@BarackObama gave 1% of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004 
We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious.
Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @BarackObama is forcing Canada to send it west to China.
Mr. Pesident, @BarackObama, you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy!
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama borrowed from China today?
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. -- Dale Carnegie
FLASHBACK u2013 u201cDonald Trump Answers Boyu2019s Prayer for New Bikeu201d 
u201cRomneyu2019s $2 Billion Sacrifice for Americau201d By Chris Ruddy @Newsmax_Media 
7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15%
Obama was guest at VP debate moderator Martha Raddatz's wedding 
Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower.
The @whitehouse has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8.254% not 8.3%  
@Cement_MIXa49  Kevin--Congrats--you are a winner!
#CelebrityApprentice Paul Teutul, Sr. joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week- 
NYC's top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the Muslim community. Vigilance keeps us (cont) 
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success. --Irving Berlin
With our national debt passing $16T during the @DNC convention, @BarackObama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.
Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback.
A house divided against itself cannot stand. --Abraham Lincoln
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. @BarackObama can't be bothered, he is too concerned with @MittRomney's taxes.
Tomorrowu2019s election will have historic repercussions for our country.  Make America strong again.  Vote for @MittRomney.
If history teaches us anything, it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) 
The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
@Jixllr  Thanks!
I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign. Everything A-Rod touches turns bad.
My @todayshow discussing the @CelebApprentice discussing the cast 
Verlander pitched great, but @Yankees look truly defeated.
President Obama wants @MittRomney to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when @BarackObama reveals his college applications.
Scary u2013 in the past 90 days, Obama has set over 6,125 regulatory burdens 
Don't be fooled. In 2008 @BarackObama promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. Now promising (cont) 
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them.
If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama.
Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in @JustinRose
The lunatics in Congress banned the word u2018lunaticu2019 from Congress last week 
The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. @BarackObama should open more land for drilling, not tap the reserve.
@BriannaTurano Good!
Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.
Can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night.
. @BBCNewsu2019 child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracy
Now @BarackObama is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term  
The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from @MittRomney.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against @BarackObama 
Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit, I wish the stuff worked.
The damage that Democrats, weak Repubicans, and this disaster of a president have inflicted on America has put (cont) 
I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. (@IvankaTrump agrees)
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. u2015 F. Scott Fitzgerald
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
...I  trounced him in ratings &amp; Letterman beat @jayleno last Thursday. Brianu2014are you irrelevant?
This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility. Obama to @MedvedevRussiaE discussing our nuclear arsenal.
@tommo1903 Thank you.
His @BarackObama's specialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much!
@DANCESWITHMETAL  I am sure you would be just fine!
If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium, be sure to come early.  During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM
In u201908, America voted for Hope &amp; Change.  Instead, we got incompetency.  Now it is time to put a real job creator in office. Vote 4 Mitt!
Ratings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years. @NBC likes me (and I like them!)
Reckless--@BarackObama is projecting $1.2T deficit from 2012 budget &amp; a projected $25.4T debt in a decade 
I can confirm the reports--@BillRancic, my first season winner, will be returning to this All-Star season of @CelebApprentice.
Only three weeks until the new season of @CelebApprentice begins filming--great all-star cast.
Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud!
... So if you want to aim high, you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road. - Think BIG
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare.
He @BarackObama is using the IRS to sabotage the Tea Party 
#trumpvlog The song Donald Trump hits 54 million views. @MacMiller- Where's my money? 
.@EricTrump did an amazing job raising money for @StJude with his @EricTrumpFDN event featuring  @LisaLampanelli. Watch 
My @foxandfriends interview from this morning   
President Obama missed the deadline!
@riggs_deb @EricTrump  I agree, he is amazing.
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. @MittRomney is looking strong and sharp.
I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap, I would have been lambasted from coast to coast.
Via @politico: Donald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell 
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake, as she should have, I would have treated her very nicely.
Mark my words, a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer. OPEC is ripping us off. There's nobody in our (cont) 
Obama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it!
No money wasted like bad adsu2014the Republicans spent more &amp; got nothing for it.
It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects?
Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand, how do OPEC &amp; the speculators get away with this?!
Rev. @BillyGraham is a great man and so is his son, Franklin Graham.
Gov. Gary Johnson pulling votes from @MittRomney--Don't waste your vote. Obama must go!
.@dubephnx If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos &amp; replace it with junk that doesn't (cont) 
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove &amp; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didnu2019t win one race, including the big one!
If we keep on this path, if we reelect @BarackObama, the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look (cont) 
He @BarackObama said it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that ObamaCare is unconstitutional. It was (cont) 
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night.  The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.
On December 19th the @MissUniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. @nbc
A clip from my interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the cast of @ApprenticeNBC Season 5 
.@MittRomney's entire life and career have  built  prosperity and growth.
I love America. And when you love something you protect it passionately--fiercely, even. #TimeToGetTough  (cont) 
He makes a mistake every hour, every day admits @BarackObama. 
@BarackObama seems to have no regard for how China is conducting massive industrial espionage against the (cont) 
Obama told @NBC that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.
Howard Stern will do a great job on @America'sGotTalent. He's very smart and really gets what talent is. @HowardStern
@madmartinez @EricTrump @IvankaTrump Thanks Darlene.
Happy to have just passed 1.5M followers on twitter. We picked up over 14,000 yesterday alone. It's great to speak to everyone daily.
Scary--while @BarackObama has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history, he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt.
.@mcuban Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didnu2019t want you to buy a team--- but I donu2019t think you have the money anyway.
Obama is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate 
I always said @BarackObama will attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election.
My @FoxNews interview on @gretawire discussing the @RNC convention, @BarackObama's sealed records &amp; real estate advice 
Mariano Rivera, Yankee pitcher, is the greatest ever. Get well fast.
Great win by the @nyjets yesterday.  If they run the table, they will make the playoffs.
Watch @PaulRyanVP explain how 'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare' 
Via @digitalspyus: Donald Trump to Lord Sugar: 'Drop to your knees and thank me' 
If @BarackObama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds, they are killing the finances &amp; environment of many countries &amp; communities.
Someone must be fired at @AOL for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post.
Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance. @RayKelly
@kabarzombie69   It will be great!
In moments like this,we are all just Americans. I join with the President, religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today.
You talk tough, Mr. President, but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy.
Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida--great land, great location, great future!
Only 1 mill. dollars @mcuban? Offer me real money and Iu2019d consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left!
The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today @BarackObama is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy.
Considering Obama hasnu2019t proposed anything concrete, if he wins he wonu2019t have a mandate.  Another 4 years of legislative stalemate.
Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler @Newsmax_Media. Hopefully the @GOP can get the message.
Congratulations to Bernie Marcus &amp; Herman Cain @JobCreatorsUSA on the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out!
@kimberlyykitten  Interesting!
China's media is attacking @MittRomney while endorsing @BarackObama  
@JLin7 is a special player. He makes watching the Knicks fun. I think he can lead the Knicks far this season. 
Outright disgusting--the Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb. Sean Smith's mother 
At least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Colorado--bring back fast trials &amp; death penalty for mass murderers &amp; terrorists.
Glad to hear that @FLGovScott will be speaking at the @RNC Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor!
My @gretawire interview discussing @IvankaTrump wanting me to run for POTUS, @BarackObamau2019s SOTU and his China policy 
.@RobinRoberts everyone adores you- including me- get well fast!
.@MittRomney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama, who put these radicals in power, deserves blame.
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
I went to @MikeTyson's play. I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog.
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!
With the economy still on a downward trajectory, the best investment young people can make now is buying property...
... and many others. Drop to your knees, Sugar, and say thank you, Mr. Trump.
After Fridayu2019s Twilight release, I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again!
Michael Vick of the Philadelphia @eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback.
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey @BarackObama, We Did Build It!
I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures.  They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH
We have to get tough with China before they destroy us.
Donald Trump song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy!
A clip of my @LibertyU speech talking about the importance of the election &amp; our country's potential 
No one will work harder. No one will move heaven and earth like Mitt Romney to make this country a better place to live! -- @AnnDRomney
I wonder what the answer is on @BarackObama's college application to the question: place of birth? Maybe the (cont) 
Joe Girardi @Yankees must play his starters, even A-Rod, they got you there.
@pokerswayne @VanityFair  Very wrong dopey!
Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as Your Excellency.n
Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order.
@susanmahoneyxo Thank you Susan.
The majority of Americans agree with @MittRomney's comments on @Israel and Iran.
@GreenerAG  I agree on both counts!
My @gretawire interview discussing @billlmaher's comments, attacks on @MittRomney and @CNN &amp; @msnbctv's low ratings 
Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
Itu2019s Tuesday.  How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today?
.@BarackObama should release all his records (like other Presidents)....
Robert Bryce @NYPost--Congrats on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines &amp; how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster.
u201cOur side needs Donald Trump.u201d -- @AnnCoulter on @seanhannityu2019s show last night.  Thanks Ann.
Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great @jack_welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?
Attended last night's @Yankees game--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy.
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday If I were American, I'd vote for Obama.
I hear they are very unhappy w/ Arianna and @huffingtonpost at @AOL. Iu2019ll bet she wonu2019t be there for long!
I will be on the @todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3, @BarackObama's college records &amp; 2012 election  
Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward,' they take us 'Backwards.' These are ideas people come to America to get away from. --@marcorubio
Attention to detail is critical; choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. Find out more 4/18, 5:30 pm @Macys Herald Square.
@kc5yvv  Thanks!
Now the @BarackObama campaign is fundraising off of me. I should get a tax rebate! 
My robocall on behalf of @MittRomney playing across the state of Michigan   
Trump Tuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM, is getting very good ratings as is @Foxandfriends on Mondays, 7:30 AM.
Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are locatedu2014all for unreliable, bad &amp; expensive energy!
Great new ad from @MittRomney titled Nothing's Free 
We have to make America great again!
After Solyndra, @BarackObama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable.
Congratulations to my friend @limbaugh on being named to the Hall of Famous Missourians. Rush is a great guy &amp; a great character.
A good friend: @SarahPalinUSA. More importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put America on (cont) 
I am very proud of @IvankaTrump for her work with @Cookies4kids.  @Cookies4kids is a great cause helping children 
Waste--@BarackObama's Dep. of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals 
At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and Furious 
The opening of #TrumpScotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course, watch the video- 
They should seriously look into the moron George Zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid, Trayvon (cont) 
When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly, after the election!
What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the @huffingtonpost. How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much.
Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. @BarackObama's massive deficit spending is unsustainable.
#sweepstweet @teresa_giudice definitely fell under @lisalampanelli's negotiation skillsu2014an important business tool.
I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at @TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck.
#sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observanceu2014that of the client as well as her team- but sheu2019s a wonderful person
Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida. Will be renamed Trump National Golf Club &amp; be tremendous success.
u201cIu2019m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. Itu2019s a natural reflex.u201d u2013 The Art of The Deal
Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why?
What recovery? JP Morgan has readjusted Q2 growth down from 1.7% to 1.4% and Q3 to 1.5% with 2012 on a whole at 1.7% 
I will be speaking Monday, September 24,n (10 A.M.) at Liberty University, to a record setting student body. I look forward to it!
@ErekClementson Thanks Erek
Watch my video blog to see if your questions from my Facebook page were answered- 
...It's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
While Obama is obsessed with green collar jobs, blue collar workers aren't buying it. (cont) 
Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award...
How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?!
Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun.
America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) 
Can't wait for @VanityFair to fold which, under Graydon Carter, will be sooner rather than later.
u201cDonald Trump on Fiscal Cliff and Obamau201d 
Via @Reuters_Biz, Trump flies into ex-Soviet Georgia for tower project project 
Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400Mu2014not one winu2014(the Republicans better get smart next time)...
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel-  
.@BarackObama wants to see 10 yrs of @MittRomney's tax returns--tell him ok--but we want to see your college applications first.'
Ohio Senator @RobPortman: @MittRomney knows how to return prosperity: 
Have you been to the @TrumpGrill in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249
Fans shouldn't worry.  We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of @CelebApprentice appropriately due to the storm.
I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job! @NickFaldo006
Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us, the latest is the Philippines  
Why is @BarackObama spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.
Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless. @Sacha_B_Cohen
.@reince is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
.@bobschieffer did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive!
Despite all of China's cheating, they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!
Congratulations to @FoxNews for winning November in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows 
@rodgilbert7 @EricTrump @IvankaTrump  Thanks Rod--you're a great player and guy.
The Emmys are all politics, that's why, despite nominations, The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over.
.@cher--I donu2019t wear a u201crugu201du2014itu2019s mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didnu2019t work.
Always enjoy appearing on @extratv.  @MarioLopezExtra &amp; @mariamenounos were terrific yesterday.
This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President.
.@Chrysler disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move @Jeep jobs to China after the election.
Just read about my friend @HulkHogan--he was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles.
Think of yourself like a one-man army.  You're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well. u2013 Think Like A Billionaire
AMAZING - @BarackObama has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Department...bad (cont) 
According to a @gallupnews poll, over 60% think ObamaCare will make things worse for taxpayers 
Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?
With 50 days until the election, it is #TimeToGetTough for @MittRomney &amp; @GOP
The CBO has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8% this next year. 
@BENJAMINPRICE18  Go for the gold standard--aim high. Be tenacious and have passion for your work.
My announcement is tomorrow!
I guess they donu2019t have freedom of the press in Scotland. We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to (cont) 
A segment from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing @CoryBooker and fighting fire with fire in a campaign 
I will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday, February 2) at 12:30 pm at Trump International Hotel & (cont) 
Youu2019re all wrongu2014check the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotlandu2019s wind turbines &amp; the people donu2019t want them.
.@cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!
I still don't get how @KarlRove spent $400 million &amp; lost all.
Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp; easiest fuel for our military.
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, USA, India, Australia.
Obama has called Libya attack a bump in the road and not optimal. Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth!
Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
Bad news for @BarackObama. @gallupnews reports that the economy (71%) and gas prices (65%) are Americans' top (cont) 
Wind turbines threaten the migration of birds 
It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont) 
The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai &amp; saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord.
Congratulations to Obama and the @DNC. The federal deficit has topped $1T for a fourth year in a row 
Miss Universe contestants are amazingu2014the most beautiful ever!
In the end, Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again, a lot.
Only two weeks until we start shooting @CelebApprentice. We really have something amazing for the fans this year.
Yesterday Barack Obama said he wants wind turbines manufactured here in China 
Obama our Welfare &amp; Food Stamp President, is praising himself for expanding welfare 
No, I wasn't at the @Yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. When I go, they win.
Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to @Marlins. If A-Rod is not a @yankee next year, the fans will be happy.
Dopey @GeorgeWill, the most overrated political pundit in the business, continues to downgrade the Republican (cont) 
Now every time Islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse 
My @extratv interview before Hurricane Sandy explaining that I would be staying in Trump Tower during the storm 
Trump Offers To Donate $5 Million To Charity If Obama Releases College Transcripts 
Wind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly.
The @MittRomney healthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more options 
China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran 
Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years, he will thank me. Be smart, Robert.
Moody's is out to make publicity. The bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for @Moody's giving AAA (cont) 
u201cThe team with the best players wins.u201d -- @jack_welch
Via @BreitbartFeed--why doesn't @BarackObama release his original book proposal which says he was born in Kenya?
@ellavdw  You have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed.
Keystone pipeline would create 20,000 direct jobs, another 50,000 jobs servicing the pipeline. 700,000 barrels a (cont) 
The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act.
Very successful fund raising for @MittRomney yesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson.
Americans already believe that @PaulRyanVP is better qualified to serve as  President over @JoeBiden  
My @FoxBusiness interview on @Varneyco discussing @BarackObama's dirty tactics &amp; how @MittRomney should respond 
Rapper Mac Miller's song, Donald Trump has reached close to 72 million hits. He owes me big!
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closelyu2026
He made a great contribution to the press--@AndrewBreitbart will be missed.
@stass13  Sorry, she's taken.
My @CNN interview with @piersmorgan explaining why Mitt should not apologize  
I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching @MittRomney.
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!
Editorial by @DonaldJTrumpJr in the DailyCaller: Defending Innovation in America 
Just bought the Kluge Estate in Charlottesville, Virginia (don't worry, only business). See Washington Post articlen
Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by @TraceAdkins
With the run on our dollar about to take place, commodity prices will rise. Gold, silver, &amp; timber will spike-- also, certain real estate.
.@BarackObama said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him too seriously.
I am sure the @NCGOP will do a great job bracketing the @DNC convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization.
When Strasburg leaves @Nationals for another team for more money, will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good?
@random5   You can and you will--work hard.
Consumer spending fell in September 
#trumpvlog My thoughts on Afghanistan, @RickSantorum, and why I fired two people on this week's #CelebApprentice... 
... at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital 
@IvankaTrumpu2019s @CNN interview with @piersmorgan discussing @ApprenticeNBC, the economy and politics 
@RandySpangler Thank you.
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv  Barbara, unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it!
Be sure to watch #CelebApprentice on Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. Another great episode!n
Good news. Voters give @MittRomney the edge over @BarackObama on handling the economy according to @gallupnews 
The $9B that @BarackObama spent in 'Stimulus' for Solar, Wind Projects created 910 total jobs, costing $9.8M each. 
Sleepy eyed @chucktodd thinks Las Vegas is a state--see @todayshow this morning.
Great article by Chris Ruddy @Newsmax_Media: @AnnDRomney and Jackie's Example 
Congratulations to @MittRomney on getting the @DMRegister, @NewYorkPost, @NewYorkObserver &amp; @NashuaTelegraph endorsements!
The Government spends 30% more than it admits  
Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for @MittRomney.  It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the @NCGOP convention.
@BarackObamau2019s class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention.  He is charging $1 Million for a single suite.
Congratulations to @JamesOKeefeIII on exposing more Democrat voter fraud.  @DNC was caught red handed telling people to vote twice.
.@BarackObama was caught telling Russian PM @MedvedevRussiaE that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
@LuLuCornbread @celebapprentice  Most likely in February.
America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under @BarackObama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!
Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily.
Amazing--@VanityFair survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking...
The illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. Along our (cont) 
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference 
...Get along &amp; make deals for the good of the country!
The UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. Good news, killing country.
@JesseTMaguire @alkapranos Even more--thanks.
Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM on @nbc with its first simulcast on @Telemundo!
@MittRomney has created more jobs in the private sector than @BarackObama has as President. @MittRomney's record (cont) 
Today both @BarackObama and @MittRomney are giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio. The choice is (cont) 
How long will it take for chants-- bring back the replacement refs -- when a bad call is made?
If @BarackObama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?
The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon...I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago. -@MittRomney
Donald Trump: u2018Monkey businessu2019 on jobs 
As I predicted 1 year ago, gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense.
Accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR.
Via @USATODAY: u201cTrump endorses Wintour for ambassadorshipu201d 
@vincedelisi  Thanks!
Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone--@Rosie has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help
On Friday @VPBiden said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has @BarackObama done about it the last 3 years?!
Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires...
@FromJoachim2You  A great place!
How come every time I show anger, disgust or impatience, enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdownu2014stupid or dishonest people?
Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) 
Which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency? 
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under @BarackObama. He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter.
People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium ---   unlike others, I stayed open. 
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about the chopper recently made for me by @occhoppers....n
Mitt Romney matches sitting President in fundraising for April--not an easy thing to do. Bad news for (cont) 
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' Where's the media?
The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax.  I bet they wish they had all that money back!
Think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed.
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @DNC convention yesterday, it was ironic that the debt passed $16T.
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?
Yesterday was Veterans Day.  I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored.  This nation loves and respects all of you.
Trump: US Must Get Tougher Because China Is 'Eating Our Lunch'n 
Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in Virginia 
As a favor to my friends at EXTRA, I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on @nbc
It is terrible that @BarackObama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
TRUMP: GOP MUST DUMP 'USELESS' ROVE TO WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS 
I love @LibertyUniversity--such great people!
.@Lord_Sugar - nice call on predicting that the iPOD would be dead, finished, gone, kaput 
I told you, whenever I go to a @Yankees game the @Yankees win.
The class warfare being played by @BarackObama is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.
China's best friend @BarackObama wants to cut the US fleet down to 230 ships, the lowest level since WWI.
To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system #TimeToGetTough
... and, in my opinion, should not be doing The Apprentice.
Back by popular demand, the record 13th season of u2018All Staru2019 @CelebApprentice features the return of @bretmichaels.  Our fans will be happy.
Would anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this? @RealMeatLoaf is being punished for his political views 
Newly released documents show Geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed  
Iu2019m surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Halleu2014in the long run it was a wise decision.
I've got news for President Obama: America is not what's wrong with the world. #TimeToGetToughn
Remember when @ariannahuff ran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes.
@JNorr11  March 3rd.
I'll be on @gretawire tonight at 10 PM Fox News
The @BarackObama administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud. #TimeToGetTough
The new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great  
He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America. @BarackObama has done an (cont) 
Secure your place at the National Achievers Congress in London. It will be an amazing event with a great surprise. 
A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one. -- Henry Ford
I'm really glad that @MittRomney no longer says what a nice guy @BarackObama is.
Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88,921,000 Americans are no longer in the work force.
Unemployment is now 7.9%.  Four years and $6.5T later, that is really bad!
@TarikaN_11 Motivation is key, so is momentum.
@SpearsTim Can't pick a favorite--thanks.
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire where I discuss my potential GOP endorsement and the NH primary 
Another sign that @jack_welch is right. New government labor report casts even more doubt on the September jobs data 
People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay!
There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is @BarackObama.
In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageantu2014airing tonight on @nbc at 8 ou2019clock.
#sweepstweet @3nVMusic I very much rely on my own u2018takeu2019 of the situation and people involved. My instincts (cont) 
@MacFarb  Wow--very nice!
The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. -- Sun Tzu
In u201908, @PaulRyanVP predicted that US headed toward bankruptcy 
Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.
@Steelchecker  Jody--Agreed.
.@BarackObama economic gloom: jobless claims have surged 
Liberals can hardly belileve it--they can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when (cont) 
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.  -- William James
This is dangerous: @BarackObama is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1.3Billion to Muslim (cont) 
I am so glad @Rosie got fired by @Oprah. Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
NEW @MittRomney TV AD Dream - For these small businesses, hope and change was not so kind: 
@hailey_hustlerr Thanks Hailey- you sound great!
China is worried. The polls are trending for @MittRomney. They wonu2019t be able to steal from us anymore.
Look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children-
After Super Tuesday, every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
Great! Last night @CelebApprentice winner @johnrich &amp; alumni @RealMeatLoaf packed OH stadium rallying w/ @MittRomney 
I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people.
In less than a week I'll be honored by  Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year &amp; then give my big surprise to @RNC convention. Will be fun!
When will @davidaxelrod realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend @BarackObama's ineptitude?
What people don't know about @BillMaher is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early (cont) 
@damonpostal  Thanks
A former classmate, Roy Eaton, has published a great book, u201cMakers, Shakers &amp; Takersu201d u2013 check it out  
Congrats to @bubbawatson on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf.
Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense--&amp; probably shouldn't be.
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that. -- Norman Vincent Peale
.@BBC should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--&amp; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course.
The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason @MittRomney will be a great POTUS.
I got to know @johnboehner very wellu2014he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
Obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects US credit downgraded again 
@mdslhrst  Good move!
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Worst ever issue of @VanityFair magazineu2014bad food Graydon Carter should be fired!
u201cItu2019s sadu2014truly sad and disgracefulu2014the way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around (cont) 
The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.' #TimeToGet Tough
Whether @RepPaulRyan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now?
Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not?
.@MacMiller's Donald Trump just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business.
My @gretawire interview from last Friday discussing the unemployment numbers, gas prices and acquiring the Doral 
@Shawn_Maynard  This is our 13th season. No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. Shooting is underway. Will be terrific.
Outrageous--@BarackObama is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform 
My interview in @politico with @pwgavin discussing being awarded the 2012 Statesman of the Year by Sarasota GOP 
We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!
Amazing. @CelebApprentice has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base.
Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single, spread out shots! What do we have to lose.
Conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak. Using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes (cont) 
Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead.
An insightful article on @BarackObama 
.@SethMacFarlane will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at my @ComedyCentral roast.
The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas.
Obama planted that @nytimes story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
.@davidaxelrod I'm sending you a check to help find a cure. @IvankaTrump says hi.
The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles. 
One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after @JoeBiden gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople.
I still canu2019t get over how the Republicansu2014my friendsu2014spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp; ineffective ads.
Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.
Good news--@MittRomney is now leading in North Carolina according to @ppppolls. The NC GOP is united after their (cont) 
By folding, Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous &amp; punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to overturn.
@GuitartrashJB  Thanks!
Americans never quit. -- General Douglas MacArthur
.@RalphGilles of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional.
Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry, but I must. It's my nature.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Ralph Waldo Emerson
One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer &amp; give $1,250,000 to each family of the four... 
I hate @USAToday's redesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing.
Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebate
We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episode,over 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan...
I am in Istanbul,Turkey. Just opened magnificent #TrumpTowers--- a big hit.
Verlander is great but  very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games
@osaFoLmiK Happy Birthday and best wishes.
Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didnu2019t have. #sweepstweet
@JakfromBk Thanks!
He @BarackObama believes that the War on Terror is over 
.@MELANIATRUMP and I are looking forward to watching @AnnDRomney's speech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady!
My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links, Scotland- 
@Charles Barclay, a friend of mine &amp; a wonderful guy, didn't mean to be so nasty to @MittRomney.  He was just (cont) 
The Chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft. (cont) 
Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal.
Don't believe the lies--every budget @BarackObama has delivered to Congress raises the income tax on EVERYONE 
Good luck to Derek on his operation. I know it will be a success--- he is a great champion.
@Misterglorious  I wear suits from the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection.
What you dream about is what you do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big.--Think Big
@Rosie @realDonaldTrump  Thanks for the info Rosie--get well.
Back by popular demand, @GiulianaRancic and @BravoAndy are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant.  They are great!
Twisted Sister frontman @deesnider shines in the record 13th season of u2018All Staru2019 @CelebApprentice. The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great!
My @seanhannity interview where I discuss @BarackObama's Job Council, @RealSheriffJoe's investigation &amp; 2012 election 
@sayhigreg  
Some really dumb blogger for failing @VanityFair, a magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year, said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T!
In today's #trumpvlog @RepWeiner, the Secret Service, and Dick Clark..... 
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser. --How To Get Rich
@ItsColinFowler  Thanks.
For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.   Aristotle
Congratulations to @WWERaw on passing 1,000 episodes. @WWE is still going strong after all these years--@VinceMcMahon is great!
Shock! Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimates 
Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent, from a director's point of view. -- Steven Spielberg
Via @AP's: ObamaCare is a tax 
When the economy is bad, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?
.@mystikangel  Bring @johnrich back? He is back!
Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching.
This is good news: @MittRomney is now leading in Michigan by 6 points according to @RasmussenPoll 
Via @AFP: Trump tees off on new golf course in Scotland  
@toddjoldbull  It's a great hotel and city, glad you enjoyed it.
Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012.  His promises are worthless!
Orders for U.S. factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 years 
@JesseStroup  Nice to hear--and good luck!
SHOCK! ObamaCare will cost double what @BarackObama promised -- over $1.76 
Must read @WSJ column by Senator Phil Gramm - u201cThe Multiple Distortions of Wind Subsidiesu201d 
Spolier alertu2026the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom.
.@GeorgeTakei is doing really well &amp; soon coming to Broadway.
Thank you to Joe Passov (Travelinu2019 Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great articleu2026 
u201cLeverage: donu2019t make deals without it.u201d u2013 The Art of The Deal
I make no apologies for this country, my pride in it, or my desire to see us become strong and rich again. (cont) 
Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
A lot of the @Yankees should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner.
My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule.
Obama is not working. US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9% in August. Where's the recovery? 
A look at the Trump hotel planned for the Old Post Office pavilion 
Waste! With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit, @BarackObama is sending $770M overseas to fight global warming 
@MittRomney will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China.
The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont) 
Via @EllonTimesKenny: Trump course sparks international interest 
Vanity Fair Magazine, which used to be one of my favorites, is failing badly. Newsstand sales are plummeting--- (cont) 
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.&amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp; the students were fantastic
.@redcross CEOu2019s salary in 2011 was $951,957. Where is the outrage?
@Kevinsherwin Thank you
Via @starpulse: Donald Trump Calls Barack Obama 'Incompetent' 
If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower, call office.
Obama's '07 speech which @DailyCaller just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
.@MichaelPhelps--you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!
Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. --Vince Lombardi
Many people still out of power in Staten Island.  Absolutely ridiculous.  Why can't they get service?
I hope Derek Jeteru2019s recovery is going well.  He is a very special player and a great guy.  New York loves him. @yankees
Jeffrey Robinson's #TrumpTower has it all. The ultra rich, powerful, and beautiful. It's your summer must-read.  
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
His @BarackObama's budget: interest payments to China will exceed US defense spending by 2019 
Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready, our country is in big trouble!
I have a feeling the emphasis by @johnrich and @marleematlin will be on the charities and the money raised. (cont) 
Give great credit to @GeorgeClooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan.
My appearance this morning on Good Morning America...n
Good--@marcorubio is trying to eliminate the tax on Olympic medals 
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely...
The economy is in terrible shape. @BarackObama is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. 
Canada will now sell its oil to China because @BarackObama rejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it.
I am glad America is starting to get to know @MittRomney the way I know him. A wonderful &amp; decent family man (cont) 
Major grudge match this weekend between @nyjets &amp; @Patriots. I have a dilemma, I am good friends w/ both Woody (cont) 
Ask China if their rapidly expanding (with our money) Navy or Armed Forces are going green -- They would laugh in your face!
No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
Scary thought--@JoeBiden is a heartbeat away from the Presidency.
@Lord_Sugar @piersmorgan  Sugar, if you taught Piers Morgan he never would have won!
Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy. -- Rudy Giuliani
Without focus, it's just impossible to be successful at anything. --Midas Touch
I see my friend @FlaGovScott is speaking at CPAC. Solid guy, wonderful job. #sayfie @marcaputo
...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result.
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how @MittRomney has to get tough, real unemployment &amp; bias press  
I believe @BarackObama made a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election. Then (cont) 
Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season.  Really bad deal for @yankees.
Part 1 of my @jimmyfallon interview discussing my $5M offer to Obama, #TRUMP Tower atrium, my tweets &amp; 57th st. crane 
Snowboarder/Skateboarder @Shaun_White stopped by to visit this week....n
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate
Romneyu2019s campaign is being put on the defensive. He cannot let this happen. Stop pandering. Must get tougher (cont) 
Today I'm in Aberdeen, Scotland, preparing for the July 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course 
Still a buyer's market. Home prices are dropping, mortgages are low. Now is the time to take advantage for your gain. 
@digiphile @RedCross RT if you think Pres.Obama should release his records to get $5M for charity--for Red Cross or another great charity
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing housing prices, the GDP numbers, China spreading its wealth and my stock picks. 
Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades. 
Why do so many people say I hate President Obamau2014I donu2019t hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!
I will be at @Macys Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance, #Success by Trump. First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book.
I have captured the smell of success. Meet me and the new Success @Macys Herald Square April 18 5:30pm, first (cont) 
My @FoxNews with @gretawire discussing the Keystone pipeline, Re-election is more important than 20,000 jobs and (cont) 
I was just told by one of the top @PGATOUR players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree.
Ron DeSantis, Iraq vet, Navy hero, bronze star, Yale, Harvard Law, running for Congress in Fla. Very impressive. 
Wind Farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems. 
Another broken promise by @BarackObama: @ObamaCare actually increases income inequality 
Obama said not optimal to Ambassador &amp; embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate.
Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi !
.@NBC really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went.
The new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522,000 more people are out of the labor force to 88,419,000.  
I am very worried that if @BarackObama is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors.
Why does @BarackObama always have to rely on teleprompters?
President Obama, we need to protect our closest ally, Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.
Dopey @Rosie--I never went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit.
Mr. President, you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house, but not to your own facts. --@MittRomney
Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it mildly -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter.
51% of @JonHuntsman's NH voters are satisfied with @BarackObama as president   
A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My @RNC convention surprise hits Monday night!
George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him, they will lose.
May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2%.  @BarackObama's economy is a disaster 
Great to hear that our loyal @CelebApprentice fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special!
Trump Was Right: 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentaries  
@Lexi_Michaels  Yes, absolutely.
Pictures of @melaniatrump and me from the Men In Black III premiere in New York City 
After @BarackObama's speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released.
@RickyTheBitch @ladygaga I think Gaga is great--her 1st major appearance at my Miss Universe Pageant in Vietnam/6 yrs ago Should give me 25%
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. --Sun Tzu
I am going to give @Rosie a pass.  @Rosie is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled.
@PhillipMoodie Thank you.
Great new campaign ad just released by @MittRomney  
Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses n
Obama called August's job report progress. Overall, 96K new jobs &amp; over 173K new people on food stampsn
My interview with @RealMichaelKay discussing why A-Rod should be fired from @yankees &amp; how to terminate his contract 
Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st @TheInvestShow
#CelebrityApprentice Boardroomsu2014can anything be more intense? #sweepstweet
Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover &amp; shaker &amp; a really great guy!
@lfoshie @piersmorgan Logan: You are wrong on this--@piersmorgan is a tough &amp; talented guy--&amp; very loyal--a rarity in life.
Gary Johnson is asking people to waste their vote on him. Make it count - vote for @MittRomney.
It's sad to see once decent newspapers like @USAToday failing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved.
.@BarackObama should be careful questioning @MittRomney on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
Columbia University stated there was a computer error in their system concerning @BarackObama's attendance. (cont) 
It is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied Americans to think that a life on welfare, of (cont) 
Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
When confronted, @RickSantorum can't defend his ridiculous attacks on @MittRomney 
@TonyDABodyguard @Seanelmi  I agree--and thanks.
@LouisWalshXFact @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it.
The Chinese want to steal our jobs and technology--that includes so called green energy which they make but (cont) 
...Bad decisions can be devastating.
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!
Was with @jacknicklaus yesterday--great golfer, great architect, great guy!
Isnu2019t it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do @Late_Show while there is a record 21% real unemployment!
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
@atlthrasher  I don't think it has run its course. There are opportunities. Finding them and maximizing them are key components for success.
China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged.  
@FromJoachim2You  Congratulations and all the best to you.
The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation.
Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.
My friend @GovChristie called it--@MittRomney recast the race.
Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over.
Brits spent $57.8M on the royal family. Obamas cost us $1.4B in expenses--including entertainment 
Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing @MittRomney this November.
The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place &amp; kept thousands of people warm &amp; safe during the storm--thanks, staff!
People are smart. They know you can't be for jobs but against those who create them. It doesn't work. (cont) 
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.
The Midas Touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success. (cont) 
Tune in for my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10 pm, @FoxNews
Obama better than last time, but again, @MittRomney wins. Good night. #debate
69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo, the job numbers &amp; the waste of the Obama stimulus 
RT: @thedailybeast: Polling shows the @AmericansElect movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory...
He @RickSantorum should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on @BarackObama.
It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle.  We will fight on!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing ObamaCare, the Romney-Trump fundraiser &amp; my plans for Jones Beach 
Who would you like to see on next season of #CelebrityApprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years &amp; then just ran out of energy. Very sad story--although they caught him red handed.He definitely cheated!
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
@NGen52  I never went bankrupt.
Gotta hand it to @IvankaTrump, she loved Doral from the time we looked at it. The Trump-Doral will be an Icon. #sayfie #newsmax
I just learned that @politico has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?
Mittu2019s subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner.
Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19,000 rapes last year.
Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
#sweepstweet @lisalampanelli wins $100,000 for her charity and thatu2019s a nice gift.
Make sure to catch @historyu2019s season finale of u201cThe Men Who Built Americau201d on Sun, November 11th.  Great show.
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
In today's #trumpvlog I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the reporter- 
I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win, lose, or draw, Iu2019ll be there!
Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate, and I would be a star.
@MittRomney studying ways to increase pressure on China over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing how @BarackObama should release his college applications &amp; records 
Why won't @BarackObama repeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he supports gay marriage? 
As one of Miamii's largest landowners, I am pulling for the @MiamiHEAT in the @NBA finals. Lebron's time is now! @KingJames
Aubrey has a lot of self confidenceu2014but will it be warranted? #sweepstweet
Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us.
Donald Trump's back with 14 'Apprentice' All-Stars 
.@thehill discussing my @foxandfriends interview: Trump: 'Clamor for @MittRomney's tax returns has died down' 
Our President should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy. Instead (cont) 
@jackmarkou @CelebApprentice @piersmorgan  He is on and he's great!
Why hasn't Obama created jobs?
Still waiting for an explanation about why @GiulianaRancic &amp; @BillRancic did not name their son Donald.  Unbelievable.
My book with @theRealKiyosaki, Midas Touch is divided into five sections. The first is the thumb-n
Tell u2018Top Scotu2019 Michael Forbes to clean up his propertyu2014it is an embarrassment to Scotland.
@dionnewarwick thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood. You are a great person and talent...I adore you!
I was nice to loser @rosie and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. They only fade when you hit them hard!
The #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victoriau2019s Secret women!
China's Olympic training program is abusive 
It seems that Justice Scalia originally wrote the majority on ObamaCare and Roberts then switched his position. 
...Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction.
Newt attacks on @MittRomney record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake!
Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election. @BarackObama will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this summer.
Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was u201cprofessionally dead.u201d I saved her tiny... 
Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject!
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
...If you plan for the worstu2014if you can live with the worstu2014the good will always take care of itself.
@Skyhawk442 @Rosie I agree!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing Jamie Dimon, the Doral Miami purchase, OPEC's output &amp; @PGATOUR Open 
SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses @BarackObama 
I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi.
@sinnerofa10shun  Work hard and love what you do!
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots @PennState that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report.
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.
.@History's wonderful The Men Who Built America with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing, I'll be live tweeting the debate
Romney, Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulation 
Instead of creating new jobs, Obamacare is destroying jobs. And the worst part is yet to come, since the truly (cont) 
Congratulations to @GovMikeHuckabee on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better.
u201cChina presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation, its systematic (cont) 
Weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365,000. Manufacturing sector is suffering badly. We must do better.  
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.
I watched @BarackObama at the National Prayer Breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. (cont) 
@BarackObama has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra. He is an economic ignoramus.
More $ thrown away - @BarackObama gave $20M to Amonix and praised its success in '10. It just filed for bankruptcy 
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break.
The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying, What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it!
@MemoInc  You have to find a business that you love. That's number one. Success requires passion. Then keep your focus and never give up.
Demand by China continues to raise the price of oil 
Twitter is on @BarackObama's enemies list 
Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history. Standing ovations...great young people!
$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench. @yankees would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction)
#trumpvlog My thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing...... 
@rebamoreland @VanityFair  Great move!
@BluePrintBullie A great compliment.
What a foolish move by @davidaxelrod to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the @MittRomney campaign.
@MELANIATRUMP on @QVC tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces &amp; Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST!
It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
.@Toure, when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage, stop by and say hello.
BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. @BarackObama is reckless.
Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations! @Cadillac
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing Jamie Dimon, banking regulations and Mark Zuckerberg's prenuptial 
Why has @BarackObama allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the @whitehouse? What Hope &amp; Change!
For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns, you would think my offer to donate $5M to charity for his records is an easy go.
The blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama, because it's all part of his broader nanny-state (cont) 
While the next season of @CelebApprentice is packed w/ All Stars, ours fans will be happy to see @Joan_Rivers in the board room.She is back!
I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening, 9 pm on CNN. Be sure to tune in. @PiersTonight
Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile. Anything can (cont) 
Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years...
Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao.  A great fight!
Congratulations to @BarackObama--yesterday marked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded 
What a coincidence?! @BarackObama's campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters. 
It was great seeing @MissUniverse and @MissTeenUSA yesterday- 
Rosie O'Donnell has failed again. Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night. When will (cont) 
More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate.  A new record.  See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
My @WOR710 interview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election, Trump real estate projects &amp; our airports 
I dream for a living. --Steven Spielberg
ObamaCare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. Yet @BarackObama is cutting our troops healthcare.  (cont) 
Our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with Afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the (cont) 
All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat @BarackObama.
Bain did not list @MittRomney as an Executive on its website in 2000 
Foreigners slashed the purchase of US debt late last year--the first time in over 2years. We must control spending. 
The Prayer Breakfast was used by @BarackObama to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!
I'll be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center (CA) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress n
The Middle East is blowing up--we didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us. Iran is using Iraqi airspace, (cont) 
@CelebApprentice is having wonderful ratings once again. @IvankaTrump & @DonaldJTrumpJr. I am very proud of this season.
Based on very popular demand, I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate.
He @BarackObama invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State Dinner 
How does @michellemalkin get a conservative platform? She is a dummy--just look at her past.
Discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage with @kingsthings while hosting the 25th anniversary of his @CNN show  
The EPA is caught saying that their philosophy is to crucify oil companies 
The five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master. (cont) 
ObamaCare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt 
Cyberattack on White House--- what's next? 
@parisitony  True!
I am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican Party of Sarasota County. The (cont) 
Yesterday China VP Xi stressed the benefits of trade with China to Congress 
@adrienne_jensen  Thanks!
Great article in the @NewYorkPost by Ben Garrett--Don't Blame Sandy on Global Warming 
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.
So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump. (cont) 
Ann Romney is a fantastic lady. She was great in thanking people last night! 
@MisterJoe49 @Yankees I agree, but their careers weren't fueled by drugs.
@RealPro4Real  Thank you.
Weakness is very dangerous: @BarackObama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!
Now @BarackObama wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. He (cont) 
Ivanka Trump defends her dad 
Once again under@BarackObama, the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness  
Since @BarackObama is on such a transparency kick--how about releasing Fast &amp; Furious info to Brian Terry's family?n
Congratulations to the @thenyrangers on taking a 2-1 lead over the @washcaps. Great game last night!
@NeanderthalMan1 @MittRomney  I was referring, of course, to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy.
My fragrance--Success-- is flying off the shelves @Macys. The perfect Christmas gift!
Now is the time to buy housing, before values have fully recovered. In 5 years, remember I told you so.
The Celebrity Apprentice, Sunday night at 9 PM on NBC. Another great episode!n
.@Apprenticenbc cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the @todayshow with @MLauer
Congratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. They made us all proud!
Republicans rememberu2014debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceilingu2014be smart and you will win!
Welcome to the new reality. Goldman Sachs just based their new Asia Pacific chairman not in Tokyo, but Beijing.  
.@Mark_Sanchez shouldnu2019t be too upset over @EvaLongoria.  He will always do great!
.@MittRomney looks much stronger and much more Presidential!
Why the hell did we help the Libyan rebels in the first place. That is the real scandal.
So much for Hope and Change. @BarackObama has already spent over $100M on attack ads across the swing states 
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. n-- Winston Churchill
@SachaBaronCohen is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood (cont) 
A gallon of gas is $3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year 
Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the @Mets.  David is an exceptional player and person.
u201cA man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.u201d -- J. P. Morgan
America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) 
.@washingtonpost thinks @IvankaTrump is What Washington's Social Scene Needs 
A day after Greece burned @BarackObama released a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into Greece
Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock.  #TimeToGetTough
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about Clint Eastwood, the #DNC, and Drew Peterson- 
Hypocrite--@BarackObama has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas 
@D_Hastie @lancearmstrong  No, I said U.S. destroyed a once American icon
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
My @CNNS interview with @wolfblitzercnn discussing my endorsement of @MittRomney and why he can beat @BarackObama 
Formerly of the New York Times, @frankrichny was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. Sadly, he is an even (cont) 
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths. --Caesar
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the #CNNDebate and how to deal with Iran without using force   
@krnspeech @CelebApprentice @DonaldJTrumpJr   Sunday, March 3--thanks!
u201cThe biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life.  So if you want to aim high, you have be able to handle the bumps.u201du2013Think Big
I hope @boyscouts of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse!
It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on @BarackObama. America cannot survive a second term.
ObamaCare is such a national treasure that @BarackObama has waived over 1,200 companies from the law  
I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win.
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY, not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later.
@rupertmurdoch is a superb businessman and a world class CEO.He has built a tremendous empire and is certainly fit to run his corporation.
I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.-The Art of The Deal
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking. --George S. Patton
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
Today's announcement by @BarackObama on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
Typical--@BarackObama's Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor.
Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain, Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush... 
The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place.
In debate, @MittRomney should ask Obama why autobiography states born in Kenya, raised in Indonesia.
Get ready- this should be informative and fun! #VPDebate
.@MittRomney &amp; @PaulRyanVP get what needs to be done to reign in China. @BarackObama gets kicked around by the Chinese.
u201cDonald Trump to Build Trump Towers Complex in Rio de Janeirou201d 
A gallon of gas has more than doubled while @BarackObama has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone.
Great to hear that @nfl legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed @MittRomney in Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the fiscal cliff.  They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans.
So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel, @BarackObama donated to himself.
Today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers..
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!
All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect.  Stay tuned!
My @nbc @todayshow interview discussing my @RNC video &amp; why @MittRomney should not apologize n
Congratulations to @AllenWest on winning last night's primary!
Don't forget Benghazi.
@playagaindesign  
@jbresson  Thanks Justin.
Obama will be going on @theviewtv &amp; fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly...
.@LisaLampanelli  You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice.
We need a President who understands the economy - @gallupnews has US unemployment at 8.2% in July, up from 8% in June  
@taylorswift13 Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!
President Obama, if it is important to you, I will substantially increase the $5M offer!
.@dennisrodman looks like he really cleaned up his act.
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
Spoiler--@dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice...
Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's @CelebApprentice. Our fans will be pleased.
.@MittRomney should not give any other further information until @BarackObama releases the things that everyone wants to see----
My @FoxNews interview on @TeamCavuto discussing why debt commission should be  discussed in debates &amp; @RNC convention  
... and opened a full month ahead of schedule.  Case is taught in Wharton.
@yorkv01  Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. Enjoy!
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
Congratulations to @DavidWright of the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also, a fantastic guy.
He @BarackObama wants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime 
I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
Welcome to Obama's America--record high poverty and an 8% drop in median household family income 
While @BarackObama watches, China is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international (cont) 
Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog.
@FSTLTD @tonyrobbins  Will be a great event. See you in London.
Imagine how much money the average American would save if we busted the OPEC cartel. (cont) 
France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating.  With the PMs radical tax rates...
Congrats to @MiamiHEAT on winning @NBA championship. @MickyArison is a tremendous owner &amp; has done wonders for (cont) 
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today.  Welcome to @BarackObamau2019s second term.
u201cEven such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate.u201d Think Like A Billionaire
The @BarackObama administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations 
In '08 @BarackObama called Jerusalem Israel's capital 
My @CNN interview with @TVAshleigh discussing @MittRomney's electability and @RickSantorum's Senate loss.  
When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax
After 13 seasons, @ApprenticeNBC easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well.
France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day.
People are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out. 
The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for @nbc--NBC won the evening. Thank you, Donald.
He @MittRomney wrote a great piece on China 
@statereform @Macys  You sound great!
Here's a sneak peek at the @DNC convention theme:  It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh, and government built it.
People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry.
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be... 
@jayleno - my description of @MittRomney - Future President or POTUS 45 or @BarackObama's Worst Nightmare
Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes @BarackObama's story a big lie.
China has hacked another US government body. 
Now Chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market 
Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!
With @BarackObama listing himself as Born in Kenya in 1999
Pres. Obamau2019s steady support of @Israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  He did a good job.
Don't take vacations.  What's the point?  If you're not enjoying your work, you're in the wrong job.  -- Think Like A Billionaire
@jbluvx2 Happy Birthday!
I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport, a terrible situation!
Today is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Social media has changed the news &amp; communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
Networks are all wanting me to do showsu2014like it or not a u201cratings machineu201d! u2013but time, I run a really big company!
Weird--why did BarackObama Sr. fail to list @BarackObama as his son in his 1961 INS application? 
@OXSapphireXO @VanityFair  No, that dope Graydon Carter has hit on me for 25 years. His magazines always fail (see SPY)
If you don't have a competitive advantage, don't compete.   -- Jack Welch
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government. -- @MittRomney
Obama was beaten but not knocked out.  He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
... The Republicans just didnu2019t resonate with the peopleu2014but they will have better days.
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!
Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation.
It's Tuesday, how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama?
@arsenioOFFICIAL will do great in his new talk show on CBS. Heu2019s really got what it takes!
Trump Tuesday: I'll be on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in.
I keep getting great feedback on new #TRUMP cologne 'Success.' Exclusively available at @Macy's 
Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker. Go see Lincoln.
I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific!
What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94% @BarackObama, 0% @MittRomney.Even worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism?
Good messaging and staying on point. @MittRomney called @BarackObama anti-investment, anti-business, anti-jobsn
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
To the @BarackObama administration, saving money isn't the point--expanding government and spending more (cont) 
He @RickSantorum has as much chance of being the GOP nominee as @Rosie does of ever having a successful (cont) 
Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league .
Hmmm...can you imagine me speaking at the RNC Convention in Tampa?
So many tweets &amp; stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look, it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken.
I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces. #TimeToGetTough
Filming for @CelebApprentice Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.
Recently opened @TrumpToronto- it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony.. 
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. --General Douglas MacArthur
The @BarackObama administration now claims to have done everything to reduce gas prices 
The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges, etc
u201cTo keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do.u201d -- Think Big
Canada's PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oil @BarackObama rejected in Keystone. 
You canu2019t know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity.u201d -- The Way To The Top
Many Democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the DNC convention in Charlotte 
While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct.
Destroying the world's finest health-care system so that @BarackObama can have his socialized medicine program (cont) 
40 days until the election. Crunch time. @MittRomney must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.
Former Obama White House economic adviser @Austan_Goolsbee gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy 
My @gretawire interview discussing @MittRomney debate responses, Obama's hidden records, my tweets and unemployment  
I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET @NBC
To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it?
@fatmaninaspeedo  I have not met @MacMiller but his song, Donald Trump, has had over 40 milion hits. Maybe he should pay me somethiing.
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--@BarackObama should release his college application records and grades. He says he (cont) 
Waste! The CBO now estimates that @BarackObama's stimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4.1M per job created 
Rising premium costs from Obamacare will cost businesses billions 
Enjoyed watching @ericbolling $ @SarahPalinUSA's @FoxNews special #PainatthePump over the weekend. (cont) 
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi?  And he continues to lie to the public!
I'll be in London on Sunday at the ExCel Centre to talk about success. It will be a great time for everyone! 
My @gretawire interview n 
The US government's foreign debt is at a record $5.29T 
A lot changed when David Letterman said  he was probably born in this country--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama.
Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
A commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. That's one of the biggest problems with @BarackObama: (cont) 
My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's USC comments, insurance premiums, @SarahPalinUSA on the (cont) 
@BarackObama doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its power--I thought he was a constitutional lawyer. Why (cont) 
u201cTrump Brand Expands To South America: The Donald Lends His Name To Luxury Tower In Uruguayu201d 
The Euro, put in place to hurt the U.S., is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think.
I think the @yankees will win today. Unlike A-Rod, CC is good under pressure. I hope A-Rod plays, however.
Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the Iranians,Syrians &amp; Russians along Syrian coast. 
Congratulations to @MittRomney on Tuesday night's sweep. He also delivered a 'Killer Speech'  
.@Rosie--If America's Got Talent uses you, the show will fail like all your others!
Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason.u00a0
A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before. #TimeToGetTough  
Almost all reporters falsely report that I had a bad time at last year's White House Correspondents' Dinner. (cont) 
@usa67us  Thank you
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. #VPDebate
@Limka11 @Jess_Wiliem98  Thank you.
The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity.... 
Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick &amp; perverted man that New York does not want or need.
For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.  -- Aristotle
Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also, not a pressure player.
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!
The Trump Tower restaurant, Trump Grill, just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible, u201cAu201d u2013 the food is also great!
I would do same thing if I were China.  They want Obama. 
I promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests. Thanks!
Another solar company @BarackObama funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy  
While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season, reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country. Go Derek. @Yankees
@mstang_13  I hope so.
Gas prices are up 30 cents this month, rising 21 days in a row 
At the debate, the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying, why didn't he do it?  He lost me a long time ago.
He @BarackObama will lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary 
Pat Caddell on Neil Cavuto tonight: I've watched Donald Trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to (cont) 
You get what you vote for.  US credit rating is about to be downgraded once again 
Georgetown should not host @KathleenSebelius for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics.
It's Thursday and again I ask--how much money is China stealing from us?
Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary.
What a statesman! @BarackObama made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont) 
Watch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office &amp; told me that @BarackObama applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it!
@mcuban ---- Do you mean the President's birthplace?
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties. -- Harry S. Truman
@BarackObama's budget funds the Arab Spring with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam.
Me voting--- it really is my hair! 
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the GOP primary, gas prices, the Doral purchase and my outlook on the economy. 
What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil.
Amazing Race winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows.
Scary.  Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years.  4 more years?
Now Obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term 
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring'? (cont) 
@marcorubio's endorsement of @MittRomney shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat @BarackObama.
.@bwilliams--wouldn't you love to have my ratings?
.@lolojones given a raw deal in @nytimes story--not fair.
Welcome to the @BarackObama recovery--the labor force participation rate is at a NEW 30 year low of 64.3%  
Our new @MissUniverse Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished.  She is a wonderful role model.
Oh no, another rapper doing a Trump song --Young Jeezy - Trump Lyrics. Why aren't these guys paying me?
The networks are all driving me crazy to do television showsu2014u201ca ratings machineu201du2014but because of Apprentice have been loyal  to NBC.
Here's the solution on China: get tough. Slap a 25 percent tax on China's products if they don't set a real (cont) 
Clinton commented in Ohio today that @MittRomney is right, the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.
The real outsourcer - @BarackObama is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money 
Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency. -- @bobmcdonnell
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
@ojmart  Thank you!
It's Thursday, how much $ has @BarackObama wasted today?
I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet, some call it a tirade..totally dishonest!
@klisitsin  The Art of the Deal.
The fact is, you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs (cont) 
Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) 
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both @nbc and @Telemundo.  Will be a beautiful show!
We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks.
The 18th hole at the Blue Monster @Doral in Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf...n
Obama just said @MittRomney was a very successful investor--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
A study says @Autism is out of control--a 78% increase in 10 years. Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont) 
Wrong Policy: @BarackObama wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific. 
This is such a special time to be in New York City.  No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas!
WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song Donald Trump.
They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer.
When will @BarackObama release his college and law school transcripts?n
Fracking will lead to American energy independence. With price of natural gas continuing to drop, we can be at a tremendous advantage.
Comic @sethmeyers21 bombed at University of Texas at Arlingtonu2014crowd was dismal as was his performanceu2014I told you so!
@callmemrwayne @realDonaldTrump @DebbieGibson  Thanks Debbie
#sweepstweet @johnrich and @marleematlin were on #CelebrityApprenticeu2014and theyu2019re back!
Made in America? @BarackObama argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court.
Watch #CelebApprentice this Sunday at 9PM ESTon @NBC--it has received many 4 star reviews.
A MUST READ! @AndrewBreitbart's last article--The Vetting, Part I: @BarackObama's Love Song to Alinsky 
Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high.
Great speech by my good friend @GovChristie. He did something you won't hear at @BarackObama's convention---tell the truth.
The Saudis are taking credit for a meager 2% drop on crude 
When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago, it was on life support...
.@antbaxter  Your documentary died many deaths. You have, in my opinion, zero talent.
America is mired in the longest job recession since the Great Depression. @MittRomney can get us out of it. (cont) 
Chris Ruddy is always on point: Trump Opens 'Greatest Golf Course In the World' 
Raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do.  So they will probably do it.
P.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyRelief
Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of.
He knows he won't have to spend much: @JonHuntsman has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar.
Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman @Late_Show audience, I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain....
Let's take a closer look at that birth certificate. @BarackObama was described in 2003 as being born in Kenya. 
If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them, those countries should pay for the protection.  #TimeToGetTough
@princeetornam They had both interest and aptitude. They've done a terrific job.
Behind the scenes photo of @Gretawire and I filming an interview- 
Amazing--playing with an ankle injury, @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter tied Willie Mays last night for #10 on (cont) 
China must be worried that @MittRomney will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like @BarackObama.
.@BarackObama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China. --@MittRomney
He @newtgingrich is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy!
@RevRome83 @CelebApprentice @bretmichaels You won't be disappointed!
.@MRbelzer is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on Law and Order?
@joeyhatcher You'll have to watch to find out.
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the GOP primary, my 2012 options and why @BarackObama must lose 
Small businesses will have an ally in the White House with @MittRomney. Mitt gave a great interview yesterday 
@therealhillyard Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles--it fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular.
Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a concert she said we have a black Muslim in the White House.
Looking forward to Sundayu2019s speech in the ExCel Centre. 
The @BarackObama recovery - US unemployment is 9.1%, US underemployment is 19.1% 
Who else could take 16 vacations, play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as (cont) 
u201cThe problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological (cont) 
Watch the clip from @Late_Show where the crowd cheers after I explain that my offer is about transparency 
@PaulBocian Thanks, it was wonderful.
I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion.
QE3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion. Creates artificial numbers for short term market gains. (cont) 
No surprise. @BarackObama is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans 
u201cBorrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity.u201d -- @PaulRyanVP
Rick Perry--a good man, a great family and a patriot.
@Mr_Schwab You have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times.
People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any.
My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!
Great move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs).
@DJT_biggest_fan @IvankaTrump  Ivanka is a great example.
Living in denial--only 15% of Democrats think that recent economic news is poor 
I let @pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of u2018All Staru2019 @CelebApprentice after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v.
TRUMP TUESDAY @SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am  Tune in!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing how @BarackObama is running a hateful campaign &amp; the @RNC convention 'Surprise' 
@BernardMcGuirk. That's more than O'Reilly did ...and he is supposed to be my friend. You're terrific!
u201cYou canu2019t con people, at least not for long.  If you donu2019t deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on.u201d - The Art of The Deal
Today @BarackObama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
Another @BarackObama green car loan recipient is laying off staff. 
Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors, it takes away the money that creates (cont) 
@TraderExpert  Thanks!
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.
Life brings you many surprises. As a child I used to vacation with my family at the Doral in Miami. Now I own it. 
Yes, the BP oil spill was bad, but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling. That showed no (cont) 
My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--&amp; all the biggies. It's like having your own newspaper.
Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and @RNC convention. Will be fun!
#trumpvlog Windfarms in today's video blog... 
In 2008, @BarackObama campaigned against $3.50 gas  
An excerpt of my @TheBrodyFile interview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea Party 
The upcoming record 13th season of @CelebApprentice is going to be very special.  Our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
China is an international pariah. They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands  
Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company 
The Amateur! First @BarackObama was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico!  
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.
@Nc777ww  He is a loser who will self-destruct,  just like @Rosie!
Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Convention--wrong!
My @gretawire interview where I discuss fixing the economy, killing Bin Laden, the John Edwards trial and fair trade.
Entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality. #MidasTouch
....on ruining Scotlandu2019s beauty with ugly &amp; costly wind turbines?
He @MittRomney gets the China problem, why don't the others?
A tough week was had by@MittRomney, but he's come back from adversity before.
The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize @MittRomney.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -- Thomas Edison
@WandaSalley  Thanks--have fun!
General Petreus and his family are paying a big price!
Iu2019ve gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a (cont) 
Greece should get out of the euro &amp; go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time.
So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose.
Irony! @BarackObama was in Florida yesterday fundraising. Gas also rose to $6/gallon for Florida drivers yesterday. 
Everybody is raving about the Trump Home Mattress by @SertaMattresses. If you are looking for a mattress, go buy (cont) 
He @johnedwards is bad, but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a rat but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
Personally, I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them.
Direct view of crane from apartment window. Crane was never properly secured, blowing in the breeze. 
Putin has no respect for our President --- really bad body language.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why @MittRomney is a great nominee, gas prices and why George Will is a loser. 
I am in Las Vegas for the @MissUSA 2012 pageant. Watch live tonight on @NBC at 9PM ET. 
@BubbasLmky  But hard work!
Benghazi is bigger than Watergate.  Donu2019t let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die.  Kick him out of office tomorrow.
Shock - @BarackObama's DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are starting to be canceled. 
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. --Paul Tournier
I have never seen a thin person drinking  Diet Coke.
u201cThere is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy.  You have to love what you do.u201d - Think Big
Pres. Bill Clinton, 5.31.12: @MittRomney had a sterling business career.
I will miss Mike Wallace. He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont) 
Trump Tuesday--@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:38 AM.
The polls &amp; momentum  are trending towards @MittRomney. Don't let the hurricane change your thinking!
$6 gas is coming sooner than later. America must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.Also, (cont) 
An attack on our Embassy is an attack on our soil. We have been attacked by Libya. Go into Libya &amp; take the (cont) 
Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress 
@LaraLeaYunaska @EricTrump  And you looked great last night Lara.
Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?
A resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow. Environmentalists are going crazy--I won't be skiing in that snow.
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres. @billclinton play a key role in their convention.
Beyond simple justice, and beyond reducing our national debt, another advanage of taking the oil is that it (cont) 
Having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment.n--Midas Touch
My @gretawire interview discussing my @MittRomney fundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the (cont) 
@BarackObama doesn't have an answer for how much Americans should pay for gas 
@antbaxter @Salon @antbaxteru2014Apprentice is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap &amp; boring documentary is a tremendous flop.
Dopey @Lord_Sugar  People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets...
.@penn_state leadership has permanently scarred &amp; perhaps destroyed a great university. They should have (cont) 
The Audacity of @BarackObama--the Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.
My interview with @NYDNGatecrasher discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD and my endorsement of @MittRomney 
Look, here's the deal: @BarackObama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and (cont) 
To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system. Almost every (cont) 
How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lostu2014badlyu2014to me &amp; Andy Murray, a true Scot, who won the U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold?
This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better.
Letterman @Late_Show had Brian Williams @NBCNightlyNews as guest last night, I was on last Thursday
Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife.
@BarackObama's Energy Sec. called for $7-$9 gas in January. Wish granted. 
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.
Under Obama, Iran has taken over Iraq, Al Qaeda has taken over Libya, the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst  foreign policy ever.
A letter from an amazing woman 
Tonight in his SOTU, @BarackObama won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare.
I hope @Official1MCD is recuperating well in LA.  Get better!  @OMAROSA
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how @MittRomney can win the first debate &amp; the last 35 days 
The new @BarackObama motto - You Own Nothing, Not Even Your Own Success ...
In the UK, taxpayers are wasting u00a324 million on wind farms that don't even operate. 
I don't mind that @BarackObama plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress!
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light. --George Washington
.@MikeTyson and @SpikeLee I gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog 
The @nyjets are going to have a terrific season. @Mark_Sanchez &amp; @TimTebow will do great things on the field.
CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious, there are clearly at least two cover ups in @BarackObama's White House.
RECKLESS! @BarackObama has now increased the debt more than any other POTUS and the first 42 combined. 
For a country like China, being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings (cont) 
Very dangerous pattern developing across country by Obama supporters.  Detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun 
Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff.  If taxes are raised, they must come with real, hard cuts.
The @Yankees acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play.
Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene @pareene is known as a total joke in political circles. Hence, he writes for Loser Salon. @Salon
Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR?
@RickSantorum is desperate. He is now saying that he wants to be @MittRomney's VP. 
u201cOur country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known. We have big hearts, big brains, and (cont) 
@MoruaGabriel  Thanks!
We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion -- @MittRomney
I hope Newtown CT can now start to healu2014but it wonu2019t be easy!
I made my decision to allow Jenna Talackova to participate in Miss Universe Canada two days before Gloria Allred (cont) 
Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad based  
Win a dinner with @MittRomney and me in New York this June 28th. It's selling like hotcakes! 
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode 
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Bad ratings--come on, keep making me money--remember, I own your show.
The Federal government has $2.7T in assets &amp; $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day.
The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad sports calls over the years.
China is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions. 
Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?
My interview on @ASavageNation discussing why @MittRomney will defeat @BarackObama with a strong campaign. 
Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast. -- Think Big
Watch this video for a look at our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos Verdes--
@gastronome2  I love India!
Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast @Jeep production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching!
Admiral McRaven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission 
Check out this photo shoot video of @IvankaTrump's Spring 2012 collection.... 
Q1 GDP has just been revised down to 1.9% 
@YouthPastorDarr @seanhannity @megynkelly @JohnCena Good luck!
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery - Huntsman goes Donald Trump  
@agreatguy  Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you.
It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on @foxnews and @CNBC draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks!
Texas is lucky to have him--- @GovernorPerry is a great guy!
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and, quite honestly, wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. @hardball_chris
Newsweek ending print edition--sad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. TIME to follow?
Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government, which causes the programmatic killing of bald eagles.
My @SquawkCNBC interview from earlier in the week discussing the GOP primary and @newtgingrich's electability 
Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidents--fast trial, death penalty.
Whoever wins today, remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. Our work is not done until America is strong again.
@rginn_1 Toledo is a great place--I've been there &amp; worked in Cincinnati for 2 years--I love Ohio.
@mattmaddix  Good luck.
The final two- @ArsenioOFFICIAL and @ClayAiken- visited yesterday- 
Trump Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. Watch the video for a look- 
The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets, especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us, then we need to return the favor.
... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
@AmauryD3  Thanks!
Now @BarackObama has decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees 
.@carlosbeltran15 is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision.
Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets.  Why can't he release his records?  Especially when $5M is going to charity.
Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington.
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed!
There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare. -- Sun Tzu
@Korkyelmst  You are very nice, thank you.
To all @MittRomney supporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day.
Watch ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala!  
Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base of @CelebApprentice will be getting a much bigger treat!
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes @BarackObama?
84% of US troops wounded &amp; 70% of our brave men &amp; women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there.
Dick Clark was a friend of mine, he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street. Everybody loved him. He will be missed.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the Benghazi cover-up, Hostess' closing &amp; celebrating Thanksgiving with family  
It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone. (cont) 
He has no respect for American exceptionalism. @BarackObama has outsourced our space program to the Russians 
@eheinlen Yes.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the Super Bowl, the real unemployment numbers, Iran and @MittRomney's (cont) 
The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding.
@TylarReese Thanks Tylar
@candicebazuin @BravoAndy @GiulianaRancic  They were both terrific!
Watch me explain on the @Late_Show how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency 
So @BarackObama is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko 
Watch the WH spokesman try to spin @BarackObama's rationale for using exec. priv. on Fast &amp; Furious 
I love show Law and Order but the @MRbelzer casting is the worst ever. No talent--unwatchable!
A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave.
China talks about the so-called carbon footprint and then, behind our leaders backs, they laugh. They could (cont) 
.@hardball_chris says heu2019s u201cgladu201d we had a hurricane! With many people dying and thousands hurting, MSNBC (cont) 
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
Via @Newsmax_Media: Romney Said Nothing Wrong 
When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them. Loyalty is very important.
My @gretawire interview discussing the economy, unemployment numbers, China, Charles Barkley,France and the election  
A smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars, our laws, and our armed forces to get a better deal (cont) 
It's Tuesday. I wonder how much money @HuffPost lost today--great purchase AOL
Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition, coming from Planet Hollywood Resort &amp; Casino in Las Vegas
What controversy? 2 'active' @BarackObama supporters at Bain have confirmed that @MittRomney left in '99 
Congratulations to @IsraeliPM @netanyahu on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel.
Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won.
I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank.
.@BarackObama reported over $269,710 of foreign income out of his gross $894,520 and paid $5,841 in foreign taxes n
Still a buyer's market. Residential home sales fall 7.1% in March. 
@GeorgeZimmerman doesn't look injured to me. Even if he's in a fight, does he have to use a gun--and why shoot (cont) 
Welcome to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists 
I put @DonnyDeutsch on Apprentice at his request, I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement.
Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice...
Over 100M are now receiving some form of welfare 
Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo.
The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about @MittRomney's taxes.
@ArchieMooreBye We have raised millions of dollars for charity.
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing the national housing market, unemployment numbers and the FL (cont) 
It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?
My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better!
Brian, I hope @NBCNightlyNews isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news.
SUN newspaper/Scotland reports that Tourism jump is thanks to Trump. 8,000 visitors in one month from 20 countries,,, 
Losers such as George Will and @Rosie use me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate.
The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.
Donald Trump Tells @theblaze About His Obama Announcement: PASSPORT APPLICATIONS TELL YOU A LOT 
No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win.  They love a weak America that they can rip off.
@crushthespirit  True!
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
Great news--here comes the Tea Party! @MittRomney has received 42k donations online &amp; raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision.
#MidasTouch is divided into five sections. The second is the index finger which represents Focus- 
Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down.
You pick it! #1. Anybody that says anything derogatory about @BarackObama is labeled stupid, insane, or (cont) 
Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
.@ritter1025  Wishing your wife a Happy Birthday
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd -- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you.
.@MannyPacquiao was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights.
@piersmorgan @Lord_Sugar   No, his ignorance!
Don't find fault. Find a remedy.n  n --Henry Ford
The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont) 
@lin0729 Yes, Regis is the best!
I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--&amp; we would have a Republican presidentu2014they wouldnu2019t listen.
.@Lord_Sugar....but you wouldnu2019t notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser.
China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it...and if we do our job corectly, China will gain a whole (cont) 
@mjb7  Thanks!
#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC ,CBS, and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating.
@Earther57  Sounds nice--and thanks. Happy New Year to you and yours.
Thank you to the @nydailynews for a very nice story- 
Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroadn 
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog &amp; will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses.  All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
Scary--Americans private wealth fell 40% from 2007-2010 
A day after @BarackObama released a trillion dollar budget deficit, he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping. America's new reality.
Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential.
US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under @BarackObama. He is bleeding us dry to China.
#CelebrityApprentice @arsenioofficial u201ctrying to be invisibleu201d?  No way thatu2019s going to happen. #sweepstweet
@MittRomney can get people back to work.
@politico has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting.
The Republicans should NOT give @BarackObama the authority to raise the debt another $1.2Trillion (cont) 
.@lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance.
So @ReutersPolitics claims that @MittRomney's birth certificate evokes 'controversy' 
We are the greatest country the world has ever known. I make no apologies for this country, my pride in it, or (cont) 
Must see video--Obama's criticism of @MittRomney is identical to Carter's on Reagan 
Jobless claims rose yet again last week 
@JosephbyNature Good luck Joe!
Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company. European regulators turned the (cont) 
My @CNBCClosingBell interview discussing QE3, the housing market, my stock picks and the 2012 election 
Good--@FLGovScott is suing the Federal Government so he can protect the voter rolls  
President @BarackObama's vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable!
@Morali_Arch Great to meet you also.
Good news - @MittRomney has pulled ahead in Wisconsin  
@MaryEnglish67 @USAToday  Sometimes that's necessary.
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all, even my many enemies (sometimes!).
Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.
I wonder if @BarackObama ever applied to Occidental, Columbia or Harvard as a foreign student. When can we see (cont) 
Too busy playing golf? @BarackObama sends form letters with an electronic  signature to the parents of fallen SEALs   
I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.
China's Financial Institutions are expanding overseas.
ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents.
So @BarackObama's campaign is calling @MittRomney a potential criminal 
Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NYu2014an A--&amp; the food is great also. Trump Grill/ 57th &amp; 5th.
.@VanityFair's terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low, even for them.
.@brandonhardest  Love what you do and work hard.
My @foxandfriends interview re: Muslim Brotherhood taking over Egypt, our vast natural gas resources &amp; US tax system  
British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted &amp; environment destroying Scottish windmills.
Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss. Well done. @MittRomney
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant.  They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!
.@MissUSA Olivia Culpo has been a star, a young Audrey Hepburn.
Glad that @MittRomney is hitting @BarackObama on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
The debates are going to have a big impact on the election. @MittRomney has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure.
Photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open- 
U.S. jobless claims are at a 2 month high.
Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.
Be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #CelebApprentice this Sunday on @nbc at 9PM EST! This Sunday's (cont) 
I am very excited about hosting @MittRomney today for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeing @newtgingrich and many other friends.
Sometimes there is justice. A Chinese military newspaper was hacked. 
.@antbaxter  Anthonyu2014did you illegally take clips from the Letterman @Late_Show show and @GolfChannel without their approval?
Disaster! The @BarackObama tax hikes set for 2013 are going to throw us back into a recession according to the CBO 
Sheu2019s baaack! @Rosie needs me to salvage her dying career. But it wonu2019t help-- sheu2019s got no talent &amp; no persona. Too many tv cancellations!
Why does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription? 
We don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators, but they are. Presidents are our (cont) 
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther. -- J.P. Morgan
Our major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast.
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected.
Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism....
Letterman @Late_Show was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity.
@derekwilkinson @daniellecfriel Thanks Derek- and true!
US job cuts jumped 53% in May from Apriln
Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the @mets who is now their all-time hitting leader.
Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think.
u201cTrump could be great friend if u2018Second Amendmentu2019 enthusiasm is realu201d 
The House Republicans and Democrats are finally unanimous! Yesterday they voted down @BarackObama's $3.6T budget (cont) 
He @BarackObama claims he does not want higher gas prices. That's not what he said in 2008:  
#sweepstweet @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from?
Congratulations to @TheSlyStallone and Arnold @Schwarzenegger on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong!
Looking at the figures and plans behind @Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid @AOL (cont) 
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection.  They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
If you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough.
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
@stu120 No, sadly, not even close!
The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow. 
Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower..... 
Why did @MittRomney give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records &amp; applications in return?
...Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great.
Pervert alert.  @RepWeiner is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18, block him immediately.
For those who missed my chat with @hannityshow on radio, here it is on TV. Sean is terrific.
Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's @yankees game and did so well.
Once again, @Cher tweets nonsense about @MittRomney. She needs to stop tweeting &amp; start worrying about some of her many problems.
Watch me on @Hannityshow tonight at 9PM ET on @FoxNews.
Glad to hear @SethMacFarlane will be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun.
My interview with Michael Patrick Shiels on WJIM in Lansing on behalf of @MittRomney 
Sad.@BarackObama has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with China.
This Sunday's @CelebApprentice will shock you! Big Development...Be sure to tune in on @NBC this Sunday at 9PM EST!
Trump Towers, Istanbul, Sisli will be one of the countryu2019s top landmarks  
@Relmark Thanks Mark
@atrlimo @EricTrump  Agreed.
It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent.
My @SquawkCNBC #TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing the upcoming debates, the real state of unemployment &amp; bias media 
Priorities: @BarackObama wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont) 
.@Toure I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on @PiersMorgan. He drove you insane but, of course, Piers is a lot smarter than you
u201cCourage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.u201d u2013 Rev. @BillyGraham
Okay, I think Iu2019m going to do itu2014Iu2019ll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on @NBC
.@WendyWilliams Thanks for the nice statement, especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Looking forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #GOP
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.
Be sure to watch my interview on @Gretawire tonight!
@BrainyRedhead @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins Thanks--it will be great.
Rev.@BillyGraham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on @MittRomney.
2011 #CelebrityApprentice winner @JohnRich and @MarleeMatlin interviewed the final four in this week's episode- 
Rush is right. @limbaugh and I have both created more jobs than @BarackObama...in fact, far more jobs!
@its_nicca @GiulianaRancic @MissUniverse  She was great!
Congratulations to @BarackObama for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of @SaakashviliM. A great American ally.
.@serenawilliams is a special player. After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics, it looks like she will (cont) 
Washington is in total gridlocku2014no trust, no leadershipu2014very interesting!
Congratulations to the @NYRangers on bringing the series home last night.
Voting for @GovGaryJohnson is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote!
@ScottSaia23 Thanks Scott. I appreciate your nice words.
Video game violence &amp; glorification must be stoppedu2014it is creating monsters!
@NathalieS_29  Thank you
There are 11 more Solyndras in the @BarackObama energy program 
WRONG: A China court ordered @apple to pay $60M to a Chinese company that registered iPad before @apple 
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
@BarackObamau2019s SOTU claim that u201ccompanies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseasu201d is 100% false 
Congrats to @KarlRove on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race @CrossroadsGPS ran ads in, the Republicans lost. What a waste of money.
@NathalieS_29  This will be the best season yet..March 3rd is the premiere.
Amazing, various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about... 
For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed.
@CalumSpence Greatly appreciated, thanks.
Have we ever had a POTUS before @BarackObama who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country?
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
The dealmaker is cunning, secretive, focused and never settles for less than he wants. --The America We Deserve
We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart (cont) 
Watch @MissUSA Olivia Culpo crowned  as @MissUniverse 2012 in the Trump #MissUniverse Pageant 
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...
Under @BarackObama, 5 major banks now control 56% of economy from 43% in 2007 
Congratulations to John Roberts for making Americans hate the Supreme Court because of his BS  
Castro, Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results.  They are praying Obama wins.
Of course @hardball_chris attacked 'birthers' in praising @CondoleezzaRice's speech. Chris has completely lost it.
All because of me- people donu2019t care about you Cher. @cher My week on twitter 1k retweets , 29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions.
I guess they have Lance Armstrong cold. Brutal report. A waste of taxpayer money to take down an American hero.
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
Now is the time for the @GOP to be united with the mission of electing @MittRomney this November. Stop with the public divisions.
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.
With 15% US real unemployment and a 16T debt, @Michelle Obama's luxurious Aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over $1M 
Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra 
My shirts, ties and fragrance are doing great at @Macys--try them! Make fantastic gifts.
... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season!
Obama was very disloyal to Wisconsin Democrats. @BarackObama never showed up to help them even though he (cont) 
The fact is, right now and for the foreseeable future, the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get (cont) 
Visiting LA?  Be sure to make a reservation at Trump National Golf Club 
Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia--what are we doing?!
U.S. tuitions are completely out of control. In the last 4 years, the average price has gone up by 15%. 
The fastest way we can start saving Social Security is to get Americans back to work. #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
VOTE 4 @mariamenounos &amp; derekhough#01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (&amp; a good person). 1-800-868-3401
.@EdRendell's book, A Nation of Wusses is an excellent read--especially page 10. Go get it!
@bonniebell   Every citizen has the right to do political analysis--and should--as well as to endorse (cont) 
In the spirit of transparency, Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi.
Iu2019m not sure about @teresa_giudice as Project Manager. @lisalampanelli can be formidable. But letu2019s see what happens #sweepstweet
Even NY Democrats are avoiding @BarackObama's convention  
It's Monday, how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy?
Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late.
Price of corn has jumped over 50%. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy.
I always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. The storm could be very good for him as he (cont) 
Make sure to vote today.  Vote for real change.  Change that will deliver jobs and a free &amp; strong America.  Vote for @MittRomney.
Not only giving out money, but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.
It does not cost anything to dream.  Spend your time enjoying your big dreams. -- Think Big
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. --Albert Einstein
When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you've got plenty to watch. --Anonymous
Had a great time with @MittRomney last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised.
No surprise that @BBC is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism.  Any network that airu2019s @antbaxteru2019s garbage has zero credibility.
How does a dummy like @billmaher get a television show--&amp; his ratings stink. You'd think @HBO could do a lot better.
A great article about how ObamaCare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market 
I wonder if @BarackObama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent.
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!
.@DineshDSouza had to give $1,000 to @BarackObama's brother for his child's hospital bill  
@Cher should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office. I (cont) 
@jimrobbins1973 @VanityFair  I don't. Graydon Carter sends it to me free!
Palm Springs, CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad!
Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series.
My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008, American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record.
The EPA official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned 
Q/A @stalkinpeople  Yes, I'd give the real numbers.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. #TheArtofTheDeal
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln
#SweepsTweet @clayaiken might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for @arsenioofficial.
Thousands of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday. I love standing ovations! 
Speaker @johnboehner seems to have gained strength in houseu2014a good thing!
Pres. O -- a bump in the road in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya
.@davidaxelrod  David--Thank you, my great honor for a very worthy cause!
My @fox8news interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend Dick Clark. 
By raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs, @BarackObama continues to weaken our (cont) 
ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. @BarackObama
Nice interview in the @The Atlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award 
Wow! Letterman show @Late_Show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT
Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available @Macys? Top selling brand nationwide.Ties, shirts, fragrance-great gifts.
Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope!
Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) 
The addition of the iconic Doral Resort to the Trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions 
Remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.  Be sure to tune in.
Just left the best golf course in the State of California- @trumpgolfla. When in the LA area, check it out even (cont) 
Obamau2019s own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of Obama Care 
He @RickSantorum is now losing in the latest @ppppolls to @MittRomney in Pennsylvania 
Brian, if I'm well past the last exit to relevance how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? @NBCNightlyNews
Beautiful @MissUSA in @NewYorkPost tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's.
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon, @lancearmstrong, for events that took place years ago in France?
.@oreillyfactor called me a master marketeer last night--I am not. I am a great builder--I build great things &amp; people come.
Why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the Government?
There are only 22 days for @BarackObama to drop @JoeBiden. Obama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it.
As an honorary Buckeye I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting @MittRomney over the top. It was a crucial win.
@MissUSA  Olivia--we love you. You are doing a great job.
Strong leader: @IsraeliPM Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont) 
According to @BarackObama the War on Terror is over  
In 1999 @BarackObama said that he didn't support Welfare Reform 
New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3%
I am confident when American public gets to know @MittRomney, the race will go his way. He's honorable &amp; successful man--polls looking good.
RT @ReutersPolitics: Trump to give $5 million to charity if Obama releases records 
@Danusia234 @SaintsFootyNews  Happy Birthday Andrew
At the National Achievers Congress in London this October, I'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure  
Iranian Pastor #Nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the Mullahs because he is a Christian (cont) 
There is no better place in the world to spend Christmas than Mar-a-Lago 
Dopey Sugaru2014@Lord_Sugar  Isnu2019t it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got u201cbest new course in the worldu201du2014itu2019s worth more than you are!
I think @TheRevAl should take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. RT: @RonKaufmanIntrn: Kaufstache vs. Sharpstache.
A bite from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing Rev. Wright's Ed Klein interview and the 2012 campaign 
Nasty  tactics being used by @BarackObama campaign against @MittRomney. Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not!
.@BarackObama's college application would be very very very very interesting!
...One point I made sure to stress at @LibertyU is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you...
He @BarackObama should not be trying to intimidate the USC justices on ObamaCare. He is worried because SG (cont) 
@Ajb073  Thank you.
@BarackObama is unveiling a tourism plan in Disney World on Thursday. 
Many political pundits are using the term Art of the Deal.... they should thank me. That is my term and book title.
Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value.
#trumpvlog My thoughts on @RickSantorum in today's video blog... 
Stupid Arianna @huffingtonpost hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section...
The best vision is insight. --Malcolm Forbes
Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy  during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil!
@sAygO_P  I am very truthful!
u201cDeals are my art form.  I like making deals, preferably big deals.u201d u2013 The Art of The Deal
#SuccessByTrump, exclusively available @Macy's, has set sale records for fastest selling cologne. Makes a great gift 
Itu2019s clear to me that @teresa_giudice needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet
Heu2019s back and causing more trouble than ever before! @THEGaryBusey returns in the record 13th season of u2018All Staru2019 @CelebApprentice.
I believe in the America that never gives up, never stops striving, never ceases believing in itself. -- @MittRomney, 11.2.12
In the heart of the city, Trump International Toronto is the city's most elite property 
Many countries are cutting back, big time, on ugly, industrial wind turbines. The energy is very inefficient & (cont) 
Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) 
The polling numbers show a close race. @MittRomney needs all of our support.
@LianneOnLife I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity.
Rev. Graham made a critical point. @BarackObama has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont) 
Take a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue.... 
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
Great article in the @guardian -- Donald Trump opens u00a3100m golf course 
North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte.
@trondbertil Thank you.
I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.n--Harry S. Truman
My @foxandfriends interview where I discuss @Rosie being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV  
What America needs: @MittRomney follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut.
In all my years in business and participating in politics I've never seen the country as divided as it is right (cont) 
He @BarackObama is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. He is 100% responsible for Solyndra. 
u201cWe are fully supportive of @Israel's right to defend itself.u201d -- @BarackObaman--Very good, I like it.
Are you ready for the All Star @CelebApprentice?  @TraceAdkins is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!
.@antbaxter Only the stupid @BBC would air your garbageu2014no wonder they are in such deep trouble.
Nice mention by Brian Kelly n
I look forward to playing golf with President @BarackObama someday.
The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed. @TIME
.@MittRomney--if Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records &amp; transcripts--he will quiet down quickly.
The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more.
July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.
@Lydia_xoxo @UberFacts I never went bankrupt.
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
@BarackObamau2019s SOTU ratings were down 12% from 2011 
Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. They make hunters look like nice people!
Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect @MittRomney in November.
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
@MrsAliciaParks  Thanks!
The greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.
In war there is no substitute for victory. -- Douglas MacArthur
u2026you can enhance location through promotion and work.
Sugar: @Lord_Sugaru2014unlike you, I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough...
Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ &amp; Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY &amp; NJ are still decimated by Sandy.  Wrong!
Today will be a Super Tuesday for @MittRomney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  The wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp; majesty of Scotland...
u201cAs someone once put it, u2018Marriage is the greatest u2018anti-povertyu2019 program God ever created.u2019u201d #TimeToGetTough
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut.
To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there.
Now that the election is over, watch Chrysler ship @Jeep production to China--my prediction.
The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. Just one problem: it doesn't work  #TimeToGetTough
Don't miss me on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards. --Vernon Sanders Law
I'll be on @gretawire tonight on @foxnews at 10 pm.
We need a president who knows how to get things done, who can keep America strong, safe, and free, and who can (cont) 
@mchandlerjones I will!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing my friend Whitney Houston, @SarahPalinUSA's CPAC speech,the economy and primary 
Interesting.@BarackObama's 1981 transfer class to Columbia declined in quality according to the Columbia Spectator 
Great poll numbers for @MittRomney just out--he is leading substantially in swing states.
Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift' 
The US Navy wants to go green. Our Navy should use the best &amp; most powerful fuel &amp; not play games. Give me a break!
The YouTube of the 2012 Miss USA contestants, @GiulianaRancic and me singing Call Me Maybe  
The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them allu2014by far!
Gallup poll proves that @BarackObama's regulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring 
Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well, but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others. -- The Way To The Top
In some ways it is sad. We all wanted @BarackObama to succeed. It's not worked out that way.
More than anything else, I think deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes. #TheArtofTheDeal
.@katyperry is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy (just watch!).
The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments.
A test: tweet me the reason @billmaher was fired from @ABC (other than his bad ratings).
Newly released NH poll has @MittRomney with a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week.
The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue.
What message does it send when @BarackObama's campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?
In 2008 @BarackObama warned that electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket during his term. Mission Accomplished! 
How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S.
Do you believe @algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane?
Failure--for all of @BarackObama's talk of engaging the world, U.S. favorability has dropped around the world 
@RingSherry @EricTrump @IvankaTrump  Thank you.
Negotiation tip #2:  I always go into the deal anticipating the worst...
As I anticipated, Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc. The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed.
@BarackObama keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. Of course his policies have nothing to do (cont) 
China is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs, yet our leaders are claiming 'progress' 
Remember the huge amount of money raised by @JohnRich and companyu2026 #sweepstweet
I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records.
I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour @voguemagazine an ambassadorship.  She is a winner &amp; really smart!
@MandiDeren  I will!
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired.
@BarackObamau2019s Russian Ambassador stated that he supports u2018universal valuesu2019 not u2018American valuesu2019 (cont) 
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can.  Can get a great deal.
If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read The Art of the Comeback.
Today is a big day for us and for Toronto: Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto opens today. (cont) 
You can benefit from othersu2019 wisdom. Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer.u201d -- The Way To The Top
This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th on @nbc and @Univision.
Something really bad happened to the @Yankees psyche--much like our President!
Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job.
Itu2019s often necessary to boast, but itu2019s even better if others do it for you.u201d u2013 Think Like A Billionaire
Last night in his SOTU, @BarackObama claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.
How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours?
...a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered.
Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son, Jay. He really loved and respected his father.
Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Ladenu2019s killing, not the President.
Good Morning America is thrilled @Rosie is working for the @todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for @GMA
RT @MittRomney: For nearly 4 years, Barack Obama has refused to crack down on China's cheating &amp; American workers have paid the price.
@KarlLewis01 Soon--thanks.
...@Lord_Sugar  You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt.
@murekar Thanks, and we will keep you posted.
Must read column for all young people: Obama's war on young voters who elected him  
@chidrole   Hi John
We must never bend too much. -- Yitzhak Shamir (1915-2012) 
....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause.
How ironic that @BarackObama's campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record?
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 a.m.  Always a great time.
The real war on women. Under @BarackObama 766,000 more women are unemployed from when he took office 
I believe @BarackObama is manipulating the jobless numbers 
If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid. Thanks Walter D!
While @BarackObama spends recklessly on domestic projects, he is hollowing out our military with over $487B in cuts 
Interestingly, the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding.
.@nbcnightlynews (Brian Williams, anyone?) says women warriors are every bit as tough as the guys. Just think about that statement!
Gas is $6 already in California. Don' worry - @BarackObama's Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont) 
Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards @BarackObama.
HALF of Americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt...n
We just passed 1.9M followers &amp; gained over 250,000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business.
An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous. --Henry Ford
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the 9/11 Trials at Gitmo, @MittRomney, the job numbers and @CelebApprentice 
Delusional--@BarackObama claims that his economic plan worked  
@womenzbinder Check the records, dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama!
@shanedent  Agreed.
You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't.
My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency. 
@riggs_deb  Thank you.
Be sure to visit the world renowned Trump Tower Atrium to see our holiday decorations.n
@Ileschinder @willsommer Not a bad idea.( I'm in a magnanimous mood.)
One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the @GOP can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.
.@ErraticSLK  Shout out = work hard!
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
Well this is it, the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell!
Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.
@CRLindke True!
The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling.  They can get everything they want.  Focus!
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once, so it's a formidable combination.
@Corene7  Thank you!
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing my endorsement of @MittRomney and how I came to my decision  
In August, 2012, Obama said the so called Arab Spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom'  
The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing, story is dead and then put it out anyway. A total lie and she knew it!
Don't believe @BarackObama's whining--Pro-Romney SuperPAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama SuperPAC 
@JMinello  Very nice, thanks.
Trump Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it!
.@ABFAlecBaldwin  They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity.
Afghani soldiers--those on our side--killed 7 Marines last month. 
I like thinking big. I always have. To me it's very simple: if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as (cont) 
With respect to Iran, we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont) 
What a series the @nyrangers @NHLDevils is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.
I want to see @BarackObama's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
.@Lord_Sugar  If you didnu2019t say the iPod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
Glad to hear @GovChristie will be delivering the Keynote for the @RNC convention. He will deliver a strong message.
Leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. --Dwight D. Eisenhower
@MjTis  Yes!
Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing.u00a0
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. -- Warren G. Bennis
The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?!
Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela!
My @IngrahamAngle interview discussing @JebBush's comments, a united 2012 GOP, #CelebApprentice &amp; Trump#Miss Universe 
Are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? Pick up a #Trump suit @Macys 
I hope @MittRomney now starts asking for any &amp; all of @BarackObama's sealed records--it's time.
The @BarackObama campaign took in n$39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar!
@carloguderian I built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't!
My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools.
@Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy. My advice? Get a pre-nup! 
There are now 119,000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible.
All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas. Todayu2019s welcoming ceremony will be terrific!
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time, in particular its very ugly skin.
Congratulations to @RealSheriffJoe on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims @BarackObama's 'birth certificate' is fake
The USC should be ruling any day now on @ObamaCare. Hopefully we will get the right result.
The @MittRomney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
@jtracy08  Thanks Joe.
I am very proud of Ivanka!
To be successful, never give up. My secrets to success will be shared at the National Achievers Congress in London. 
China and Saudi Arabia recently struck a deal which is the largest expansion by any oil company in the world (cont) 
@susanvhinds  A happy and healthy family.
Oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win. @Oprah
.@RogerJStoneJr was great on @TheKudlowReport last night. Roger and Larry are good friends!
Great decision by Donald Graham @Newsweek to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.
Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and @BarackObama won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
@jaimeennis @examinercom  Thanks Jaime, Happy Holidays
If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff, then they must be accompanied by tangible, hard cuts on spending everywhere.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina.  There is no excuse why people donu2019t have electricity or fuel yet.
Friends of mine who are driving Cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job @Cadillac has done.
Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility, economic security, and the expansion of the middle class. - @MittRomney
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump...
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still. -- Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt
@ptlyons Thank you. Wishing you and yours a Happy New Year too.
Dopey Sugar.@Lord_Sugar  ...Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice.  Keep making me money.
The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines &amp; @AlexSalmond. Congrats to Jim Crawford &amp; Countryside Party.
@HangersMensLine  My agenda is such that I can't meet with you, but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best.
Obamau2019s policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production 
I'm not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals. I strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters, but (cont) 
Remember, new environment friendly  lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care.
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election, we decide whether we become great again.
A great ad from @MittRomney showing A Few of the 23 Million unemployed who need economic change 
Thanks to @TheRealMarilu, a great woman, for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant.
u201cFace reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.u201d -- @jack_welch
@toddulu  Fun!
WaPo attack on alleged high school incidents by @MittRomney is a hit job to me. Where are @BarackObama's high school and college records?
I knew last year that @TIME Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100...
Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.!
Today is my birthday. My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
If Obama was smart, he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't.
Save Medicare.  Vote for @MittRomney.  He will repeal Obamacare on day one.
It's @BarackObama--who wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds China for cutting their taxes! (cont) 
Thank you to @DailyTelegraph reviewer @NeilMidgley who stated 'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters...
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. - Dalai Lama
Watch--yesterday Obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the Benghazi consulate attack. 
Like Al Sharpton, @DonnyDeutsch apologized to me for calling me a racist on @todayshow--apology accepted!
George Will was critical of @MittRomney throughout the primary. Maybe it is because his wife was turned down for (cont) 
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success. --Jack Welch
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
When someone attacks me, I always attack back...except 100x more. This has nothing to do with a tirade but rather, a way of life!
There can never be a sharp economic recovery until @BarackObama is out of the White House.
Scenes from last night's episode of @OCChoppers where @DonaldJTrumpJr and I visit the OCC HQ 
.@MacMiller's 'Donald Trump' song is at 64.5M views on YouTube 
70% of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago 
Sarah Jessica Parker voted u201cunsexiest woman aliveu201d u2013 I agree. She said u201citu2019s beneath me to comment on the... 
Hope &amp; Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama 
The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the showu2014 I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America.
Rapper @MacMiller's song, Donald Trump, now has 57 million hits--- I created another star--- where's my cut?
The @Lakers should have an amazing team next year with Kobe, Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch.
@AmishFlyers66 Try Trump Grill in Trump Tower. Excellent food, good prices. Enjoy your visit.
Youu2019re hired! The @CENTURY21 ad is airing during the #SuperBowl and you need to get voting! Vote for me & @CENTURY21: 
@BarackObama hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the WH East Room while our country burns. 
@MittRomney has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against @BarackObama. I am confident he can defeat @BarackObama.
Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) 
I was on @SquawkBox this morning  
Via @BBCNews, Trump begins renewables mission in Scotland 
Despite the upcoming election, the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad!
Golf bookings for next season on Scottish course are already double our projections for April openingu2014great news... 
Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past.
... By releasing his records, he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity.
Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection. @BarackObama has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities.
Under @BarackObama, 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps.
Thank you to @piersmorgan for your nice statement about me in the @HollywoodReporter  
Don't forget the three hour episode of Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 8pm-11pm on NBC. You're in for a (cont) 
The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out!
Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows.u00a0
Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you, United States, for making this possible!
Via @DC_Decoder: Donald Trump to 'surprise' GOP convention. What might he do? 
See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist?
Now that itu2019s almost over, I canu2019t believe that unions &amp; management couldnu2019t save Twinkies etc--&amp; management just got a n$1.75M  bonus.
I am very surprised that @lancearmstrong gave up. I never thought he was a quitter...
No wonder Afghanistan is a mess! @BarackObama is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. 
@bats67 As a parent, education has a high priority, it is very important. I went to one of the best schools and (cont) 
@natrat86  Don't be scared--we will come back.
More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad country--what have we come to?
Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election' 
Letu2019s be honest, if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm, then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
Sad--just 16% of American parents think their children will be better off than them 
Dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that I said, u201cchildren should not get vaccinated.u201d I believe fully (cont) 
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but (cont) 
A bad manager such as @BarackObama will continually be plagued by scandals.  
The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have. Leverage is (cont) 
More of my #TRUMPTUESDAY @SquawkCNBC interview discussing how the US gets killed negotiating with other countries 
Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- 
That's what I find so morally offensive about welfare dependency: it robs people of the chance to improve. Work (cont) 
Argyll grandmother takes UK and EU to the United Nations over plans to turn Scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog'   
First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight #103 on compassionate grounds. Do you believe?
All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt, more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad!
I never fall for scams.  I am the only person who immediately walked out of my u2018Ali Gu2019 interview
Congratulations to @BarackObama--he is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
Is this Hope &amp; Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better.
u201cMiss Universe Ratings -- 6.1 Million Viewers Best Since 2008u201dn
I just left the Doral in Miami--it is going to be amazing!n
Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate.
How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12, the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi?
DESPERATE- @BarackObama is already asking supporters to 'find dirt' on @MittRomney's VP picks 
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program. -- Milton Friedman
@Joey_MoneyRacks  Thanks Joey!
.@unicef Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce...
Thanks to @BarackObama rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline, China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!
Great sign:We built this business without government help. Obama can kiss our a--! 
China is getting minerals from Afghanistan 
Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster. And (cont) 
Outrageous- @BarackObama has spent over $2.7B on implementing @ObamaCare since the oral arguments at SCOTUS  
@C_waitforit_J @UberFacts I never went bankrupt.
.@MissTeenUSA visited today- 
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls. @MittRomney won't let them cheat us anymore.
Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly, it is over for Michele.
Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic &amp; U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes.
Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job reports 
Now @BarackObama is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November   
Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family &amp; the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul @FollowTurkey Annual Gala Dinner
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. n--Vidal Sassoon
Members from Obama's own job council are endorsing @MittRomney 
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing @MittRomney's pick of @PaulRyanVP, how to frame Medicare debate &amp; @RNC convention 
Pathetic! Since @GovWalker is going to win the recall, @BarackObama is trying to disown the endorsement of Tom Barrett 
The deficits under @BarackObama are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners. -- Robert T. Kiyosakin@theRealKiyosaki
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent.
Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going, Missy!
Why does @BarackObama have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.
My @gretawire interview where I discuss the #ObamaCare USC argument, gas prices & @IvankaTrump's new clothing line 
Hereu2019s a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #Success @Macys Herald Square 
Commodity prices are beginning  nto drop as a result of the Euro crisis n
President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American peoplen--Clint Eastwood
If @BarackObama really loved this country, he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare.
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
The 'brunt' of ObamaCare will be shouldered by folks making under $120K  
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
Watch Obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer. No one approves (cont) 
Interesting that Roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when (cont) 
My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also (cont) 
We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. #TimeToGetTough  (cont) 
On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.
.@danabrams Dan, of course stories on me do well.  Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on.  TV was not your forte.
He @MittRomney would do a great job on Saturday Night Live. @nbcsnl
u201cAll our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.u201d u2013 Walt Disney
Did @BarackObama try to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K?  
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to.  The onus is on Obama to first release his records.
Don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt. u2013 Think Like A Billionaire
Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago.
Happy to hear that @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom chapters are at the @RNC convention supporting @MittRomney. We must be united to win!
...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice. The 'All Stars' are hard at work...
Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering. @RickSantorum has a beautiful family.
Donald Trump Announcement: $5 Million for Obama College Records 
Itu2019s more important to be smart than tough. I know businessmen who are brutally tough, but theyu2019re not smart.u201d u2013 Think Like A Billionaire
For the truth about job creation in America go to 
@utxgent  Thanks
He admits his presidency has been flawed...but @BarackObama claims economy is stronger. 
@Nicholas_Lipton  March 3rd.
Another great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders. They are American heroes.
See you tonight in North Carolina. Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun.
Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Emanuel Cleaver is right. @BarackObama's budget is a nervous breakdown on paper.
@MaureenPeronne @Late_Show  Thanks, it was a great show..
Remember when you vote, Obamacare is a disaster!
The Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip 
The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid!
Beyond eliminating the wasteful spending, we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of (cont) 
No matter what happens in the election, @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it, even with his terrible record.
While @BarackObama is obsessed with 'green collar jobs,' blue collar workers aren't buying it. (cont) 
I'm a skeptical guy, but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings.
Very good speech by @MichelleObama--and under great pressure--Dems should be proud!
Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?
Celebrity Apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning 
Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing!
Brooklyn Nets have the worst uniform ever- Boring- won't matter if they win(Winning solves all problems- (cont) 
Associated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about Liberty University speech. Shameful reporting...no credibility.
@lovechild419  Thanks Lisa
Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
@MittRomney to @RickSantorum in #CNNDebate: In 2008 You Called Me Really Conservative 
If the @yankees can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6&amp; 7 so they will win!
Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy.
Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.nPhoto: Lloyd Bishop/NBC 
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview with Ken Langone &amp; Dick Grasso discussing the Chicago teachers' strike @ 2012  
@dxerebl  They must actually like me!
Read about my @LibertyU speech in @jameshohmann's @politico Morning Score  
@toddulu @Nationals I hope that's the reason--otherwise, just plain stupid.
Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the @MLB All-Star Game.
So Obama used to tell classmates that he was Kenyan royalty and an Indonesian prince 
Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation. 
A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
@AllEECaTT21  Thanks Allison!
...instead of biting the hand that feeds you! Donu2019t bother, just keep making me money!
What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy. --@PaulRyanVP
China court: Apple pays $60M to settle iPad case. China is getting away with murder. 
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.
Why gas prices will cost @BarackObama re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama 
I am impressed with the scam @BarackObama pulled, but the truth will come out.
People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't. #TimeToGetTough
No surprise, welfare spending is up over 30% under Obama. 
I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota, FL, when I receive the Statesman of the Year award.
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.
@hkshel  Thanks Keith!
We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke.
#SuccessByTrump Hereu2019s a photo from my appearance at @Macy's Herald Square with @ximenanr 
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in!
Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy. @NYGiants great teamwork!
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. -- Douglas MacArthur
@bongsi21 @BillGates @itsmeMVP  Work hard!
When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden, is there anyone with a brain that would not have said Ok, go get him?
When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some ally.
I am tired of @BarackObama talking about @MittRomney's father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the close election, the enthusiasm gap between Mitt &amp; Obama &amp; the fiscal cliff 
Crude is about to pass $90/barrel.  The OPEC monopoly must be broken.  They are robbing our country blind.
Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on @AccessHollywood tonight.
.@cyndilauper Condolences on the passing of your uncle, and best wishes.
@IanBQueen  In answer to your question, my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family.
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about @Rosie. Besides, I get great ratings on The View.
Millions without electricity across NY &amp; NJ. The media has covered for Obamau2019s massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?
Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. #TimeToGetTough
Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney!
Tonight, despite everything, put A-Rod in the lineup.u00a0
America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. Let me put this as plainly as I know (cont) 
My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling.
.@FinancialTimes writes that @BarackObama should pray that China overtakes US  
Just as I predicted, @BarackObama is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November. 
Congratulations to @FLGovScott on getting an A grade from @CatoInstitute on his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor.
@DLEagency @MichaelPhelps  True!
Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing!
Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined? 
Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire @hardball_chris for his  comments on Sandy &amp; the death &amp; destruction it caused.
#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from @johnrich and @marleematlin adds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet
u201cI also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.u201d u2013 THE ART OF THE DEAL
.@MacMilleru2019s u201cDonald Trumpu201d 
China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection.  They have never had it so good.  Will own America soon.
.@lancearmstrong, revise your decision to quit--go back and fight.
@RowRee It will be fantastic!
7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays' 
Many, many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk @BarackObama benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote.
With our amazing All Star cast, @Joan_Rivers, @johnrich, @ArsenioOFFICIAL &amp; @piersmorgan are also returning as boardroom advisors.
I've got news for President @BarackObama: America is not what's wrong with the world. I don't believe we need (cont) 
Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job.
With Barry Diller &amp; Tina Brown in charge, did anyone doubt that @Newsweek would be a massive failure?
Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say let's get ready to rumble!
The upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice has @lisarinna returning to compete.  She doesnu2019t disappoint!
It's Tuesday--how much inflation has @BarackObama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas?
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time.  Midas Touch
Former Navy SEAL Questions @BarackObama's birthplacen
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. -- Sun Tzu
Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th. 
@Arnoldmuks  Thanks.
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that @BarackObama is the main target. He must not be reelected.
I look forward to @MittRomney hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.
Perhaps @BarackObama's biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.
@HighTide1989 Amazing is good too.
THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. @BarackObama's friends are enemies of the US and @Israel. The Islamist winter is here.
Trump offers $5 million for Obama college, passport records 
.@rupertmurdoch is absolutely right, it will be a nightmare for @Israel if Obama is re-elected.
I am astonished that the media continues to lie. @BarackObama gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice.  Everyone wins.  Take the deal.
More lies and deceptions--@BarackObama is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection 
Congratulations to @bobmcdonnell on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor.
Today @BarackObama is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country?
He @BarackObama received an early endorsement from the Soviet newspaper Pravda over @MittRomney (cont) 
Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and @MittRomney will win it!
I still love Derek, he is a winner!
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1%, down to 2% in 2011 &amp; now 1.5%. I guess @BarackObama's plan is not working!
President Obama's literary agent (in 1991) promoted a book about the first African-American president of the (cont) 
@phillykayman The Art of the Deal is a good start.
When we're talking about math that doesn't add up, how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years. --@MittRomney
Convenient - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining @whitehouse 
@amanda_berens  True!
Hope and Change? Job numbers down. Time for @MittRomney
Tonightu2019s #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET @NBC. It will be amazing.
#TRUMP International Reality will be Americau2019s premiere real estate brokerage house 
Every economic climate, whether an uptick or downturn, presents new opportunities and challenges.
Michele Bachmann got less than 1,200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman!
@rcthompson01 @cher   I agree
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.  -- Dale Carnegie
What a 'nice guy' - 97% of @BarackObama's campaign ads have been negative attacks on @MittRomney n
The election is trending towards @MittRomney. Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
Going over to @TodayShow now to introduce @ApprenticeNBC cast etc.-- watch.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the @GOP convention, @BarackObama's sealed records &amp; @SenatorReid's tax claimn
@martinwatt382 True!
Donald Trump: Anna Wintour Ambassadorship Would Be u2018A Favor To The Countryu2019 
The NYPost reports @VanityFair Magazine dropped 18% to only 283,938 newsstand copies sold. Very sad &amp; their bloggers are doing even worse!
He should be ignored: @RonPaul's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat @BarackObama.
A reader just sent me the following: nnI wanted to share with you something rather startling. On page 103 of (cont) 
Biden @VP Spends $1 Million Annually for Weekend Trips 
Via @theblaze: Falwell on Trump: He 'was willing to say publicly' what conservatives said 'privately'  
The American work ethic is what led generations of Americans to create our once prosperous nation. (cont) 
Selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. Unselfishness begets happiness.  -- B.C. Forbes
You have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now, press release to follow at 12:15. 
The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers.
@Abspara @pennjillette @CelebApprentice  March 3rd. Tune in!
I'll be on@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday
@MittRomney will turn this mess around!
By @BarackObama's design, the middle class will be hit with record taxes under ObamaCare through inflation  n
Great article by @WayneRoot @theblaze -- Obama's College Classmate: 'The Obama Scandal Is at Columbia' 
Hey @KimKardashian--I hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for @MittRomney.
Because of the hurricane, I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday.
I have fun, I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October in London 
u201cHe who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious.u201d -- Sun Tzu
If you don't have passion, everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or, at best, be mediocre. Is that how (cont) 
Great win last night by Peyton Manning &amp; @Denver_Broncos in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive.
If the GOP will have any chance to beat @BarackObama in November, the great people of Michigan need to support @MittRomney's candidacy.
For those asking, my son, @EricTrump,   makes zero $$ running his charity &amp; raises a great deal of  $$, all of it for @StJude @EricTrumpFdn
I wonder why @BarackObama is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment?
Obama weak on immigration. All words, no action. He's been Prez 4 years.
@The_Joey  That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch.
Via @CraveOnline: Donald Trump is NOT A-Rod fan 
If you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world, I highly recommend that you read The Art of (cont) 
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM, don't miss it.
@Lorrainejuliet @EDLTrobinson @FloridaJayhawk @hannityshow  Must be careful &amp; smart!
.@antbaxter I tried watching but fell asleep.
With today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this November. @MittRomney can turn the economy around.
John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- @BarackObama indeed needs to learn how to be an American.
It's Wednesday, how much money is China stealing from us today?
As stated, here is the press release. 
Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on @nbc &amp; @Telemundo december 19th. Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson.
Unsustainable- @BarackObama has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24% during his term 
Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3.  Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouch
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.  Some good words from Albert Einstein. It pays to be tenacious.
The real unemployment rate according to the CBO is 15% 
#CelebApprentice contestants @DeeSnider and @DebbieGibson joined me for interviews today- 
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others. -Jack Welch
@yewkalaylee  Great idea.
China is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports 
It's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science.
I bet the dumbest political commentator on television, @Lawrence, will soon be thrown off the air for poor (cont) 
I see @FLGovScott poll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job.
.@BarackObama is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt, putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016.
Why should he? He's only the POTUS--and @BarackObama has no opinion on whether the Senate should pass a budget. n
@jtatsuno  It's real.
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing QE3, @MittRomney's leaked comments, Middle East &amp; US oil capability 
Great speech on China by @PaulRyanVP yesterday where he explains why China is treating @BarackObama like a Doormat 
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
Not his 'per se'? A Friday document dump shows @BarackObama all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed 
The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links.
If China didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field, we could easily (cont) 
When your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military capability, you (cont) 
@RickSantorum is desperate. Now he is saying that he would prefer @BarackObama over @MittRomney. (cont) 
The Chicago machine is scared. @PaulRyanVP shows that @MittRomney will run on a conservative &amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory!
When will @BarackObama release his transcripts? What is he hiding?
Great to see @MittRomney being well-received in Poland 
Disgusting--@BarackObama's supporters are launching an anti-Mormon whisper campaign  
My @gretawire interview discussing my $5M charitable offer to Obama, his lack of transparency &amp; my tremendous support 
Waste. With 22 new taxes &amp; $1.8T in added debt, @BarackObama's disgraceful 'ObamaCare' will still leave 30M uninsured 
Itu2019s about time for all Americans (Republicans &amp; Democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you! 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the Make America Great Again Texas filing and the Iowa caucus 
Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping.
@sbowlin1  Thanks--you will love it.
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on #ObamaCare before the decision. No (cont) 
#trumpvlog @BarackObama's dismal record in today's video blog.... 
It is that time of the year.  The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park.  The greatest ice rink in the country.
.@BarackObama-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather.
I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again.
The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. --Winston Churchill
No wonder @BBC is in such big trouble &amp; boss was just fired--they are lost.
Another @BarackObama investment triumph--the $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled 
I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
.@LaurenScruggs, who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!
Want to know why China is growing?  They can build the worldu2019s tallest building in 90 days 
I take great pride watching skaters enjoy the #TRUMP Rink in Central Park from my office--world's best skating rink 
I bought Tim Tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer 
President Obama, please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!
China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe @BarackObama knows that he selling us out.
@Tappersong  Thanks Gary.
@PSU_Brush @Zigmanfreud  Thanks Matt.
As bad as they were, I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power.
The day after @BarackObama blocks a Texas voter photo ID law, @JamesOkeefeIII exposes more dead people getting ballots 
Obama just stated It's always good to ignore Donald Trump. I state he is right, especially when the truth is against him.
@RyanSeven Sounds like a good idea.
Undecideds in OH,PA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama.
Follow @MELANIATRUMP's jewelry line on @QVC site 
Today's job report is not a good sign &amp; we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month.
Rosie O'Donnell's show is dead- can't keep going for long with such poor ratings. @Rosie is a stone cold (cont) 
To vote for me and CENTURY 21 for the best #Superbowl commercial, click the following link and u201cLikeu201d the page. 
Great news--Chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the US stock market 
Sorry to hear of yesterdayu2019s passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf.  He was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him.
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious. -- Sun Tzu
Watch this behind the scenes video of @IvankaTrump's Fall 2012 collection photo shoot- 
Military reps have attacked @BarackObama over Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise...
Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high 
No surprise--Obama's Deputy Campaign Manager tweeted link from Chinese propaganda outlet 
The final part of restoring fiscal sanity to America is the most obvious, and that's to control Obama-style (cont) 
Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth! @NBCNightlyNews
I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp; waterfall.
The Football program at Penn State should be suspended.
I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm.
The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity.
A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obamau2019s lack of transparency. I don't blame them.
@kingdelrosario I like to invest in what I know, which tends to be real estate, but I keep an open mind.
Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club.u00a0
.@evaemery Thanks--you sound great!
Looks like my work here is done, bringing a close to the first ever #NBC #SweepsTweet.u00a0Keep watching @ApprenticeNBC, every Sunday 9/8c.
Glad to hear that @taylorswift13 will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5.  Taylor is terrific!
Gabriel Aubry should learn how to fightu2014he became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B!
u201cFans like winners. They come to watch stars u2013 great, exciting players who do great exciting things.u201d - The Art of The Deal
@pehbho  I will Paul, thanks.
Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel.
Last night was the first time Obama said we instead of I in respect to Bin Laden's killing.
What's more important for the American public to have? @MittRomney's tax returns or @BarackObama's sealed records?
Very resource rich Canada, our neighbor, is looking to China for its growth. Just another sad commentary on the U.S. 
Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by.nDonald J. Trump
My son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton, South Africa on Dec. 1. He's an (cont) 
I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs.  They are hungry, motivated and eager to learn.  Proves America can still be great.
Dopey Arianna @huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble!
Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceilingu2014but it doesnu2019t seem that way!
Good response on jobs by @MittRomney.
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit!
How foolish did @davidaxelrod look yesterday trying to rationalize why @BarackObama accepts donations from Bain? 
Lolo Jones, our beautiful Olympic athlete, wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great. @Followlolo
@ForexBoxusd @LibertyU  Thank you
Q/A @saychowder  I receive a great many requests for interviews, nationally and internationally.
Big win by @Yankees last night to take control of AL East. Jeter &amp; company now control their destiny.
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be (cont) 
It's Friday, how many advertisers dropped @HuffPost today?
A Lion's List of Democrats are not attending @BarackObama's DNC Convention. The Democratic Party is in turmoil. 
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma?
@Bluecollar96 Dummy--I never went bankrupt.
Let me say it as clearly as possible, that the attack on my Catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me. -- @GovMike Huckabee
Scary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover @BarackObama's real 2011 budget deficit 
American incomes have fallen $3,040 per household in the last 38 months 
A clip from last night's @Late_Show where I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades 
David Letterman's show has become so boring and mundane. Somehow, every time I look, I can't help thinking of (cont) 
There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obamau2019s choice, once he releases all of his records.
SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later, @BarackObama is asking for more time to fix the economy 
One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue.
Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on @NBC at 9PM EST!
America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) 
Our country has a big heart. And it's a point of national pride that we take care of our own. #TimeToGetTough (cont) 
China is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade 
George Will was pushing for @JonHuntsman for the GOP nomination in December...said he was going to win. (cont) 
I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star @REPWEINER was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak).
We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers. (cont) 
Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.
While I own properties across the world I am very excited about my new acquisition of @Doral in Miami. (cont) 
#CelebrityApprentice Who will win? 
#CelebApprentice fans watch today's #trumpvlog 
The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape.
Sugar @Lord_Sugaru2014you should say thank you, Donald, like a good little boy... ...
u201cThe only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.u201d u2013 Vince Lombardi
I'm on @foxandfriends every Monday morning at 7:30...
While Obama is denying it, he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before 
.@chelseahandleru2014stop trying to get your hotelier boyfriend backu2014a lost causeu2014he can do much better!
Cadillac Championship at Doral a great success--I just bought Doral--it will be amazing. Cadillac a great American car.
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York---winner of  the Forbes Five-Star Hotel Award in 2009 through 2012. 
This is a time for big ideas. This is a time for real reform for a real recovery. -- @PaulRyanVP
Great article on wind turbines by Robert Bryce in today's @NYPost  
.@Yankees are in trouble without Derek. Try A-Rod at short- get him some confidence.
I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
Great--now Supreme Court Justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone 
America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommittee
u201cIn order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts, you need to know about real estate.u201d - Think Like a Billionaire
Now @BarackObama is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgages--he will spend this country into the ground. 
Is Roger Simon @politicoroger ever right about anything? Now he's attacking @BillClinton in defense of (cont) 
Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen yesterday 
I wonder what @JoeBiden was thinking last night as @PaulRyanVP delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate.
In any business venture, remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. Fight hard for that brand of yours.
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will!
Under his administration, oil and gas production on public land is down over 10% 
Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks, President Obama. @BarackObama
I had a fun time doing the #CallMeMaybe video featuringu00a0 the @MissUSA contestants, @BravoAndy, and @GiulianaRancic-  
@SiphoSimelane Thank you.
While @BarackObama is slashing the military, he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11.
Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil.
What's incredible is that @Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage. (cont) 
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
.@MittRomney will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS.  If reelected, @BarackObama will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice.
Via @scotsmandotcom:  u201cAwards for Trumpu2019s golf courseu201d 
ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible.
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country, we just do not win, period!
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job. --Michael Gerber
.@DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1,000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !!
Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways.  #Sandy 
.@acuconservative's #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate. @MittRomney even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO!
Worired that the USC will strike down ObamaCare, @BarackObama is trying to implement his debacle in public schools 
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction. --Isaac Newton
Congratulations to @newtgingrich on a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now.
A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the @Yankees terminating his contract for misrepresentation?
Trump Miss Universe, simulcast on @nbc and @Telemundo on December 19th, will once again deliver an entertaining and u2018beautifulu2019 show!
Dummy @mcuban is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate  Thursday night. It will be very interesting, I promise.
Why gas prices will rise, Miss Canada/Miss Universe, and #CelebApprentice in today's #trumpvlog... 
@npbraden  I already have two great pilots.
Michelle Obama's weekend ski trip tonAspen makes it 16 times that Obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years. (cont) 
Sure--@BarackObama's literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake' 
Lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent The Point Lake and Golf Club on Lake Norman in (cont) 
I'm loyal to people who've done good work for me. #TheArtofTheDeal
We donu2019t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.
@Josh_Beaupre  Josh--Thanks, I think you're right.
To Tom Brady @patriots and Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend.
We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria, and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders.
@achieverdan Thanks
@JNorr11  Good reason for a celebration.
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.
.@mcuban When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for @ABC.
Welcome to the new reality-- be careful. Retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders. 
Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan u201cremains significantly undervaluedu201d 
RT @OCChoppers: Bike we built for @realDonaldTrump. The gold flakes in the paint out in the sunlight looked amazing! 
We are way over the fiscal cliff.  And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months, it may be too late.
Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smart as you get! @Linda_McMahon
@RonCharles @VanityFair @KBAndersen  Which magazine went bust under Carter and as I predicted!
No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck...
A lot of people strongly advised me against doing @ApprenticeNBC. Next week we start filming the record 13th seasonnHence, go with your gut!
What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk.
I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's #CallMeMaybe for #MissUSA 2012- 
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month. @BarackObama is so excited.
My @CNN interview with @wolfblitzercnn where I discuss @BarackObama's 'birth certificate' and why @CNN has low ratings 
He was quick to issue an apology on behalf of America to Karzai. Why won't he release the letter? @BarackObama n
I am honored that Texas supporters have filed papers in Texas to create Make America Great Party on my behalf. 
Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products 
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.
Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winner--and also a great guy. @DerekJeter
George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win.
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama has added over $6T to the new national debt &amp;  ruined US credit.
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
Windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil 
Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year 
Preliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice. As usual, we will have another great season.
Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous.
Playing politics with the Keystone decision? @BarackObama vetos 20,000 jobs and cheaper oil.
#FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect @MittRomney this November.
#SuperBowl Vote for me and @CENTURY21-- 
The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. -- The Art of the Deal
Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories &amp; manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy!
When @BarackObama is not vacationing, he is hosting his top donors in the White House 
Sad--only 36% think America's best days are ahead while 49% believe they are in the past 
For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is, Obama also appears surprisingly clueless (cont) 
Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night.
The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election. He was an ally.
Watch @BarackObama admit Obamacare is a TAX 
9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last &amp; yet the Republicans lostu2014do you think they might be doing something wrong!
WASTE--HUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants 
It's hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing dominance has evaporated. #TimeToGetTough  (cont) 
Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!
We don't need a Secretary of Business to understand business, we need a president who understands business and I do -- @MittRomney
@WyattBrian  Timing is important, so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed.
Be  yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
The only thing more boring than @bwilliams newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratingsu2014a disaster!
True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is.  - Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf (1934-2012)
There is no substitute for hard work.nn--Thomas Edison
My review of #TheDarkKnightRises and more in today's #trumpvlog- 
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
Who's the outsourcer? @BarackObama's campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India. 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing my possible GOP endorsement, @MittRomney's taxes and the Florida primary. 
Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. history
Now a small country like Sudan tells Obama he can't send any more Marines 
Capitalism doesn't guarantee success, only a chance to succeed. The community organizer @BarackObama doesn't (cont) 
The real war on women--over 175,000 fewer held jobs in July &amp; 94,000 dropped out of labor force 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD, lowering tax rates, Republic of Georgia &amp; (cont) 
New York Times Apologizes to Donald TrumpnnA recent story in the New York Times incorrectly stated that Donald (cont) 
If the government doesn't start working together, the media is right &amp; we will hit a fiscal cliff.  We need to avoid this.
First of all, you don't necessarily need the best location.  What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal
@acman84  True!
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
QE3, a political favor for Obama, will cause record inflation on food and fuel.  This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.
Just left Istanbul, Turkey, yesterday where  #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent!
Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #VPDebate
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time @MLB hit leader.
I guess @BillMaher saw my ratings on the @Late_Show the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill, you are no Letterman.
Welcome to Twitter, @melaniatrump!
Wing bangers-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the U.S.
Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk.
3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why @BarackObama can't manage to pass his agenda.
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
I have fun, I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October. 
A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion.
@RetroJohnny  Thanks
@kleckhardt  Yes--it is great!
Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday.u00a0
Part 2 of my @jimmyfallon interview giving away some @CelebApprentice spoilers &amp; discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant 
This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented.  It is a losing issue for @BarackObama and must be repealed.
Dine With The Donald and Mitt:n
Congratulations to @drewbrees on setting the @NFL record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.
We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. @ScottKWalker's victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.
@BuckingSlams  Sam, you're 100% correct. Frankly I wish they'd scram.
Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at @Cadillac--- the cars are fantastic.
u201cObama doesnu2019t respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. He thinks that the wealth you create (cont) 
For political purposes only, Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
Priorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime, Obama has skipped over 50% of his intel briefings  n
@DonnyDeutsch tries so hard to be a star. But, he just doesn't have what it takes...and he never will.
Wrong! Under @BarackObama's watch, @Israel is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month 
.@danabrams, editor of @mediaite, explained on radio this morning that I am so widely covered because I draw high interest. True!
The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling!
... I never felt that I could let up for a moment. -- Harry S. Truman
The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good!
Alert--US jobless claims up 46,000 to 388,000. Really bad news. 7.8% is now a fraud--not possible!
Enjoying the Olympics.  Great coverage by @NBC as well. GO TEAM USA!
It makes me feel so good to hit sleazebags back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!)
I am impressed with how clearly @PaulRyanVP explains the challenges we face and the solutions @MittRomney will bring as President.
Very strange--why do database records contradict @BarackObama and show he was only at Columbia 1 year? 
@KryssiTooCool18 Thank you.
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
Look, when it comes to China, America better stop messing around. China sees us as a naive, gullible, foolish (cont) 
@RandyTotty @tjtotty  Happy Anniversary Teresa
These are facts: In 2001, the US opened its markets to China &amp; since then more than 2 million Americans can't (cont) 
Re Life:  Life is very fragile and success doesnu2019t change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile.
The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public, there is no bigger thrill than that. --Vince McMahon @WWE
A fact--golfers don't get aches &amp; pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial.
@GrimeyGatsby  I only require four hours of sleep per night.
Remember, Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful!
A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before. #TimeToGetTough   
.@PapaJohns CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that ObamaCare will force him to raise pizza prices 
A penny saved is a penny earned. -- Benjamin Franklin
Our airports are Third World--horrible. Let's rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively.
To aspiring entrepreneurs, always remember that if your enemies arenu2019t talking about you, then you arenu2019t doing well...and must work harder!
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
If only the morons @AP were as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are (cont) 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing @newsdayu2019s endorsement of @MittRomney, tomorrow's election and Sandy's victims 
I am following the Trayvon Martin case carefully. It's a terrible situation that should never have happened. (cont) 
...@BarackObama is hiding plenty of bad things.
V.P.....really! 
A Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days, with wise leadership, lie ahead.
u201c@BarackObama may have been a good u2018community organizer,u2019 but the man is a lousy international dealmaker.u201d #TimeToGetTough
Donald Trump Defends His Big Obama Bombshell: 'It's Not a Publicity Stunt' 
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.  -- Mark Twain
The #CelebrityApprentice Sunday night on NBC at 9 PM. Another exciting episode is ready to go. n
I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectly--they called him Bob. Sorry Bill!  @Patriots
Scottish government having  huge backlash on wind turbines. @AlexSalmond is becoming very unpopular.
.@johnboehneru2014if you canu2019t make a great deal go over the cliff &amp; negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February!u2014Trump 101.
@stass13 Thanks!
Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned. @BarackObama
If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.
My Trump Home Mattress Collection by Serta is setting records--they are really phenomenal. You can order them at 
Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted, will give good prices &amp; financing.
Doing the @todayshow with @MLauer was great- I really like Matt.
How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media. 
The brand new season of @CelebApprentice starts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon.
The upcoming season of @CelebApprentice will be terrific--a great cast.
I'll be on @Foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.
.@mcuban Letterman @Late_Show had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. People don't care about Mark Cuban.
It was an honor to be with @MittRomney the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat @BarackObama and be a tremendous POTUS.
@jtatsuno No, not trademarked.
Jerry Falwell, Jr. stated speech was best in University's history...my great honor.
Only 36 days until the election. @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough
@designergirla Late winter or early spring. It will be a great season!
So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump. (cont) 
Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
.@MittRomney scored last night on both substance and style.
The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush!  #wolfblitzercnn
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode 
Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures.
Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian Williamsu2014I guess people just donu2019t care about Brian!
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. --Douglas MacArthur
Hear me on @kiss925toronto now!#rozandmocha
Itu2019s extremely cold in NY &amp; NJu2014not good for flood victims. Where is global warming?
By the way, where is @Oprah? Good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway, who cares, I adore Oprah.
#trumpvlog The Republicans must defeat @BarackObama, not themselves..... 
My @SquawkCNBC interview re: Europe's financial mess, investing in Spain, Germany's economy and the future of the Euro 
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.
Congratulations to @ScottKWalker of Wisconsin--a great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing interest rates, the deficit, @RepPaulRyan's timing, @TimTebow and the Doral  
Good article: What Happened to American Men from @Newsmax by Michael Cohen 
The economy will come back, but it will not be the same economy. The old economy of the Industrial Age is (cont) 
It has been 1,000 days since @BarackObama has passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control.
Glad to hear @BarackObama's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina. Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte!
I will start reviewing various political reporters etc &amp; websites as to their professionalism &amp; fairnessu2014many people asking for this.
Nobody wants wind turbines, they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers.
After being ripped off for years, Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.
Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) 
Scary--now China's Development Bank is looking to buy U.S. homes and developments 
@MichaelRubinton Work hard!
A great photo of @MittRomney and me 
I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help.
Romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio &amp; he would be President.
Chinese spies stole our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter design 
While @BarackObama criticizes the GOP budget, his own party graded him with an F by voting down his budget in the House 414-0.
We should not allow @Chrysler to move @Jeep jobs to China after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned!
In his entire political career, @BarackObama has never had a tough @GOP opponent before @MittRomney. He is a paper tiger. #GOMITT
Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it.
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests.
@Manos_Panos  Love what you do!
Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke-u00a0let's face it, it doesn't work- just makes you hungry.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD, my Scotland property &amp; @BarackObama using Bin Laden's death 
ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.
@MittRomney is right--the Chinese have 'walked all over' @BarackObama 
How is @VanityFair editor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn? Fire Graydon!
My @FoxNews @TeamCavuto interview discussing the @RNC Convention, businesses making products in China and unemployment 
@jean_penny  Hi Jean
The US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country. We (cont) 
u201cChange canu2019t be measured in speeches.  It is measured in achievements.u201d -- @MittRomney yesterday in Fairfax, VA.
.@eagles should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback.
Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
Dave Letterman @Late_Show said during my interview that Obama was probably born in the US--the word probably is a disaster for Obama.
Watch my endorsement of @MittRomney. 
Wow, u00a0I never saw the Petraeus thing coming. A straight laced guy! Very sad for him and his family.
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies.
#BARACKTAX QUOTE: If you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax.
Many people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. #TrumpQandA
@VP Biden is delusional. He is criticizing @MittRomney on jobs.
The World Bank is tying poverty to u2018climate changeu2019 
The US is always getting ripped off! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to (cont) 
Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugaru2014you are the worst kind of loseru2014a total fool.
.@BarackObama blocked Keystone. Now China is preparing a massive $1.5B oil deal with Canada.  
.@ashleycam2883 Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.
@MikeyAdamsWEEI  Thanks--and Happy New Year to you.
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies!
California gas prices going thru the roof, others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama.
Obama is angry, frustrated and desperate.  He said u201cvoting is the best revengeu201d 
The military threat from China is gigantic and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) 
Imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the Iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing (cont) 
Josh Brolin, a friend of mine, was terrific in Men in Black. Congrats!
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail. -- Charles F. Kettering
Facebook billionaire gives up his U.S. citizenship in order to save taxes. I guess 3.8 billion isn't enough for (cont) 
Don't think my statement on @ariannahuff was harsh, if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow.
I wonder what the work atmosphere is like @VanityFair. It must be hard working at a dying institution.
Obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. He's in your face because the Republicans dropped the ball. (cont) 
Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November.-- @Newsmax_Media's cover The Trump Effect
Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments.
Congratulations to @FLGovScott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast!
Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
He @BarackObama made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont) 
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing #TRUMPTUESDAYS high ratings, @ToddAkin's statement &amp; @MittRomney's policies  
... I will soon start naming magazines that I think will fold--I predicted Newsweek.
My @todayshow interview where I reveal the new cast of Celebrity Apprentice and discuss the GOP primary field 
Visiting New York City?  Make sure to skate in the world famous Trump Rink in Central Park 
We need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong. #TimeToGetTough 
@cher Old story, one of which I publicly disapproved. My sons love hunting, I donu2019t.
.@lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad!
.@GovChristie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why @MittRomney  should be elected and @BarackObama has to go.
@NYLANDERMAX  Thanks!
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?
Majority of Independents want Obamacare overturned 
Obama is an easy target on foreign policy.@MittRomney has many openings to attack, especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden.
Back by popular demand, TV personality @TheRealMarilu returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  Marilu does great!
@michellemalkin I fully supported McCain but when he lost, hoped Obama would be great for U.S. --- he wasn't.
My interview with @Jay_Severin on behalf of @MittRomney discussing why the GOP must nominate @MittRomney 
@RickSantorum is clearly not a team player. If he was, knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the (cont) 
Once again, @RickSantorum proves he can't run a professional campaign. He is ineligible in large section of (cont) 
Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare.
@BillRancic  Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald.
@ld06981p  Larry, thank you and keep up the great work!
@NYClights420   I hope so!
I'll be on @foxandfriends at 7:30 AM Monday
Glad to hear that @RobinRoberts is doing well. She is a terrific person.
The Fed must be reined in. In 2011, the Fed bought 61% percent of US debt--even more than 2008. Unsustainable! 
Wrong--@BarackObama's '08 campaign manager &amp; current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate 
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing  2012 election polls, @MittRomney's current trip &amp; the US housing &amp; land market 
Itu2019s Thursday.  How much did OPEC steal from all of us today?
Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked 
In this book, our second together, we share what gives us the Midas Touch, the ability to turn things we touch (cont) 
The @timestribune - @EricTrump: Eyes are on Northeast Pa. with gas development  
Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miami--already world class, but will soon be The Best.
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning @BarackObama's background. I, for one, won't be.
A record 1.2 million Americans have left the job force during @BarackObama's recovery 
We must keep the pressure on @BarackObama's administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.
@Miss_Drax  My first job was working for and with my father, Fred C. Trump.
u201cChristmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.u201d -- Norman Vincent Peale
I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff.  Both sides need to work together.
Some of you were asking about the All-Star line-up for Celebrity Apprentice 
Bad move-@BarackObama released $147M in aid to the Palestinians 
Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes, @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
How will the client react? Theyu2019ve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweet
The @EricTrumpFDN is doing amazing work helping the children...
Derek Jeter @yankees wants to rent an apartment. Derek--only in a Trump building--Trump is lucky for you.
He @BarackObama promised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont) 
.@antbaxter  Thanks for helping promote &amp; make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful--you stupid fool!
@JSunday72  Thank you Joey
The election is still close but trending toward @MittRomney. He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!
Now @BarackObama is praising China's cooperation in negotiations over Chen Guangcheng 
@Wendydyer2  Thanks Wendy.
The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute!
Congratulations to @AnnDRomney on delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady.
.@lightjzup  Industrial turbines are destroying our land.
Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election' 
A real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely, not funneling it to his cronies (cont) 
.@StephenBaldwin7 shines in the record 13th season of u2018All Staru2019 @CelebApprentice.  The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen.
The @rydercup is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events.
He @FLGovScott handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial.
@mayorgas  Good.
.@antbaxter  I predict somebody is going to sue you!
@dennisrodman @ApprenticeNBC Great to have you back for the best season yet!
Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named u201cthe golf course of the yearu201d and which has brought ...
This is a buyersu2019 market.  Buy now.  You will thank me in 3 years.
Itu2019s amazing how people can talk about me but Iu2019m not allowed to talk about them.
You can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do.  Great quote by Henry Ford.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -- Henry Ford
...but interestingly, the same people seem to be lucky.
Watch Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC--we're winding up for a terrific finale. What a season! 
.@lancearmstrong should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.
Work hard, play hard and live to the hilt. - Think Like a Billionaire
Foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with @MittRomney to warn that we are viewed as in decline 
...You have little persona, but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!
@JonHuntsman just trashed the GOP and stood up for China on Sunday 
Iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. OPEC is ripping us off while @BarackObama watches. 
He @RickSantorum wants to decide what books people can read, what movies they can see. #freespeech  It doesn't work that way!
Congrats to Roger Clemens, he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing.
Threatening phone calls from Obama supporters are being made to the Michigan GOP office  
My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me.
.@SabrinaSiddiqui  Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor!
I will be doing @SquawkCNBC at 7:30.
Great that Pres. O is seeing @MittRomney todayu2014lots of good things can happen.
Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down.
Newsmax article: 'Trump Declines Prime Time GOP Convention Speech' n
Axl Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans @axlrose.
.@antbaxteru2014Your documentary works better than any sleeping pillu2014in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!
If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party. -- @limbaugh
China is heavily investing in building its own jet engine 
@Beardymilne @wtfagain David--I hear you are jealous &amp; angry that Forbes got the award over you--two losers!
The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. #TheArtofTheDeal
I am a registered Republican. n
Amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from @espn to @politico to @WSJ.
Smart move by @BarackObama having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the @DNC convention keynote.
I always said that @lancearmstrong had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping, he gave his enemies an opening.
I had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knesset @DannyDanon this past Friday in Trump Tower 
Check out this great story from the @WSJ... 
One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.u201d u2013 THE ART OF THE DEAL
They succeed, because they think they can. -- Virgil
Americans understand that the US has a spending problem, not a revenue problem. #TimeToGetTough 
It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama.
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the 2012 GOP primary and ObamaCare's attack on the Catholic Church.  
My @Newsmax_Media interview discussing OPEC, US gas resources, @MittRomney and running a campaign against @BarackObama 
Congratulations to @RickSantorum for coming out of Iowa a winner!
Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers. @BarackObama's policies have created a climate (cont) 
America's competitors love @BarackObama. @MedvedevRussiaE says @BarackObama has been the best 3 years for Russia 
25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)u2014it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing last nightu2019s presidential debate, my stock picks and tomorrowu2019s big announcement 
The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product!
The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: @BarackObama lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare.
China is raising its defense budget by 11% 
The economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year 
Joe Biden called America the Problem vis a vis Iran 
His spending is reckless: @BarackObama will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit.   
.@MittRomney will make us energy independent by 2020 
We have to get tough on China. For every one American child there are four Chinese. China is out to steal our (cont) 
Another example of @BarackObama's diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.
The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends 
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
It's Thursday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare.
@BrettNPU32  Happy Birthday
Great defense by the @nyjets this weekendu2014congratulations to @woodyjohnson4u2014only 6 points allowed!
Big cancer risk from new environmental light bulbs--a big price to pay!
u201cI donu2019t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.u201d u2013 Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'
Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing. 
I can't wait to read this...RT @Newsmax_Media: SEAL Book Explodes, Obama Furious 
Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed.
As gas prices keep rising, @BarackObama won't approve Keystone. Instead he is pushing algae - yes, algae - as an (cont) 
With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.
@waycooljr37 @Nationals Bob Kraft &amp; Coach Bill are far too smart!
@nathanfuchs @lawrence He's not a smart man. He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink!
Happy and proud to help @MittRomney win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County
Remember to watch the series finale of The Men Who Built America this Sunday at 8/7c on @History
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...
Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apartment next year. Very soon A-Rod won't need a place in NYC.
China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly, China will gain a whole (cont) 
It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackovau00a0does as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck.
The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make.
Busy dayu2014working on buying a major propertyu2014and creating lots of jobs.
Certain Internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrific
I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend @MichaelPhelpsu201422 Olympic medalsu2014a record that will never be broken.
Really enjoyed discussing @yankees yesterday with @RealMicihaelKay. I am a long time Yankee fan.
Just cancelled my subscription to @USATODAY. Boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) 
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!
Back by popular demand, the fabulous @LilJon returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  The fans love him!
A clip from @KatieShow where I take @katiecouric's audience on the Katie Coach  
.@washtimes @BrettMDecker: Five Questions w/ @realDonaldTrump--'Lack of Leadership is the biggest threat to America' 
Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras.
@Bernard McGuirk Thanks for being so nice and defending me on O'Reilly...you're terrific!
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
As I said on @foxandfriends this a.m., you have to give Obama creditu2014he won! ...
@snugglebun31  I did--thanks for remembering.
If we reelect @BarackObama, the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the America we were (cont) 
The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute!
Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed @MittRomney. He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again.
If history teaches us anything, it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) 
No surprise. @DNC displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets 
Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-&amp; he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin!
The independent watchdog who exonerated @BarackObama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52,500 to Obama's campaign.
@kleckhardt  Kris, great place, enjoy!
@johnsununu is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. Fight on John!
The Afghan Security Forces who we are training have killed 52 U.S. soldiers 
For those of you in troubleu2014(in these troubled times)u2014never, ever give up!
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate, tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.
The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.
Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe @Israel's warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' 
Via @CNNPolitics:  Trump will have 'memorable' role at GOP convention 
I don't believe in government picking winners; or in the case of (@BarackObama), picking losers --@MittRomney
Watch @IvankaTrump's Ready-To-Wear Fashion Show at @LordandTaylor featuring @TrumpModels and @MissUSA..... 
.@ABFalecbaldwin  Alec--it's not science, it's a con--read the e-mails.
Glad to hear that @JimTalent has put some strong anti-China referendums in the @GOP convention platform.
Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp; have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery, phony numbers
@MRJMF1 @Late_Show Thanks I will.
Pathetic: @BarackObama did not want to veto Keystone himself--so he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate to defeat it.
Re Real Estate: You donu2019t necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best dealu2026
It's good to see that @FLGovScott is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections, Voter fraud must be broken.
.@BarackObama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November.
@escobedoantonio Work hard and never give up!
I'll be speaking at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention Center (San Jose, CA) (cont) 
Congrats @MittRomney on a huge NV victory. Letu2019s make @BarackObama a one term president 
How can @BarackObama invoke Richard Nixon against @MittRomney when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast &amp; Furious?!
Can you believe--they are blaming @MittRomney for Egypt.
All weights are on crane's wrong side ---  very precarious below, move out!
HYPOCRITE! Long before @BarackObama called the Tea Party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a Hyde Park rally
@swingtraining  Thanks Jeff.
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive.
I always enjoy being interivewed on @WOR710 by John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show.
Good luck @MittRomney tonight--have no doubt you will be great.
Why is @BarackObama continuing to lie? 
.@janinegibson  
While China screws us with every turn of its currency, is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face, (cont) 
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.nnThe Art of The Deal
I'll be honored  at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called birther issue? No more apologies--take the offensive!
@dylawn420 @UberFacts Dopey, I never filed for bankruptcy.
Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago.
Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.
As China is building an air and naval force, @BarackObama is cutting ours. 
Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation. #TheArtofTheDeal
@MittRomney is right--this election is about jobs 
The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false!
@opus_6  Thanks, it's a wonderful place to be--and Happy New Year.
The @Yankees must re-negotiate @AROD's contract. He is not the same player without drugs.
Amazing--both Transformers &amp; Dark Knight Rises featured Trump properties and each grossed over $1B. Just coincidence.
Yesterday was @BarackObama's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.
@RCVenables It is, thanks.
@BarackObama claims that his Koran apology calmed things down 
Shocking--over 92% of France--who just elected a socialist for its new PM--want @BarackObama re-elected 
Who is the dumbest man on TV? @Lawrence of MSNBC... 
Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring ObamaCare, US debt &amp; @BarackObama's tax plan.
After four  years of getting the run-around, America needs a turnaround, and the man for the job is Governor Mitt Romney. @PaulRyanVP
u201cI like thinking big.  To me itu2019s very simple: if youu2019re going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big.u201d u2013 The Art of The Deal
.@Rosie, get better fast. I'm starting to miss you!
The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
@escobedoantonio Thank you
Welcome to @BarackObama's America - 8.74 million workers on 'Federal Disability 
@MittRomney has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. The primary is over. Time to defeat @BarackObama.
The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat, not Israel's right to self-defense.
Bush was called unpatriotic by @BarackObama in '07 for adding $4T to debt  
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during @BarackObama's term. Outrageous!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the Republic of Georgia, taxes, the fledgling economy and Facebook 
#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
.@latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice.  Amazing in the boardroom...
America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: @MittRomney's success in the private sector is a tremendous asset.
@lin0729  Yes--he is a great guy!
Excellent story on @MittRomney- very good moment for Ryan. #VPDebate
@danabrams True--but keep up the good work!
Why is Obamau2019s auto bailout now creating jobs in China?  He is ruining American industry.
Our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates 
Welcome to the 'Islamist Winter' - the Muslim Brotherhood is now taking over the Egyptian military and possibly (cont) 
The point is: the Chinese are smart--they respond to economic pressure, and they know they're not going to get (cont) 
Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care?
I was standing with @SHAQ when a young high school star, Kevin Garnett @Celtics, said to a crowd Forget Shaq, I want to meet Donald Trump.
@PartyCoveMag @espn @politico @WSJ  Thanks!
The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death, not Obama, who works hard to take (cont) 
Donald Trump's Guns by @EmilyMiller @washtimes 
@MittRomney did well last night. He won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates. @MittRomney will be the nominee.
I am happy to have started #ObamasFavoriteCharity. Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets.
Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner. @MikeBloomberg
Trump to Liberty U Students: 'The World is Laughing at Us' 
It's amazing--@hardball_chris has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama.
Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best resort in the countryu2014Miami is hot!
.@Cher attacked @MittRomney. She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. Like @Rosie O'Donnell, a total loser!
What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or @BarackObama as President?
Thomas Kinkade died. I happen to love the beauty of his paintings. He took a lot of heat from art critics who (cont) 
.@MittRomney much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.
I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of @TrayvonMartin. I support a full investigation and justice.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. -- John Wooden
@Scootray88  Dopey, same people voting over &amp; over again? Andy Murray #1 by far.
More waste, fraud and abuse - over $460M in food stamps went to ineligible households 
He @MittRomney is a successful entrepreneur. @BarackObama successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November.
.@antbaxter should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. Take a hint and get out of the film (cont) 
Remember what I said about @BarackObama attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont) 
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.
I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
US interest payments on the debt have already passed $375B this year n
Who's the flip flopper? @MittRomney has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
@HeinzPak @usatoday That could be. Agreed.
Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama.
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heart!
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.
DELUSIONAL--Obama actually thought that he won the debate 
US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp; we wonder why China &amp; OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank!
An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--@BarackObama --we need real leadership.
@mllemariani  I agree!
RT @IBDeditorials: Was Barack Obama A Foreign Exchange Student? 
@marileenelson Thanks
Iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.The country will collapse (cont) 
...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving!
@jeff_coles  I will--thanks.
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC 7:30 AM
Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
@xbreanne469: @realDonaldTrump love your show!!!    Thanks.
@sdcrane @marissamayer Excellent.
My shirts, ties &amp; suits (and fragrance, Success) are doing great -- go over &amp; check out Macyu2019s nowu2014beautiful new selection!
@davenanni: Loving the Trump in LV. Service is great, best room for the money!(500sq/ft, great bath and shower, tons of closet space).
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
@dhtherex Thanks.
@libertybellskp: @realDonaldTrump That's the plan. Have you ever seen such a clueless leader in all your life? I am stunned daily.
@jake_grimes   Thanks.
Remember, save your evening to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch Gary B.
The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to meu2014a very sad situation for everyone!
@alyona_polishuk: @realDonaldTrump @JamesMattiske Brilliant answer! I think it's the best tweet I have ever read.
@heyitsjxo: @realDonaldTrump you're my idol  Thanks.
RT @NRCC: Good to hear @realDonaldTrump is on board.GOP is the party of free enterprise.Join us as we innovate: 
@lolita_nyc: @realDonaldTrump luv you  That's great!
@GavinCoffin: @realDonaldTrump CA is the best i rather loose my inheritance then have to watch the dreadful Modern Family on ABC @DannyZuk
@Bchipper83: @realDonaldTrump haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that!
@bahia6085                n@realDonaldTrump Can you imagine Obama running his own business? How sad would that be? You never know!
@EdwardAshton30  Yes.
@StefThomason Great!
In real estate, all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smart!
@duneknight: @realDonaldTrump are you gonna run for president? All this talk of politics is waste if you don't run. You are correct!
@MichaelJHill: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump we are looking forward to the renaissance &amp; transformation of the Old Post Office in DC GREAT
@manny_ottawa: @Alex_Norcia @realDonaldTrump seems like @AlexSalmond has a history of bad decision making. Maybe that's the point TURBINES
@augustskaro @MONIKAKOVACS @JasonDolan Only some!
@Jeromeister: Really @realDonaldTrump, are you sure Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen. Just 97%.
@ArsenioHall   Arsenio, may your run be long, successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! Good luck.
Itu2019s that time of the year. @TrumpRink in Central Park is now open--best rink in the world. 
@subirchowdhury   How are you - $5.5 million (a bargain).
Big crowd expected tomorrow night in Iowa. It will be interesting and fun - great people!
@brandonzappi: @realDonaldTrump Trump for president 2016, this country needs a different kind of change  Thanks!
@leoncarmen: @realDonaldTrump @melaniatrump great couple! Thank you!
@Thee_FrankG  It is great--thanks!
@joooooojaah: @realDonaldTrump is my favorite twitter account  Thanks!
@UsmanChodry: I never get y people hate @realDonaldTrump so much?coz they r not as succesful as him? #trump #theapprentice  Thanks M!
u201cEvery strike brings me closer to the next home run.u201d - Babe Ruth
@aarnold1877: @Letti4U @realDonaldTrump he could be blackmailed while in power to cover up this crap. That's why it's a big deal.
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox  &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed
@AlyssaMenasci You have to have passion for your work. That's crucial. Then focus on it and don't give up.
As promised, my @SuperBowl pick is the San Francisco @49ers.
Happy Father's Day to all, even the haters and losers!
u201cWinners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@Sorrowmachine: @realDonaldTrump @murphy756 Didn't he just loose to Michelle Bachmann? .Never lost to Michelle - dummy, are you crazy!
@4clint               nwhat is key to attracting new customers.thanks The gold standard, only the best for clients &amp; customers. Every time
@Beliefheals: @realDonaldTrump @AmSpec You're more than the best Entrepreneur; great teacher &amp; source of encouragement!  Thanks.
@HelenPferdehirt Thanks Helen
.@tedcruz must be doing something right if @cher, sadly rated u201cthe 4th ugliest celebrityu201d according to @listverse, is attacking him.
@dongibson12: @realDonaldTrump @RiqardPaliq Hopefully Donald Trumps fate is to be a very old, rich ex president in good health. So nice!
No @DannyZuker it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. Come on Danny, you can do it!
@MarkSimoneNY  Mark - thanks for remembering.
@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Will the Mavs make the playoffs, what do u think Mr Trump? No, Mark Cuban is a loser!
The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reformu2014and I said zero!
Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
@nieldi   @Lord Sugar can't get himself arrested-but at least he's making me money-keep begging Sugar you dog!
@hrtbrknomore74 Thanks and good luck.
@graeme123s: @realDonaldTrump you'll never know what impact your tweets have on followers lives  Thank you, so nice!
@j_cohl: I'm kinda hoping that @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump become the first father-daughter US President duo in American history CUTE
@DurangoRick   Thank you:-)
.@GOP need to face reality u2013 not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote Republican.
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
@beandp749: u00ab I like thinking big. If youu2019re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. u00bbDonald Trump
@signoresifis: Huge fan of @realDonaldTrump i think is a very intelligent and tenacious man. Big role model to me.     Thank you.
@MasSergio: @realDonaldTrump that punk's jealous of ya mr. trump @DannyZuker is not worth the time of day! He prolly wants media attn-True!
Is Chris Jackson as dumb as I hear - but I still like that he follows me like a good little soldier!
@4everSharkie: #iHateTheFactThat @trumpcasinos serves #sharkfinsoup and @realDonaldTrump could be a hero and stop it!  You like sharks?
@SandeepSrih @TrumpChicago   Thanks!
@JacoboCasarez                n@realDonaldTrump which one of your Trump courses is your favorite to play? Hard to say--all are fantastic.
@menyhoffman Great and thanks.
Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point.  Ribbon cutting w/@MayorBloomberg &amp; @jacknicklaus was spectacular. Lots of people &amp; jobs!
@Sonnyjr66: @realDonaldTrump I'm a prof salesman, but not motivated by money, but like to win. Is that a bad thing?  No, not at all!
Not since Watergate have we been going thru a time like this--Benghazi, IRS, wiretapping of @AP...
Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back, just learn from your experience!
@mhrynuik: @ashleymchandler - so cool that @realDonaldTrump and @JoelOsteen are twitter friends!!  -And REAL friends, Joel is the BEST!
@kalevans    Great!
Watch out. Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the Boardroom as a judge in this weeku2019s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Don't cross her!
@Evan_Olson: @realDonaldTrump pitiful 
Man, we had a great day today at Trump Tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness!
@TunisieAffaires: Honestly ---&gt; @realDonaldTrump is a model to follow when it comes to the business world  Thank you!
Colin Montgomerie @montgomeriefdn You are not only a great golfer, you are doing a great job of commentary @GolfChannel
u201cKnow from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
One of the countryu2019s dumbest newspapersu2014The Palm Beach Post--should be put to sleep. Itu2019s dying. @pbpost
What do you think @amandatmiller is writing? #CelebApprentice
.@NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop &amp; Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD.
House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi &amp; IRS. No excuses!
@jbazkmorton: @realDonaldTrump. I find myself respecting you more everyday!! 2016?  Thank you.
Via @TVbytheNumbers:u201cTV Ratings Sunday 'Family Guy' &amp; 'The Simpsons' Down, 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' Upu201d 
u201cAfter every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.u201d - Think Big
u201cCircumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power.u201d -- Benjamin Disraeli
@jonkarl - very fair interview!
@mrstuckerx.  Thanks.
Vattenfall, the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen, Scotland, is having serious financial difficulty.
@piano807 Wow!
What do you think of @DennisRodmanu2019s Donald Trump head? The hairu2019s not quite right, for one thing. #CelebApprentice
@fubaglady @CamaroDays  Thanks, I do and will!
@FuriousBlaze: @realDonaldTrump @WWE You deserve it can't wait to watch you go in. I'll be there.
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal @BBCNews RT u200f@DanScavino                  n the photos that they don't show the public... 
@JerzFukc: Honestly @realDonaldTrump been one of my role models ever since I was 9 years old. I still look up to him and want to meet him
@charleyUfarley   Innocent of what, weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park that night? The City better not settle this case!
@BG9half: @realDonaldTrump @TheScotsman Played the course in May and it's the best course I've played on. Incredible and an absolute joy.
I was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS, including the fact that we should never have gone into Iraq but once there, kept the oil! DUMB
.@pennjillette doesnu2019t like @StephenBaldwin7u2019s clichu00e9 line and Stephen says Penn creeps him out. Do we sense conflict yet? #CelebApprentice
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope &amp; Change.
The @FBIPressOffice, police &amp; others are doing an amazing job. How genius was it putting together that tape?
@MrMikeLobikis: @realDonaldTrump Proud of you, bruh. Thanks!
Very sad that Republican donors were targeted by Obamau2019s IRS.
@DanielRobinsMD.   @Lawrence is a very dumb guy who just doesn't know it-his show is a critical and ratings disaster!
@Josethegr8t: @realDonaldTrump @val_wonders @DanAmira @NYMag if it does go up for sale ill buy them out.  Don't do it-bad investment!
@NASCARNAC Thanks Ric.
@Klyushina_ENG: @realDonaldTrump when do you plan to come to Moscow? At the beginning of November? Looking forward for your coming Nov. 9
u201cIntegrity is the essence of everything successful.u201d u2013 Richard Buckminster Fuller
@Trill_Blowa: If the government just listened to @realDonaldTrump this country would be so much better!
@CUREHDSAORG: @BretBaier Huntingtons Disease is a terminal and genetic illness.Please retweet 
@Lumberportal  That's great!
@jrocco_96 @mcuban I have none!
@MegaLouise88. O.K. write me.
@destinywyatt11 True!
Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team. @Patriots
Our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--&amp; that one's not even close!
.@VattenfallGroup doesnu2019t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen.
@jmackd10   Thank you.
Re @TWC TimeWarner, I am going to be switching many of my buildings to another serviceu2014this is ridiculous!
God never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better. --Rev. @BillyGraham
Via @nydailynews: @IvankaTrump oversees new healthy room-service menu at Trump Hotels 
@Chad_Williams91: @realDonaldTrump if you're president , I'll move to the states tomorrow ! #Trump #world_leader #you #are #hired  Thanks!
@ninetek  Then why do you follow me like a little puppy, moron?
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals..
@Vinny_Titone: If @realdonaldtrump runs in 2016 he will be hard to beat;
@lisakaminsky   Yes.
@Chris_DiRe: @realDonaldTrump really enjoyed my stay at Trump SoHo this weekend - your staff there is super polite and hospitable  Great.
@francaselles @KatieShow @katiecouric  Very cool, thank you.
u201cDonald Trump: The View Will be Better without Joy Behar (Video)u201d 
u201cGoing with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.u201d u2013 Think Big
@GradyMc Sadly, that's right.
@emanaydin  Made a mistake but will recover.
@kimfloyd2012: @realDonaldTrump ... hope you have a great day! Loved your speech at CPAC. Thanks Kim!
Many Syrian u2018rebelsu2019 are radical Jihadis. Not our friends &amp; supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. Stay out of Syria!
So, what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember, I only fire people when it is deserved, not for other reasons!
@purplerapezebra                    n@realDonaldTrump also new products. they are going back to the pre steve jobs days. And I have stock
...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast.
@MichaelArrante Happy Birthday
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
.@DeeSnider, @StephenBaldwin7, and the rest of your favorites are back! All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres Sunday... 
@AKA_Wilhelm                 n@realDonaldTrump hay Mr. Trump! You're my rolemodel,and I love your show(Celebrity Apprentice)  Thanks!
@kyleraccio            n@realDonaldTrump Trump will win this - as he wins everything else! Awesome  Thanks.
Looking forward to receiving the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award at tomorrowu2019s @AmSpec Robert L. Bartley Gala dinner.
@nydave77 Good luck!
@NickTryIt: @realDonaldTrump @ariannahuff Is @HuffingtonPost even regarded as a valid source of information.. By anyone??  NO!
George Ross could be rightu2014@THEGaryBusey would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #CelebApprentice
@Mjaybat2002: @realDonaldTrump @jcpost it's still publishing? Barely!
@Who_MikeJones6: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #zukerisaloser
Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: u201cDonald Trump: Americau2019s Entrepreneuru201d 
@jTheCollegeKid: @realDonaldTrump @joooooojaah Shut up Trump I'm unfollowing you  Great, but you won't stop loser-you have no control!
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
@regis  Regis, you are the GREATEST!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!
@WinPropP: @realDonaldTrump @paul4prolife You have frequently been a great judge of character Very important for success in life Thanks.
Oh no, they are worried that they didn't read the Boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish?  t
@Jconstantinides @HowardStern  Thanks Jimmy.
@richardkle  Thank you!
Was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world- bringing tremendous business to Scotland. 
@sandramdocer Happy New Year Sandra.
@nbrenewables @TrumpScotland Thank you.
@jonathanagin: @realDonaldTrump wondering if u know or care that tomorrow begins childhood cancer awareness month.
@bobbymayojr: @realDonaldTrump Thank You Mr. Trump for speaking up just now ! Please don't stop !
With the two wacko perverts--Spitzer and Weiner--NYC politics has become a joke all over the world.
If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them. - Think Big
u201cThe best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
Have a happy, successful and healthy New Year!
@caaataclysm   Little Jon Stewart(?) Is a pussy, he would be hopeless in a debate with me!
u201cProtect the downside and the upside will take care of itself. u2013 The Art of the Deal
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?
@paul4prolife: @realdonaldtrump Gotta give u credit about calling the weiner issue in advance Thank you!
u201cGo for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you.u201d u2013 Think Big
@UnabashedProg: @realDonaldTrump @thegroveguru can you imagine serious people comparing modern warfare to a football game?  ACTUALLY YES!
@Belloved21  Very nice, thanks Rachel.
@Real_LukasHall: Starting to follow the Donald has been one of my better decisions lately @realDonaldTrump  That's great!
@cheriecorso: @realDonaldTrump I wish more people had ur tude  But they don't.
Sorry folks, I'm just not a fan of sharks - and don't worry, they will be around long after we are gone.
@mercy_flawless: @realDonaldTrump I kinda like the tattoo you got. Check it out guys! 
Last weeks Dateline, which I hosted, was the highest rated Dateline since January!
@Richard_Meier, a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he designed downtown--&amp; others!
Can you believe itu2014the model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizenu2014sheu2019s from Colombia.
RT @MELANIATRUMP u201c@ApprenticeNBC: Her beauty lives 5,000 miles past Heaven. 
The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so         completely stupid!
@PhilStephen The Scotland golf course in Aberdeen is open &amp; packedu2014really cool to see &amp; many are saying the greatest golf course ever built.
Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months, not two months!
@rockster62   Wow!
@DavidBarringer2  That's right.
Congratulations to @marklevinshow on u2018The Liberty Amendmentsu2019 debuting at #1 on the NY Timesu2019 bestseller list. Must read!
The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent, original home...
I don't know how Al Michaels could have been drunk and arrested on Friday night if he was totally sharp on Saturday morning.
u201cDonald Trump dedicates second Scottish golf course to beloved mother Maryu201d 
@PatrickMendezNV   Great idea - did you see their list, a joke!
@paulteutulsr. Thanks Paul - we miss you!
Great job by the FBI, Boston Police and all others involved-start the trial tonight!
@MandMpanelbeat Thanks and good luck.
@davidd0069: @realDonaldTrump doesn't need money for a campaign! Everyone already knows and loves him! #trump2016 Very nice!
@Lrac_Samoht: @realDonaldTrump ... And now Ur an expert on gun control ... Is there anything Ur not an expert on?   No!
Sad. Our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of Spain 
@GaryRathman: @realDonaldTrump do those jobs provide health insurance?  Yes, big league!
He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!
The failing @HuffingtonPost and dopey @ariannahuff are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough!  BE CAREFUL.
@moogoo3544 Thanks.
Keystone XL should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling &amp; fracking our own resources. Would be an economic windfall.
@JeffZephir Thanks Jeff.
@realRoseIzzo Thanks Rose.
@MEEDColin   Yes, very soon.  Project will be amazing!
#TBT With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere. 
@sammydc8: @realDonaldTrump The Donald... do you sleep?? Sincerely. ..Oklahoma  Not much.
@Rosemarrisa   She will run!
@imredwingfan: @realDonaldTrump truly the best show on TV....  Thanks!1
Why do losers &amp; haters always say I wear a u201cwigu201d when they know I donu2019t. Like it or not, itu2019s all mineu2014just ask Barbara Walters.
Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share.
@AdeleBrumley  Thanks!
Don't worry, THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!
@DanScavino   Great!
@mkerob: @realDonaldTrump great appearance last night on Letterman. First Stern, now Dave. Two awesome interviews. Thanks!
China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the U:S. in order for them to help us with the North Korea problem-don't let this happen!
@RyanSeanHeron: @realDonaldTrump have you ever contributed anything positive to the world? Making yourself rich.  Created thousands of jobs
@cGjeezy Tea.
Problem with @GOP is not their message, itu2019s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
@bretech2: @niceprogressive I don't thnk his acct was hacked he's saying he never twtd &amp; no1 actually saw it only claimed he deleted.
u201cCourageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.u201d u2013 Nelson Mandela
@TarekR: @realDonaldTrump If you ever become president of the US, what would be your first step?  Get rid of Obamacare!
@MacFaddenRyan @SongMemories Hi Ryan.
@ZarkRiggs: @realDonaldTrump It's all about jealousy. You should just ignore their false reporting. But I'd rather expose them as losers!
Tell me, which is u201ccooleru201du2014my induction into the @WWE Hall of Fame or my Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
@MikeVega4: I have to say I fave no idea who @DannyZuker is but I know @realDonaldTrump is and he has great hotels #whoiszucker  TRUE.
.@ArsenioOFFICIAL  Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
@drewgoo07: @realDonaldTrump has the realest tweets out there. The man in a great American, and if your not following him your missing out.
@NeNeLeakes   NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!).
@TheLanes08 Thanks.
@michaelledeitri: And this is why r kids are bullies, horrible examples set by adults. No excuses @NYMag fire him @FoxNews @CBSNews
@NNNmrk: @realDonaldTrump You need to write another Time to Get Tough Book. It'll be another new york times best seller. GOOD IDEA!
@MJGrilliot: @realDonaldTrump is the funniest, yet most honest person on Twitter Thanks!
@Rogerjmunson   Only 40 hours? (just kidding).
Somerset County, New Jersey SWAT Team- really fantastic people! 
@JeffPetak: @realDonaldTrump when is the Blue Monster going to be open for play? November 15.
Icahn, Kravis, Zell, Buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. Many of the top business people do.
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!
@JaySuch: Hey @realDonaldTrump. My 8 year old needs to do a book report on a bad person. We picked you.  A great subject, should get an A.
@debitking: @realDonaldTrump : I know Anthony Weiner and he's a real sick puppy.
 @ZootmanTom                 n@realDonaldTrump love your words of wisdom.  Merry Christmas &amp; happy new year  Thanks.
Via @australian: Trump empire planning to build a presence in Sydney 
@NatalieJeeaann  Great!
Just got a great new selection of ties &amp; shirts @Macys.  Go buy them now for Fatheru2019s Dayu2014theyu2019re beautiful!
.@MelaniaTrump looks amazing in 2000 @SInow! 
u201cTomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.u201d - John Wayne
@America4RandR.  Thanks!
Idiot @billmaher always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity, that he expressly offered.
@an2nym: @realDonaldTrump Good luck. If I had known Id have come to shake your hand. Fab job in Aberdeen.
@JessicaCarwile: @realDonaldTrump @traceadkins. We are so grateful for the Red Cross in OK today!! Thank you to Trace and to Mr. Trump!
@Sexys_Back: @realDonaldTrump we need firm decisive leadership, please consider a presidential bid mr trump. You are very smart!
@OnlyOneTweet_: @realDonaldTrump Hello Mr. Trump. Long time reader, first time tweeter. How do I deal with bullies?  ATTACK OR IGNORE!
I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!
@pauljosephjr  Doral is doing great!
@hi_ang3l: @realDonaldTrump My only wish in life is a follow back or a tweet from you. Your my idol, my inspiration!  Have fun!
A top firm like Cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win.
@TheAhmadHassan: @realDonaldTrump Sir your tweets are the best tweets really inspiring I love them  Thank you!
Just as I predicted, today Obama called for even more tax increases.  The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.
Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at  9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW, JUST LIKE THE MASTERS.   9
@bingo1bingo2: @realDonaldTrump @dannyzuker wow! That was some fine initiated political arguments u had right there. #Trump2016
I'm saying that the Tea Party, perhaps by another name, will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory!
Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
@realbryanbirse: @realDonaldTrump was ur first tee shot at trump links a snap hook?  Sadly, yes!
@Rizz_Lizz: @realDonaldTrump @andersengell Mr.President, DJT, could do this in his sleep! Light years ahead of opponents.
@RileyJSwanson: Donald is a stud. On Late Night w/ Jimmy Fallon tonight, he was sharp as a tack. @realDonaldTrump   Thanks.
u201cDonu2019t emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. Itu2019s a mindset that works.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@lauramatthews45: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @TrumpScotland Donald, I LOVE this place!
@MarkkCole  Happy Birthday Mark.
Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprentice
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals...
Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building, the deeper the foundation needs to be
Interview w/ @AndreaTantaros discussing my WH tour offer, @KarlRove's terrible ads &amp; Ashley Judd's candidacy 
@SatyrOnline: @realDonaldTrump Let me ask you something: Do you think Henry Ford or Steve Jobs got into Twitter pissing matches. Would have
@Kyle_j91: @realDonaldTrump If the US asked for reimbursement for defense and the Koreans declined, then what?  Let's rebuild the U.S.!
@EdwardAshton30 True and true!
@OMGguy18    Wrong, screen is too small-Samsung size is better.
Via @washingtonpost:Donald Trump will speak at CPACby @rachelweinerwp 
@lmward7. Thanks.
John McCain couldnu2019t get him to release u201citu201d and neither could Hillary Clintonu2014but Donald did!
@BigBobScott I will.
@Van_in_DC @DannyZuker  Thanks Van--so true.
@piximania: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump! I'm from South Africa and I just love your tweets!! You're the best!  Thanks.
Must watch u2013 owner of a single restaurant anticipates that ObamaCare will cost over $1M for compliance 
@borland_jim  Great!
@LindaSuhler: @GBrucato21 @ericbolling @realDonaldTrump Ah...I don't watch much popular TV. But I do like The Donald. You're very smart!
I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How    .much discount is Time Warner giving its customers?
@K9Koda. Thank you - very nice (and true)!
@gutterferret: @realDonaldTrump tell us in a Vine! Your voice carries so much more impact! #TrumpVine  O.K., on Monday!
@KayWiggs  Thanks!
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
@AnnAmplf  The Art of the Deal and Think Like a Champion would be helpful.
@MiketheScrew: @realDonaldTrump Give credit where it is due. NYC voters chose correctly.
Uh ohu2026 @OMAROSA &amp; @piersmorgan once again reunite in the Board Room in next weeku2019s u2018All-Staru2019 @ApprenticeNBC.  Fireworks!
@JTFoxx @HuffingtonPost  I agree--@HuffingtonPost is going down with @AOL and Patch &amp; @ariannahuff hates Tim Armstrong.
Everybody loves @bretmichaels! Heu2019s a great champion and this is where he should be. He agrees!
@RyDev22  Great!
@Bunyolan: @realDonaldTrump HI Chalita Yaemwannang, Miss Universe Thailand 2013 in NC. 
@renee_mk: @realDonaldTrump I bet there are a lot of other things or people in this world that could use that money  I create lots of jobs
@Devante4Liberty: @realDonaldTrump But if we had a Republican President you would say the exact opposite right?  Wrong!
@Sunderscore20 Very nice--thank you!
@briansaheed: @realDonaldTrump Governor Cuomo won't get any real challenge unless it's Mr. Trump.. True!
@DeadlyKittenz: @realDonaldTrump when you are president will you be able to bring back hope, jobs, and cash? #trump2016  We have no choice
.@IvankaTrump and me at the @todayshow this morning. 
@raybongz: RT @realDonaldTrump: It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification. Say it again!
u201cA big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@rat4xmas Thanks Tim!
Via @MiamiHerald by Hannah Sampson: u201cBLT Prime coming to Trumpu2019s Doral resortu201d 
@natestott: @realDonaldTrump how come you don't like Alan sugar Donald?  Because he's a lowlife, but he makes me money!
Located in Palm Beach, FL, historic Mar-a-Lago features 20 exquisite acres filled w/ world class amenities 
@SOS2day: Guilty plea in bird deaths at wind farms a first - New York News 
I donu2019t know why the @yankees keep paying A-Rodu2014they have a perfect out.
@marc_soler1  My honor!
I hear this moron @billmaher said nasty things about me (hair etcu2014boring) on the terminated @jayleno show. Stupid guy/bad ratings!
@JoeStocks Thanks--will do.
@sgonzalez1964 Thanks Sonia.
u201cTo keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back.u201d u2013 Think Big
@mm13815: @realDonaldTrump here is a novel idea. How about using that 7 billion to take care of our own country.   PERFECTLY STATED!
Via @BreitbartNews: u201cEXCLUSIVE: TRUMP SMACKS BACK AGAINST MEDIA ATTACKS ON CPAC SPEECHu201d  
@JonNeumeister     Dopey, I've won them all.
@Oloch3  Thanks.
@TheAmandaRose  Great!
Dummy @BillMaher forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully, charity gets $5M dollars.
Passion motivates. Passionate people don't give up; their zeal eliminates fear. Passion can also create business opportunities.
@FabianRoss_: @realDonaldTrump You think america will be great again? Only with great and proper leadership-otherwise, disaster.
@leebestt: @realDonaldTrump His opponent should not agree to any debates as I am sure he is a master.  Re me?  Thanks!
@meenah83: @realDonaldTrump .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State..   And our Country would be great.again! Thanks.
What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprentice
Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA
@BeaumontAnthony Thanks.
Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day.  It canu2019t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!
@marioraez1 Thanks.
Do you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprentice
@lesterwge  Thank you.
@jonareeves6127 Thanks.
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M.
Everyone is excited for @THEGaryBuseyu2019s return to All-Star @CelebApprentice.  Be warned, this time Gary is even more insane!
@whatitlooklike9: @realDonaldTrump @mcuban nobody is on the dons level. Lets be honest donald trump is the man Very nice, thank you!
@JeremyrLack: @realDonaldTrump what would your first act in office be?  To end Obamacare.
Via @BreitbartNews @biggovt: DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC 
@TrumpPhillyGM                     n@realDonaldTrump You have truly elevated this club to another level. We thank you! Thanks!
Hagel committee vote has been postponed as Hagel refuses to disclose all his finances 
@pegson: @realDonaldTrump Christopher Lane 
And happy to welcome @ArsenioHall back as an advisoru2014 he will have his own show and is doing great. #CelebApprentice
@ArthurDeMeyer Happy Birthday!
@DannyZuker: .@realDonaldTrump I'll never respond to your asinine bet. You're gutless Danny, and you don't even know what the bet is-loser!
@seanhannity   Thanks Sean, keep up the good work!
@schulesix3: Roast of @JamesFrancoTV will be the best one since @realDonaldTrump  OK, as long as mine remains number one!
RT @IngrahamAngle: Trump Int'l Golf Club West Palm Beach is spectacular. Almost makes me wish I had time to play/learn/like golf.
u201cI also plan to keep making deals, big deals, and right around the clock.u201d u2013 The Art of The Deal
@STARFLIRE: @realDonaldTrump @NYMag I canceled mine Smart move, thanks.
@perkins_holly  Great!
@AMuller65: @realDonaldTrump Do you ever see the USA once again becoming a Manufacturing power?Only with new &amp; capable leadership.
Jeffrey Lord @AmSpecu2014Thank you for the presentationu2014terrific job!
Who are your favorites on Team Power? Team Plan B? #CelebApprentice
We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so, the Arab League,whose members are laughing at us, should pay!
Obama is not a leader, he's just a campaigner!
@3Ddudra: @realDonaldTrump Do you know when the Trump Tower in Vancouver is suppossed to open? 18 months.
Photo from a recent episode of @ApprenticeNBC - saying those two famous words! 
I wonder what the great generals like Patton, the big M, or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack?
@Titi1211  Thanks Tiffany.
u201cThink of yourself as a one-man army.  Youu2019re not only the commander in chief, youu2019re the soldier as well.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@BrennenChase   Thanks!
@Nic_Keller @LilJon  Thanks.
Via @theblaze by @BillyHallowell:u201cDONALD TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTORu2019S FREEDOM IN IRANu201d 
@Patti_Wavinak: @realDonaldTrump I do have to say I went to your timeline and saw you did NOT tweet that! Hope you catch the bastard! DONE
@TPLRRT1   Thanks Thomas!
Our debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (&amp; others) are killing American business.
@jgarrett214: @realDonaldTrump you do realize that @ApprenticeNBC has raised MILLIONS for great charities, right? #celebapprentice  YES!
The Fedu2019s pumping is great news in the short term but it canu2019t last forever.  Be prudent in your market investing.
@melpoluk  Good luck!
@RobertBurnand         n@realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY nWhat a great building Mr T!  Thanks!
@BattoulShamsi: @realDonaldTrump I just love ur way of thinking and analyzing things, 2 the point.Thanks.
@macbenz46 @southsalem But he will get it!
Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, YOU'RE FIRED! Let her go home to her family and rest. BRING IN TOP FLIGHT PEOPLE!
@CompaqSstring3 Perhaps.
@pjpaton: Wind farms have scarred the British landscape&amp;turned the public against the renewable energy agenda! See, I was ahead of our time
@MANDCNorthEast Yes you can for country's good.
Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That's building the right way. - Think Like a Champion
@JimSlickatshort: @realDonaldTrump We really don't need your shirts, damn we need your brains! Get involved in politics!  Thanks!
Via @theFAMiLYLEADER:  u201cDonald Trump to Speak at The Family Leadership Summitu201d 
I canu2019t believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg.-- Move back fast!
@drunkrhino   Great!
Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National @DoralResort is being revolutionized with $200M of renovations.
.@BMP_Music_Event  Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
The $200M renovations at Trump @DoralResort are right on target.  When completed, the course will be as good as it gets.
@andrewessex1: @realDonaldTrump @tannermarkboots Just finished 'art of the deal', Brilliant insight into your mind, thanks!
@HatchetWounds Totally wrong dopey.
@louriz  Thanks Lou.
@cliftonclive: @realDonaldTrump : I completely agree with Patty. A businessman of your caliber can successfully implement State Policies. T
Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our leaders? This is a scandal!
Not only does Obama spy on German leaders, he criticizes their trade surplus 
Republicans have the right approach to ObamaCare u2013 let it fail.  Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016.
@bendreyfuss: @realDonaldTrump Thank you donald! tHis country needs you! Please run in 2016! Busines is what America is failing at!
@not_that_actor   Thank you Andy!
.@AlexSalmond  of Scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. I canu2019t imagine that anyone wants him in office.
@geoff911: @realDonaldTrump #theartofthedeal changed my life. Thank you.  Great.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence, of which our leaders have plenty!
@BalloradoBoy: @realDonaldTrump do you think Gumbel wrote that closing remark or @hbo? Bryant isn't smart enough (dumb as a rock), so HBO.
Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted)
Chinau2019s top academics are working w/ PLA in cyber-espionage of our state secrets &amp; R&amp;D 
@aakash4cesc: @realDonaldTrump will never forget the way u shaved vince's head and money fall !! U deserved to be in WWE HOF  Thanks!
Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.  -- Albert Camus
Excited and honored to be addressing @theFAMiLYLEADER summit in Iowa this August.  
Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews.  Much appreciated.
@magicdel: @realDonaldTrump @LateShow You're the only one.
I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M, $60M more than I paid. I love real estate.
u201cThe minute that youu2019re not learning I believe youu2019re dead.u201d u2013 Jack Nicholson
Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country, will be the best!
Take a sneak peek into one of Trump Park Avenue's most exclusive residences on the market- 
Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?
@jean_penny: @realDonaldTrump I love love Donald Trump!  Thanks!
@HoppMar: @realDonaldTrump And you also made a great call on BA, a few months ago, and you were SO RIGHT ! And made lots of money-thanks!
I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never, ever, give up!
Spitzer and Weiner lost, lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job!
Nice guy @pennjillette needs your help to make his bad guy movie Directors Cut--&gt; 
@JwalkerKid: @realDonaldTrump YOU WIN ON TV SHOWS HANDS DOWN YOU ARE A SUCCESSFUL PERSON ...... I LOVE ALL THE SHOWS U HAVE COME UP WITH
Country music star @TraceAdkins returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice.  Competing for @RedCross, Trace is great!
If youu2019re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then itu2019s time to THINK BIG and plan your next stepu2026
.@DannyZuker I hear your filmography is stacked with failures.
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...
@MatthewSmales1: @realDonaldTrump is a great American a role model to many read all of his books been a fan since he was in wwe a great guy
u201cBe tough, be smart, be personable but donu2019t take things personally. Thatu2019s good business.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@79Rose79 I was never a big fan of Bush--he gave us Obama.
@borland_jim                n After staying at the Trump International Hotel and Tower in NYC everything else seems subpar.  Thank you.
@JillToma  Hi Amy, see you soon.
@UStechie: @realDonaldTrump What are you doing with Old Post Office in Washingtondc and when?  We are going to build the finest hotel in C!
@mrmikeyharrison You will love it!
Every business has surprises, hidden dangers beneath the surface, and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success.
@evanmyers: I love how many negative tweets @realDonaldTrump gets. He must look at them, smile and go back to being a champion.  Thank you!
I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill
They call it climate change now because the words global warming didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
...American Cancer Society, and the Dana Farber Cancer Center.
@mattwalker1809 Anytime!
Thereu2019s no love lost between @latoyajackson  &amp; @OMAROSA Disrespectful? Who is being disrespectful? #CelebApprentice
Too bad @morningmika did not allow her interview with @SpitzerForNYC  to go on another few minutesu2026would have been interestingu2026
@jschmeezz23: @realDonaldTrump in my opinion you are the best human being ever! I like that better-thank you!
I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world.
@ShellySrt0527: @realDonaldTrump what will it take to bring back the made in the USA label?  Great leadership!
Sadly, Iu2019m probably helping @billmaheru2019s lowly rated showu2014but charity will benefit by $5 million so itu2019s worth it.
@PaulCrouch22 Thank you!
Denver, Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this?
@SullyThinks: why is @realDonaldTrump not the president of the US right now?! A very good question!
@gbla: Time to clean up Washington... Vote @realDonaldTrump for President in 2016!
Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia.  Why would Russia grant it?  Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!
@ShaneFontaine7: @realDonaldTrump what a great fragrance success is. Love the sentiment and it lasts all day. Thanks Donald No, thanks @S.
@sirenasola: @realDonaldTrump The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words You're fired!?
@TheJuice59101   I do, thanks.
ObamaCare is already done. HHS Sec. Sebelius is trying to force private companies to finance implementation 
Is everything ok over there @Salon? I actually got some good press from them today.
Who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #TBT #Trump 
@TNMouth  Interesting!
@bkfViking123 Thanks Bryon.
@AdanTheDon: @realDonaldTrump What advice would you give to someone who is really addicted to alcohol???  Tough deal but can be licked-AA.
I wonder how much our leaders have promised, or given, Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse?
@steffanpiper Very good!
Sexual pervert Anthony Weiner has zero business holding public office.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
All former Bush administration officials should have zero standing on Syria. Iraq was a waste of blood &amp; treasure.
@nicky0472: @realDonaldTrump The only ppl that still believe Obama did not lie r completely lost.  So true!
@cougar_ku: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president, Mr. Trump! The phonies will run the other way!  Interesting!
@teaparty321: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president in 2016, I hope you talk about your success instead of hiding it. No doubt!
@newnonny: @realDonaldTrump @sroyboyk prove it. And while you're at it, prove your alleged IQ as well. The highest, asshole!
@GauravK725   Thanks.
@Friend_Bus: @wgonet @realDonaldTrump ill admit hes the man when it comes to entrepreneurs  Thank you!
It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obamau2019s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
@Kmt9999 @billmaher  Thanks.
@K3LCI: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote Trump for president ten times over. #trueleadership  Thank you.
u201cOne thing Iu2019ve learned about the press is theyu2019re always hungry for a good story, the more sensational the better.u201d - Art of the Deal
@quiteefranklee  Thanks and enjoy.
.@TraceAdkins presents the NJ Coast Red Cross a $40,000 check for Sandy Relief. You can tell heu2019s very pleased about that--&amp; rightly so.
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama.  He doesnu2019t need the fight.  Too much political capital will be wasted.
Via @TheOaklandPress Donald Trump speaks in Novi(Michigan), draws record-breaking crowd 
@kristine_kaplan  Happy Birthday Kristine
@clar68 Great, thanks.
@Y0itsbeau Well, I would make America great again.
@DuaneMcAnally: @realDonaldTrump really stuck your neck on the line there. Great shout. .Thank you.
@mrjamesmack  Wrong--course held up very well despite monster storm.
@AustinWDE7: @realDonaldTrump needs to run so we can get out of this mess #trump2016
@chrisr52 Happy Birthday Christine.
@MontoyaMania                na good 75% of @realDonaldTrump 's tweets get favorited   Great!
@Al_Co: @realDonaldTrump Wind Turbines are Ugly and a FRAUD. Remove them. UK is going down the gutter. @aberdeenshire @AlexSalmond
An individual, whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns, has turned his attention to me.....
@cccabrera10                       n@realDonaldTrump reading The Midas Touch now, what an amazing source of good information.  Thanks.
...or mentally troubled (or a con).
@JedediahBila  Tell your aunt she is terrific!
@vinnypac: @realDonaldTrump I'll have to go to Macy's at tje Bridgewater mall in NJ and shop on this rainy day. Have 7 of ur ties. Luv them
@Rapone91 I agree!
Why are people giving money to Karl Rove when he just wasted $400M without any victories? Use your head.
To be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. Momentum is all about energy and timing.  - Think BIG
@marissanail25.  Thanks
Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell!
@seandburke: I would pay cash money to see @TheRock bodyslam @realDonaldTrump just once. #WWE #wrestlemania He is not strong enough!
@MegMMurphy @HowardStern @IvankaTrump Thanks a lot Megan.
u201cYou have to have a good reason for doing what youu2019re doing because people connect with the why.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@GysellAlmonte: I was checking upon @realdonaldtrump bio, and turns out that tomorrow is his birthday! I admire the guy. Thank you!
u201cTomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.u201d u2014 @BradPaisley
@MarkAGiarrusso: @realDonaldTrump @kmcs1957 You will get support, but you have to be serious about it and you have to stay in the race.
@KSofen: @realDonaldTrump I bought one of your ties at Macy's as a gift. Loved it and it was hard to choose just one. Nice designs - Thanks
@joshdefreitas1: @realDonaldTrump needs to next US president!! Thanks Josh.
u201cMost of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top u2013 and then work even harder to stay there.u201d -Think Big
By Scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. Great!
@BillNojay   Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE, LIKE OUR COUNTRY, IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE. Keep up the good fight.
@paul1994loan Thanks.
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!
... than his destruction of Scotlandu2019s magnificent lands.@AlexSalmond
@samaraOMGharper  Thanks.
@NicoleWallace04: @realDonaldTrump youre responding to everyone else BUT me donud83dude22ud83dudc94   Not anymore Nicole, thanks.
@Tudowz              nI look up to my man @realDonaldTrump for he has become one of the greatest Entrepreneurs in this times history. Thx
@joeybonedry: @realDonaldTrump Jeff has been battling cancer for years. Huge fan and Trump supporter, as am I. 
Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn.
@IcemanIMMG: @realDonaldTrump is the best in business ., #NoDaysOff  Right up there!
@WantDDUBLovin: @realDonaldTrump I cannot wait until your building opens in Vancouver! It's gonna be a GREAT addition to our downtown core.
@REAPEROFTRUTH: @realDonaldTrump u mad because @jayleno doesn't want u on his show? He begs me to go on his show-done it many times loser!
@Ashbash032: @Nautilus916 @realDonaldTrump lucky for me I don't live in America, I live in South Africa...  Bad news, we need you here!
@Chowes247: @realDonaldTrump Corzine is a evil schemer who stole 1.4 billion. Trump starts a University to help people get rich &amp; he's bad!
@pablofication: @realDonaldTrump The world needs a strong &amp; proud America, back to founding principals. You know how to make things great!
@georgeNedelkof1 True and thanks!
President Obama is finally getting hammered, even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much!
The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target
Ranked nationally in @GolfMagazine's top 100, Trump Int'l Golf Club in Palm Beach is a 27 hole masterpiece 
u201cYou have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.u201d u2013 Think Big
@AlexLevandoski: People who hate on you are really just jealous at their own lack of success. Thanks for the inspiration Mr. Trump! Thanks
@bdbender1: @realDonaldTrump it is truly disgusting to see the wind farms here in Iowa - destroying our farmland and wildlife.
@Rizz_Lizz: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for caring so much about the U.S.A.!
@Aus10_Bailey: @realDonaldTrump has the best tweets for real.  Thank you, a great way to communicate.
Think of it, the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid!
Keep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. Strive for innovative ideas.
@TresCurrie311: @realDonaldTrump trump national in Washington, D.C. looks great. Love what you've done with it  Thank you!
@lazyj70: @realDonaldTrump @Maathewdavis beating China, and I'd just like to see someone that's in it for the good of the USA.  Great!
Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. @GOP must do the right thing, stand strong &amp; defund!
u200f.@richardroeper- Perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz, once you went on it was over! Your taste sucks!
Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and I told you so!).
@kmac5911: who would win on the golf course @realDonaldTrump or @mcuban Did you ever see Mark swing a club - the power of a little girl!
One season ends and another starts.  Already casting for the next @ApprenticeNBC. Great news for charity--$13 million so far.
.@Omarosau2019s new name via @DennisRodman: u201cMs. Saboteuru201d sounds rather elegant. #CelebApprentice
Obamau2019s job approval is at 37%, a record low. @GOP &amp; @SpeakerBoehner have the leverage &amp; momentum. Delay ObamaCare for all Americans!
@eminofficial  Emin, your performance at Miss Universe was fantastic - you are a STAR!
Surprise? 1970u2019s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as todayu2019s global warming 
.@sternshow My interview with Howard Stern this morning!  
Congratulations to @Likud_Party MK @dannydanon on being offered Deputy Defense Minister of IDF by @IsraeliPM @netanyahu.
@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump 2014 is a big year for Apprentice too! 10 years ago this January it started! So true, amazing!
.@NikWallenda #Skywire As much credit as he's been given, he wasnu2019t given enough credit for his incredible feat over Grand Canyon.
u201cGolf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated. It satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. (cont) 
The government will spend over $3.8T this year. The sequester is a pittance of the outlays, less than 2%. Whereu2019s the problem?
@DavidMcClain328    Thanks.
@cjdew67  Thanks!
@jeff__miller  Thanks.
@AlyssaMenasci My honor.
Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.@damacofficial  @dubaiexpo2020
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
@VoiceNationLIVE  Work hard and smart!
Get ready to turn to NBC for CELEBRITY APPRENTICE -- TONIGHT'S SHOW IS GREAT!
@chocolateB4bed  Thanks Michael.
@theRealRyanMatt: @realDonaldTrump i never seen apprentice or shark tank am i a fat loser?  No, just a loser!
Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: u201cNew Obama Scandal Erupts: Trump Targetedu201d 
@BrianSpurr Not too many around!
RT @DoralResort: Thanks! RT @gem3wood: @DonaldJTrumpJr You guys @DoralResort have one hell of a leaderboard. Love this Tournament.
@kylejkrantz True!
Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped.
My performance from last week on David Letterman @Late_Show will be re-aired tonight at 11:35 PM on CBS.
@joannalmoore372: @AceMan65 @realDonaldTrump @Macys its a great shirt and looks great! Trump shirts and ties are my andmy husbands favorite
Remember, Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. DROP@HBO until dopey Bill is canned!
The Trump Doral's @cadillacchamp is Floridau2019s premiere golf-tournament. I'll be there! Tickets available here: 
This just in re: FundAnything and producer Brad Wyman 
@sarah_e_smith9: @realDonaldTrump did AWESOME on Letterman! I just love him! Thanks Sarah!
@RickyMadsen @HeidiMads @Oprah Happy Anniversary Heidi!
Glad to hear @EWErickson has moved over to @FoxNews. Erick is a sharp political analyst.
@DylanHEndlich: I don't understand why @realDonaldTrump wastes his time with fools on Twitter  I don't either (I feel sorry for them?).
@jakewittman   Happy birthday!
The Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it!
@PherreroRaphael: @realDonaldTrump you ready for Miss Universe?  Yes, November 9th in Moscow-will be great!
@MarcPhelan Thank you!
Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set Americau2019s deterrence &amp; stature back by years. Amateurs!
@MakeupArtist121: 1984 cover of @realdonaldtrump #GQ #Magazine @ivankatrump ...One of my main idols I look up to!!u2026 
Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing @VanityFair magazine?
@Jesus_Mohammad: @realDonaldTrump should I get the red Donald trump tie or the blue Donald trump tie??? Get them both at Macy's-thanks!
@MarkAcay: @realDonaldTrump @MichaelKaye_3 @foxandfriends All red necks &amp; bigots.  Actually very smart &amp; a terrific public service-truth!
Iu2019m really saddened to see that @Cher was voted u201cthe 4th ugliest celebrityu201d according to @listverse....
Sources inside @AGSchneidermanu2019s office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss.
Eliot better have a great pre-nupu2014I want to help Silda in her negotiation.
Via @USATODAYsports: u201cLast year, it was Tiger Woods with the walk-offu201d 
@YashKandhari                 n@realDonaldTrump Sir your tweets are truly motivational! Thanks a lot Thank you.
@umman91   Great going, congrats!
@germany28364: @realDonaldTrump You are awesome! Run for president.  Well, we sure do need someone to lead - Washington is a MESS!
Congrats to Miss Universe 2011 @RealLeilaLopes &amp; @Giant great @OsiUmenyiora on their engagement! I am very happy for you both.
Donald Trump to Chris Christie: Donu2019t hire @stuartpstevens 
@politcnews  Thanks--that's Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower.
@Josh_Dobbs: @realDonaldTrump You ROCK Mr.Trump!!!! #USA  Thanks.
Just as I said last October, census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election 
I got George Zimmerman right- watch- 
@notksanymore  I will!
In order to stay competitive in your industry, it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. A great commodity is information.
War on the families. Price of electricity hit record high in October 
@MisterMcFlee Thanks--and good luck!
@TxSi  Happy Birthday!
@GLOBOGUS: @realDonaldTrump You are my biggest inspiration! All the way in Australia but I know you are a great American god bless Thanks!
@lucasnahn Thanks.
@STHRNWAYS: If more people thought like @realDonaldTrump the world would be a better place. #TrumpForPresident2016  Thanks!
@jacobmathews @PiersMorganLive Piers is a good man, even if we disagree with him.
@richardrvaughn  Thanks.
@KWierzba  Never give up--keep at it!
Via @WashTimes by @EmilyMiller: Donald Trump says u2018This country is going to hell in a handbasketu2019 
@stevegpritchett  Thanks Steve!
@Ralphige Thanks!
Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?
@fenwickrx: @realDonaldTrump u201c@NewsOn6: Study: Wind Farms Killed 67 Eagles In Five Years 
@AmeliaLanders_: @realDonaldTrump America needs to listen to what Trump is saying. #TrumpForChange Thanks!
@borland_jim: @realDonaldTrump Can you tell me if there is any retail outlets in Canada that sell your Apparel Will get back to you!
Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost.  @GOP really blew it.
.@AndreaTantarosu2019s radio show is a great addition to talk radio. She is sharp, talented, &amp; great sense of humor. Congratulations.
You are right, the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer!
u201cInterested is interesting. If you remember that simple rule, you will have no trouble making conversation.u201d- Think Like a Billionaire
People do not assume this but more than anything else, I like helping people. Be at Trump Tower at 11 AM today.
Bullshit-Pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and I built it into over 9 bill.
@ChrisStackStacy                      n@realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY it is absolutely a work of art #TRUMP  Thank you.
@mktgdynamo @foxandfriends  Thanks.
@texas4: @realdonaldtrump great speech in Iowa Thank you, it was fun!
@StephenDoody3                   n@realDonaldTrump Do you think Anthony Weiner deserves a 3rd chance?  No.
@bonbon823 @TheTeaParty_net  Thanks!
@piersmorgan   Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama, SHUTDOWN, leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 PM - 10 minutes!
@KeithR69 @Giants True!
Surprised @Eagles signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is  talented but brittle &amp; probably won't last long.
@spewrange Thanks--@HowardStern is great!
Trump: 'Terrible traitor' Snowden embarrassing US  
If US Air &amp; American Airlines are allowed to merge, ticket prices will skyrocketu2014there will  be no competition.
@JackOLoughlin  Thanks.
@DaveyD147  Find work that you love. You have to have passion. That provides motivation.
Congratulations to @netanyahu on his electoral victory.  He will now be the longest serving @IsraeliPM.  A great leader.
.... It is a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
@KeithAsh_KASH   Thanks.
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
@3valuedlogic: @realDonaldTrump the Wall Street Journal believes that China will over take the US in built assets by next year. Question.
Must read @AmSpec article by Jeffrey Lord: u201cThe Ruling Class Liberty Medalu201d 
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
With fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at MSG. #WWEHOF 
@ilevitan.  Number one rated hotel in Toronto--and getting even better!  Best wishes.
The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful!
@Austin_Fall: Monetarily, in 2016, we will be in such terrible shape that having @realDonaldTrump as POTUS would be a great idea for U.S.
@ryan211: @realDonaldTrump Hey Donald is this actually you tweeting or just an assistant?  ME!
If the great Si Newhouse were still running @CondeNastCorp, he would fire Graydon Carter immediately- circulation tanking.
@The_ClarkSide: @realDonaldTrump is the man! #TrumpForPresident Thanks!
.@IamStevenT gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever @MissUniverse. Standing ovation!
@Aj_baylor: @realDonaldTrump has the best opinionated tweets about politics in this country Thank you, I agree!
Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but, most importantly, don't buy it. This degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people!
@Atom_Murray: Getting ready for Brian Williams to publicly humilate @realDonaldTrump on national television again.Brian is not smart enough
@jamester49 Good luck.
@tazracet  Thanks.
@DCGiesII: Maybe @realDonaldTrump was right about his course being better than Quail Hollow  Trump National-Charlotte is better than Q.H.
@tomkatz @sternshow  Thanks Tom.
@TruckerSamF: Already thinking about golf 2014...top of the list has to be revamped Doral, World Golf Championship March 3-9 Miami FL
@RayNealRay  Thanks.
@DavidFulop: @realDonaldTrump what is your best piece of advice for someone starting over at 40? Work hard and love what you do!
@_ScumPrincess: @realDonaldTrump is the best person I follow
@BoydDee: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for hosting CelebApp to raise $$ for Charities like @RedCross working in OK now. Kudos 2 @TraceAdkins
After one of the great chokes in the history of sports, it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now!
Congratulations to my friend @RoccoMediate on winning the big golf tournament today!
No investor would be stupid enough to pour their money into the bottomless Vattenfall pit. They totally gave up 
@ForeverMcIn: @realDonaldTrump how much would it take for you to make out with Rosie O'Donnell? One trillion, at least!
@ASanders836: @realDonaldTrump what would you feel about Jeb Bush running for president in 2016? The last thing we need is another Bush!
.@Omarosa is not winning points, being called u201cthe wicked witch of the Mid-Westu201d and most certainly other things. #CelebApprentice
Americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of Obamacare. 
@jeffbuehrle                      n@realDonaldTrump @Macys Really like the ties. Have a handful and they are my favorite. Use them well!
@sellinghomes123: @realDonaldTrump best properties all over the world!
You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember, they all want to be YOU!
@toughnewworld: I may not always agree with @realDonaldTrump statements.. But he does have a good looking line of shirts and ties
@nicolenulton  Thanks--Romney sadly did not resonate!
@Chadfisher3  Thanks.
One of the reasons, I assume, I was inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame is that Vince McMahon and I have the all time highest ratings...
North Korea can't survive, or even eat, without the help of China. China could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us!
Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff!
Just a few days until I keynote at @bobvanderplaatsu2019 @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit in Iowa 
Via @HuffPostPol: u201cDonald Trump: 'Republicans May Be The Worst Negotiators In History'u201dn
Via @FoxSportsGolf: Trump's protu00e9gu00e9 earns US Open spot 
@Anti_Fox_News: @Toure Doesn't @realDonaldTrump have better things to do, Like investigating Ted Cruise? You can't even spell his name!
@Red_Head_Ed @JoseCanseco @thejbrain Thanks Eddie I really appreciate your nice words!
@hellocory: Oh my god the twitter fight between @dannyzuck and @realDonaldTrump  There is no fight with @DannyZuker, he is a nobody!
@Marvelle Thank you--a great compliment.
@MrsDFRizzo7 good thing about Trump..NOT a snob. A straight-arrow w/street sense. Appeals to the masses..a leader all can appreciate Thx.
It's crunch time. This Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC's task will separate the winners from the losers.
I wonder what the late, great Vince Lombardi would say about the Rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled?
@tomeitel @MattAdamsFoL  Great!
The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like Newsweek,soon be dead. Bad list!
How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?
@ace_stef Great, thanks.
@pattilee22   Thanks and good luck.
@DianeJackson9 @anniehepburn Thanks.
u201c@OMAROSA is a bit toxicu201d per @BrandenRoderick. Being a bit PC? #CelebApprentice
The historic $250M renovations at @TrumpDoral are moving on pace. Once complete, @TrumpDoral will be South Floridau2019s premiere resort.
@danielrogerson: @realDonaldTrump would you ever consider opening a hotel in London? I'd certainly stay.  Yes!
@kenzig   Thank you.
Ask yourself, Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
@warrencasselljr: @CTrain_ The truth will soon be revealed and everyone will say @realDonaldTrump was right!   Many people think so!
@mtomassetti22: @realDonaldTrump so should the makers of this documentary be fired? No, but they should state the true facts-no angels!
@Ay_Zimmy: @realDonaldTrump, I'm already persuading my friends to vote for you in 2016, make it happen! Thanks for the confidence!
@TiffanyBrownInc @MacMiller  Not really!
@t_thabane Happy Birthday.
@MsMEGZILLA: @realDonaldTrump - I wish you were President!  But only if you want our country to be great again!
@mattcyr2312: @realDonaldTrump @Gurning_Chimp @bluejoni Wind power is inefficient and a hazard to the environment.
@willowfrantn @BelmontUniv Great!
@WayneEtnyre @TrumpLasVegas Thank you.
@sverriss: @realDonaldTrump what good will killing him/her do? He'll never kill again-and others will start to think about consequences!
@casey1137: @realDonaldTrump can you prove it?  YES!
@grouponegav   Yes, online through Macy's.
@russellwestofa:  I'm a Democrat, have not been your biggest fan, but you made some very good points on the #Davidletterman show tonight.
Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
@yet_another_day: @realDonaldTrump now after that home run derby performance... Who's your pick to win the all star game tonight? American
@DeasWorld: @realDonaldTrump stunning! Wishing you a great success in Mumbai.  Thank you.
@athompson362: Why did I quit following @realDonaldTrump? Twitter is boring without him. I'm back for good!  Everybody comes back!
@1bombasscat: VOTE @realDonaldTrump FOR PRESIDENT! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 #TRUMP16
The Job on CBS, the 15th copy of The Apprentice, was just cancelled - I love it!
When @mcuban had his own show, The Benefactor, it totally u201cbombed!u201d
@c_hanson800   Hi Chris!
@sundayhorse: @realDonaldTrump @thegurleygirl Sad Donald trump isn't president we would not be in this mess!  So true.
......@DailyCaller, @BreitbartNews, @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @gatewaypundit.
@JcoyShox25: I honestly think our next president should be @realDonaldTrump .. People can say what they want but dude seems to have it.
@mikethoms85: @realDonaldTrump with all due respect, Bush did exactly the same thing in Iraq.  You will seldom see me defending Bush.
@EN_Somat: @realDonaldTrump Your Apprentice is so much better than ours in the UK. You're so much better than Alan Sugar! Thanks!
What apology, didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced?
@ari_ana97: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president in 2016, I'll be old enough to vote to put him in office. Wooh! #Trump2016
Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out.
Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who works with you.
@PROestateagent: @realDonaldTrump True! And you are one of them - A great investor.  Thank you.
@ChrisCJackson: @realDonaldTrump I'm pretty sure your wife is cheating on you at this exact second. Sorry, no-one else can satisfy her!
@JediJerad  Thank you.
Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obamau2019s u2018diplomacy.u2019 #SaveSaeed
The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!
@sjp111: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP Dan Amira owes Mr Trump and his wife an apology!  He doesn't have the guts to apologize!
@GeorgePTransue @BW @trumpwinery @EricTrump  Thank you.
Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare!
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare.
Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence. u2013 Pres. Ronald Reagan
@prince1fares A total mess!
Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!
I am very proud of @StephenBaldwin7u2019s performance in the record 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Watch.
Pay attention to details. If you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises.
Via @WTCommunities: Donald Trump to CPAC: Romney 'Didn't Talk Enough About Success'  
FACT u2013 the reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget.
Via @financialpost: u201cClimate changing for global warming journalistsu201d by Lawrence Solomon (cont) 
u201cYou have to have a good reason for doing what youu2019re doing, because people connect with the why.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@PRGirl817                 nWay to go @realDonaldTrump for the big donation to the #VAuction  Thanks.
Looking forward to keynoting @bobvanderplaatsu2019 @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit.  Tickets selling out 
@MS2202  True and true!
@CindyKempl: @realDonaldTrump : Mr Trump, I personally enjoy your tweets! Some are very informative! Thank you for your words of wisdom!
@D4Dufour Thank you, very nice.
@AaronPha_q  Thanks.
Achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. They have an obligation to best themselves.
The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal, especially one that is not complete, is that it shows weakness to the other side
@Kevin_Johnson68 @trapasso2501 Happy Birthday.
Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive. - Think Like a Champion
@NYMag   Wow, numbers are really looking bad at  New York Magazine. While very boring, it is also very biased. Too bad, was once great!
@kstan500. Good luck!
u201cPush yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds.u201d - Larry Bird
Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do?  Here we go!
Donald Trump CPAC Speech: U.S. Is Run By 'Very Stupid People' 
What a great group! 
.@billmaher has continually degraded  Catholic Church on the joke he calls a show 
@TonifReardon @foxandfriends  Thanks.
.@LaToyaJackson &amp; @Omarosa are not likely to become friends u2013ever! #CelebApprentice
@TheRC3  Thanks.
Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms &amp; tornadoes.
Congratulations to my head pro of Trump International Golf Club (Florida) John Nieporte for qualifying for the U.S. Open!  @usopengolf
Sebelius didn't test $635M (probably $1B) ObamaCare website until u201ca couple of days leading up to the launch.u201d 
Has AG Schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? We will find out.
.@nbc has increased @ApprenticeNBC to 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes starting at 9 PM EST
@dawesy_boy: @realDonaldTrump Putin is making O and Kerry look like chumps!
@MSKIBBS1: @realDonaldTrump The only way we can save America in 2016 will be if you run for President. Thank you!
Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and  it's important to inspire confidence.
@TheRealBlakeHo: Donald Trump is a boss. Always Trumpin' people...and Trumpin' the competition. Love it. #CEO
@MaryGraceDH Good!
Al Qaeda terrorist Al Libi was immediately read his rights &amp; is now being treated for u2018pre-existingu2019 medical (cont) 
@Michael__Farkas: @realDonaldTrump can all these people replying please explain why it was so cold last winter?
@Jonzy1523 @TrumpChicago  Thanks, very proud of it.
@latoyajackson  Thanks La Toya!
@StoraxBobac: @realDonaldTrump Remember when you were in the music video On Our Own from #Ghostbusters II? That was awesome.  Yes!
Great column by David Bossie at @BreitbartNews: u201cA Battle Won but the War Continues to Defund ObamaCareu201d 
@zizzy706: @realDonaldTrump let's get your oval ass in that Oval Office. #Trump2016  Thanks, I think!
@DavidRealtorCT: @realDonaldTrump Amazing Interview Mr.Trump,love the fact you didn't sugarcoat the facts. Thank you Sir.
@smithg_: @realDonaldTrump should run for president next election RT #Trump4Prez   Thanks for such nice words.
@PHLBaseballNsdr: .@realDonaldTrump @ForeverMcIn I'm voting for you whether you officially run or not! Trump for Prez and Christie for VP.
.@THEGaryBusey survives another week of All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Gary is shifty and playing to win.
@cynthiawebster He had very bad advice.
Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend.  Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
@AllenWronowski: @suzywhaley @ThePGAofAmerica @realDonaldTrump For the week, # for Junior PGA Championship is #2103JuniorPGA at Trump DC
@michael74085825   Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-)
@Miranda__Phoebe: @realDonaldTrump graduated from @Wharton (the School of Champions). Great school, true!
This weeku2019s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features another memorable Board Room rumble between @piersmorgan &amp; @OMAROSA.
@AgalarovAras   I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW!
Our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in Afghanistan are ending up with terrorists 
@RandyRolph: @realDonaldTrump Shelly Kulwin says your a lyin' dog Mr. Trump. Shelly Kulwin is a really bad lawyer who lost big today(fool)
@twinmama85: I love the faux confidence gives people on Twitter...your haters would never say these things to your face.Not haters,losers!
I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprentice
@NiyaFiya: @realDonaldTrump I love your honesty! #YourNotFired lol  Thank you.
@mcuban is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also!
Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement 
You have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus, keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent.
Itu2019s Thursday. @billmaher is still a very dumb guy--just look at his past.
How did Snowden, with not even a high school education, get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave, or sold, those records-traitor!
John Menard of Menards home improvement stores in Midwest treats employees horribly -- should they form a union?  
@JamesKlatt: @realDonaldTrump moral of this story: guns (when used correctly) save lives! TRUE!
@JoelKrautter   Very good Joel!
@CCV77   Thanks, very nice.
@TigerWoods GREAT playing, you are the best!
Whereu2019s the press?  1,484: 72% of Afghan Casualties Have Occurred Under Obama 
@TimLeman: @realDonaldTrump What was one thing others underestimated about you?  That I never give up!
.@GiulianaRancic &amp; @nickjonas are co-hosting Miss USA 2013 -- Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC. @JonasBrothers will be performing. Tune in!
My Twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators.
...Those stupid people bought @mcuban's company (of which he owned a piece).
@luwfcrule: @realDonaldTrump When will Apprentice USA be back on UK TV? jealous of not being able to watch it like you are in the USA. SOON
@TheSisko: @realDonaldTrump you HAVE to run on 16. Thanks!
u201cA very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligentu201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@madkins79: @realDonaldTrump Hey Donald, we love you in Florida!  Florida is great!
No surprise, serial sexter Anthony continues to be a sick pervert. He was sexting a 'young' girl last summer 
.@THEGaryBusey returns to @CelebApprentice All-Stars this season. His streak of chaos and havoc continues!
@Slucas8Lucas: I wish you would run for Pres.. We need someone with a big pair to help un-screw our countries future. Do it for children
@lcamp34  Thanks.
Really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # CPAC2013. I look forward to it!
Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it! @CondeNastCorp
@FloydMayweather  GREAT FIGHT FLOYD - YOU SHOWED THEM ALL ONCE AGAIN!
.@mcuban, you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also!
@MarkEaston777   Keep figthing, don't let the windfarms destroy your property and life!
On Jimmy Fallon tonight.
@aaronrupe33: @realDonaldTrump no ones scared of you donald  You are very wrong!
Come celebrate Thanksgiving in the Windy City at @TrumpChicagou2019s 5 Star, 5 Diamond Sixteen restaurant 
@JVince81: @bforrealstevens  GovChristie @realDonaldTrump That tie is awesome. I need that tie. Where can I get it?  MACY'S
Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard.
@Brock2120: @realDonaldTrump Watch Donald, I'm a huge fan but a huuuuuge Bills fan. Painful loss. A tough one to take!
What would All-Star @ApprenticeNBC be w/out a Baldwin? @StephenBaldwin7 is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy.
@Dattan78: @realDonaldTrump thank you for supporting the #wwe back in the early days and now can't wait to see you inducted @WrestleMania
@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Any truth to the rumor you bought some of your 2.1mil followers?  No,I'm too cheap!
@jdmael Watch what happens, dummy--it won't be pretty.
Frankly, for a writer, I donu2019t think @DannyZukeru2019s stuff is good. In fact, itu2019s terrible.
@JLsmoothh: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate everything you've done in my lifetime  Thank you Justin!
Eliot Spitzeru2019s illegal, frivolous &amp; over reaching harassment of Hank Greenberg at AIG played a major part in 2008 financial meltdown.
@tcasson21: @realDonaldTrump craig ferguson called you a bad person the other day? what is your opinion of him?  Who is Craig Ferguson?
Last nightu2019s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
Hope &amp; Change. Millions are losing their healthcare plans, &amp; ObamaCare is taking cancer patientsu2019 doctors away 
China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad.
Ernie Els and myself at Trump National Doral. 
With @IvankaTrump and crew at the start of a new @DoralResort. 
Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask, what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp; time-go get a job!
Thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice!
My @foxandfriends re: the sequestration, failure of leadership in DC, China playing us &amp; taking over in 2016 
@ClevelandGuy70: @realDonaldTrump Sunday 9pm-11pm on NBC is the best TV of the week...Love the show Mr Trump #CelebApprentice  Thanks!
@GorgesSteven: @realDonaldTrump run for president please!
... but @billmaher is allowed to say that about me.
Obamau2019s proposed budget has another middle class tax hike 
@josegonzalez_69: @realDonaldTrump You have my vote and I'm a Democrat!(Albeit a Conservative one)  Thanks Joe.
Our very stupidly run Country better stop being so politically correct or we won't have a Country to run anymore!
Congratulations to @EmilyMiller, @mboyle1 &amp; @NolteNC on making @FishbowlDCu2019s list of 10 Journos You Don't Want to Fight on Twitter.
Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev. @BillyGrahamu2019s birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him!
Hypocrite. Watch Senator Obama defend democratic debate' of Senate filibuster rules in 2005  
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you'll be a success. - A. Schweitzer
In a new poll a majority of people felt  the president knowingly lied about health care pledge. Who are the fools who don't think he lied?
@BidwellP: @realDonaldTrump Are you supporting Chinese child labor? Only at The Masters!
The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice with @StephenBaldwin.  Stephen does great.
@MurrayDavidCole: @realDonaldTrump We need someone with a clue, someone who knows business to pull us out of this hole. We need Mr. Trump!
@osaFoLmiK  Thank you.
@BollingsBalls   But I know @ericbolling and think he would do really well-tough, smart and a good guy!
@Jenil93_: @realDonaldTrump No melting of ice caps in the degree that global warming predicted. On the contrary increased ice in Antarctica
Looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what New York City needs - and he will revert back to form, always do!
Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of @LateNightJimmy...
@AleksyDaSexy: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for you for president  Thank you.
@MdAhGOD Not much, it's too easy!
@jannunz7: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump... Please run in 2016 and try and Save our Beautiful... Precious County..!! God Bless.
@pskibbe: @realDonaldTrump Saw editorial on TV. Forcing whites out of their properties &amp; throwing them into the streets with nothing.
Leaving today for California to inspect my fantastic golf course &amp; club on the Palos Verdes peninsula. Big success. 
@ellis38671w Thanks--work hard &amp; good luck.
@Ginny14974                 n@realDonaldTrump  the Arab league should be taking care of this, not us.  100% correct
@amieburton2010 @Tommyguns11 Thanks Amie.
@CBauer71: I would pay to see @realDonaldTrump debate #Obama!!  OK with me!
@CoolChange80: @realDonaldTrump Are you really calling for the execution of #Snowden .  He is a traitor, absolutely. Others won't follow!
Despite firing @StephenBaldwin7 in last night's All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC, Stephen had strong overall performance this season
@jrmarsy Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!
@LucyInTheSky61: @realDonaldTrump @53andlex Agree completely!! Mr. Trump for President!  Thanks!
@FadiS_83: @realDonaldTrump is the man,never heard such wise words. #HandsOffSyria.  SMART!
@_KatherineWebb: Looking forward to #MissUSA this weekend in Vegas!  Great to have our former.Miss Alabama!
.@foxandfriends int. on how the Boston thug deserves death penalty, @FBI's great work &amp; firing Brande Roderick 
u201cPartner with people who share your values, attitude and drive.u201d u2013 Midas Touch with @theRealKiyosaki
@wrightmomof3 @iansomerhalder @paulwesley @joshduhamel @Zak_Bagans  Happy Birthday Tiffany.
The 2013 MISS UNIVERSEu00ae Pageantnwill take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest.
@Crystal_Joanna: @realDonaldTrump That's because you bring clout to anything you do Mr. Trump...Remain blessed! Thanks, really nice!
The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice.  Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1
@NickDallman: @realDonaldTrump did an awesome job on David Letterman! Thanks!
When somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough!
@Hantas88 Not even a little bit--thanks.
@RobRosales1   Thank you Rob!
Unlike U.S., China taxes things made in the U.S. and sold in China. China demands plants, we donu2019t. Stupid!
We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!
I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE
Yesterday was Matt Drudge's birthday --Happy Birthday @DRUDGE--and great job!
@Ceastwood12: @realDonaldTrump now this should give Bethpage a run for the money in NY Will blow Bethpage away!
u201cPartnerships also require negotiation. It should be a win-win setup. Otherwise, itu2019s not a partnership.u201d u2013 u2018Midas Touch'
@ialia  Great! Just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from Forbes Travel Guide.
If  people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful  at all. --nMichelangelo
@ZDavi14: @realDonaldTrump is too smart. He's the real deal. #RoleModel. Love ya man!  You sound great!
@jennymorris427.  Thanks Jenny.
@JoeQuinn6. Thanks Joe.
.@PiersMorgan is right- he won the show because u201cI know how to play the game.u201d #CelebApprentice
@hussienskaiky: @realDonaldTrump @Drake4444444 Trump Chicago, New York, Miami, Vegas, and the list goes on and on  Thanks!
@Lisa_Smith70                    n A real president wouldn't take a selfie during ANY memorial service. #NelsonMandelaMemorial
These Tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. They had help and assistance from other cell members. Be vigilant and on the lookout.
@Joeisterrific Thanks Joe.
.@BarbaraJWalters   Barbarau2014get better fast &amp; stay healthy forever.
Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open, Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses.
@EricLahti929: @realDonaldTrump @nbc -- I say more Mr. Trump and less everything else on your network! Thanks Eric, many agree!
@managerct25: Would love to get a reply from @realDonaldTrump Huge fan of The Celebrity Apprentice and supporter of Mr. Trump. Thanks!
Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower
32u00ba in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
@iSmoke_POTter: @realDonaldTrump is a genius when's it comes to business  Thank you!
@JXGriffen  Be confident, pay attention--and good luck.
Congrats to @msnbc for firing Martin Bashiru2014donu2019t feel badly, he didnu2019t get ratings anyway. @SarahPalinUSA
@RachelYohee HI!
@steamjetboomer: @realDonaldTrump you gotta start blasting Weiner everyday til he loses!  A total pervert Mayor in NYC would be the end!
Negotiation tip: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a win/win situation.
@DaveEtzler @realDonaldTrump Love your ties at Macy's. Receive many compliments. -- Thanks, they are amazing!
I've been warning about China since as early as the 80u2019s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetTough
@jimmyscissor  Isn't that so true! And by the millions.
Obama-Putin Moscow meeting on 9.3-4 
@best_Is_me: @realDonaldTrump is on a roll and its only 7:10a my time. I love his enthusiasm! If only everyone had his thought process
@BeaumontAnthony: @realDonaldTrump thank you for your investment in the UK Mr trump  Thank you!
@CoolCanuckChick: @realDonaldTrump I thought China was good with the U.S.?  Only if you want no country left!
@PJonCHYM: @realDonaldTrump Other than yourself - what's the ONE reason why I should watch #CelebApprentice this season?? Gary B.
Sexual pervert &amp; deviant Anthony Weiner is polling to see if he can run for NYC Mayor...
@Erita234: @realDonaldTrump I really do respect your views as a republican!  Great.
Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records!
@kingsfansouth: @realDonaldTrump I usually agree with you, not tonight. Stop criticizing The President.I will when he makes good decisions
@akmackey   So true!
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with @ChelseaClinton and Pres. Clinton.  Glad she is recuperating.
u201cGet to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in todayu2019s world.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
They changed the name from u201cglobal warmingu201d to u201cclimate changeu201d after the term global warming just wasnu2019t working (it was too cold)!
When you think big, you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big.
If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare, our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL
Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
@ourjuicejourney: @realDonaldTrump plz run for prez!!! You would win!!!  Thanks for the confidence!
@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Why is Anthony Weiner attempting to run for Mayor ? Because he is delusional!
Congratulations to @newtgingrichu200e on being signed to co-host @CNN Crossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker.
In that @TimeWarner has @HBO with really dumb racist  Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb), and no CBS (which fired Bryant), I am switching bldgs.
Thanks Go Angelo, people are now really aware of my ties, shirts, and cuff links at Macy's-
@Ludlow_Matthew: First time in @TrumpTowerNY and in NYC, and was one place I'm glad I didn't miss! Beautiful building and a must see place!
.@Yankees Kevin Youkilis is off to a terrific start. Heu2019s less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free A-Rod.
Why should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families?  With premiums rising at record levels, it is not equitable.
@MCdex207: See, @realDonaldTrump isn't as bad as people think. Great interview with @LateShow #goodguy
u201cAlways strive to outdo yourself.u201d u2013 Think Big
@BowlingMatthew: Andrew Carnegie was the Donald Trump of early 1900's. He didn't take crap from anybody. A great compliment!
@freeillinois  Yes.
@bguzqueda Thanks Boris, good luck.
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
.....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance, Success!
u201cPride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems.   - Think Big
Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said I'm really good at killing people according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize?
@AllenWronowski: @TrumpGolfDC did a wonderful job with the opening dinner for #2013juniorPGA. Food and room were fantastic - Thanks.Allen!
@brandonarantes  That's right, hard work it is. But worth it.
In light of Boston, immigration legislation will be much harder to get.
@Lurdkberry Thanks.
@JFSargent: I feel like that last tweet by @realDonaldTrump is gonna be a good one to have on record.  Yeah, for me!
@IanRambally   Great going!
@YoungBasedGod_g: @realDonaldTrump your dad gives good brain?? Damn  It's called genes!
Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!
Via @DailyCaller: Donald Trump: Obama should golf w/ Republicans, not his u2018local friendsu2019 
Always nice to see the terrific @mariamenounos at the #WWEHOF. 
Dopey @billmaher is in for a lot of troubleu2014I hope he has $5 million (for charity).
u201cDonu2019t find fault. Find a remedy.u201d u2013 Henry Ford
@denicarter  Very nice Denise, thank you.
.@VanityFair could come back if Graydon Carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorp
@RealKyleMorris  You will love it!
u201cYou want to compete, and you want to compete at the highest level.u201d - @boonepickens
@Subhana_Anwar: whenever I feel down and feel like giving up I simple go to @realDonaldTrump twitter page.
@Maybach_Zach. Thanks.
@TuleTwilight  Interesting!
@PennyStocksBlog You are 100% correct - thank you!
@BeccaPiano: @realDonaldTrump You look so FORCEFUL on you're book cover! That's what we, America's women, admire about you.
@Iamgrizzly1974: @realDonaldTrump Furthermore, as we continue to send our assets to foreigners we will become a 3rd world country.Must stop
u201cThe more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience.u201d - Midas Touch
@coollikeelvis: @realDonaldTrump Welcome to Vancouver! Hope you enjoy your stay.  Thanks!
@jamie461: @realDonaldTrump @thedailyshow Looking forward to watching him destroy you again while we all laugh. He wouldn't have a chance!
@jrkirk22 Thanks.
@VineCulture: RT @realDonaldTrump: .@WineEnthusiast awarded Trump Vineyardu2019s Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine V.
@YadiraTriunfo: @realDonaldTrump is an inspiration to our management and staff always motivating us to do more for our members. THANKS!
@FelixNunez249: @realDonaldTrump congrats! The Bronx will never be the same again, it will be better!! So true!  Thanks.
@tbclem2: @realDonaldTrump where will Dwight Howard sign? Will he join your pal @mcuban  The best fit for him would be Houston!
@KevinwArchie   Thanks.
Rated Torontou2019s #1 hotel, the 65-story 5 Star @TrumpTO is located in the heart of the cityu2019s finest attractions 
@sonnset2  He knows the best place!
This assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #CelebApprentice
@msaid10: @realDonaldTrump did you help?  YES!
@Nautilus916 True!
RT @RealBHorowitz: @VinceMcMahon @realDonaldTrump @WWE My two favorite billionaires!
Is it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow, what a miscarriage of justice that would be!
@TSeay18 Find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. Then focus and never give up!
@joeypiazza   Way less - and you are soooo stupid!
@Derrick503 The golden rule of negotiation = He who has the gold makes the rules. Read Art of the Deal &amp; How To Get Rich.
@tdragonfly Fight hard, they are horrible!
Via @scotsmandotcom: u201cDonald Trump hires top lawyer for wind farm battleu201d 
@DickDarkey @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  Watch next week!
@FreetownSpurs: @realDonaldTrump going to New York for first time in November.Any recommendations which hotel to stay?  Trump Int.-1 CPW.
u201cNever think of learning as a burden. It may require some discipline, but it prepares you for a new beginning.u201du2013 Think Like a Champion
I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs!
Let me sum this up for you... 
Benghazi. Obama lied. Our people died.
@tdudz5: @realDonaldTrump you r the most honest and real person on twitter. Twitter was invented for Trump! Thanks, very nice!
.@DennisRodman must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice
@GiovaChris: @SammartinoBruno: @realDonaldTrump and I backstage at WWE Hall of Fame. A great man and good friend. 
Obama Spurns Trump Offer to Foot White House Tours 
Located in Tribeca, each @TrumpSoHo hotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower Manhattan 
I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner, and both lost. For a while, when Spitzer was way up, it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power
@misskhan  Happy Birthday.
@Nicole52008: @realDonaldTrump is the man! He shows you what can happen when you work hard. #livintheAMERICANdream
@adb1707 @TrumpTowerNY @THEGaryBusey Good point!
Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news.
@JGrant_Realtor  Thank you!
@asiandave89 Thanks David!
@ChrisCannizzo7: @realDonaldTrump great appearance!  Thanks.
@windwatchorg: No more wind turbines, county tells province:Wind farm developers should look elsewhere than Duffe... 
@scheekster: @realDonaldTrump @trumpgolfla it is an amazing place! Will be playing there in a tournament June 3 can't wait!  Win!
@BeaumontAnthony: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump I agree thank Mr trump fantastic golf in the UK you have built
@mandielaurin Good!
South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid!
China is about to acquire 82,800 net acres of a Texas shale oil and gas field 
@JohnSSaba It will be great--thanks.
@Chef_KayyArrDee Wow--great! Thanks.
@Goofyname  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC.
Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?
Losers and haters,even you, as low and dumb as you are, can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed!
@Obomination1 @GoAngelo @macy Thanks.
@JAKESTADGANGSTA Thanks Jake.
@Greenolive_r: @mcuban is trumping the trumpster himself @realDonaldTrump  Where do you live, moron.
@stenbizzle @Tomdoggy True and thanks.
Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work.
Five Star @TrumpCondosLV are the most luxurious &amp; elite residences in the Vegas market 
Patience is the greatest of all virtues. -- Cato
@griffithspb  Thanks.
@growingupbryce Happy Birthday!
Shocker: study reveals that @msnbc is completely biased while @FoxNews is factual 
@fvb123: @realDonaldTrump You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. - Churchill
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice
@lalatweetface: @realDonaldTrump we want you to run again in 2016! You'd be great with picking this country back up again
@pennjillette &amp; @AdamRifkinu2019s u201cDirectoru2019s Cutu201d has 4 days to go until it meets its @fundanything goal 
@BahuksanaMPH: @realDonaldTrump agreed, he did the crime now he needs to do the time..face the music....Trump For President 2016
Via @Newsmax_Media: Maher Being Sued by Trump Over Birth Certificate Bet on 'Tonight Show' 
Will be doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
u201cThe Conservative does not despise government. He despises tyranny. - @marklevinshow
@pencey_mouth: remember when donald trump blocked me. i'm proud of myself  NO, YOU'RE A LOSER!
@DannyZuker @AndyRichter Danny, you're not having fun, you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal?
u201cYou owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much.  The Art of The Deal
u201cDefiniteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.u201d - W. Clement Stone
Via @FurnitureToday by Cindy W. Hodnett: u201cDorya to introduce Trump Home high-end furnitureu201d 
@ILOVEBRITNEY_7: @realDonaldTrump could you run for president ? We need you!  We need someone!
Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen
@philip711: @realDonaldTrump I think when you go on the @sternshow those are the best interviews  Howard and I have fun!
@makenzie_means: I remember when @realDonaldTrump said #AnthonyWeiner would do this again! Love it!
@Greek_Boy_21: @realDonaldTrump if we don't defund #Obamacare the USA will never have the freedom. we will be controlled by our Government
@swooshl31: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP for president !!!!  Well, our Country would become very rich, very fast....and then, lot's of good!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M.
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead.  No answers!
Obama believes Benghazi is a u201cphony scandal.u201d  Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists.
@VINnipuncture Great idea, I will ask her!
@Tokodi1  See Trump Tower!
Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial.
Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households.  With Obama Care taxes kicking in now, everyone will be paying for his 2nd term.
Bring in 2014  @TrumpSoHo's  NYE soireu00e9 -- NYC's most exclusive New Year's Eve Party w/SoHi &amp; @VeuveClicquot 
NO GAMES! HOUSE @GOP MUST DEFUND OBAMACARE! IF THEY DONu2019T, THEN THEY OWN IT!
@kevin47881: @realDonaldTrump The 0bama presidency has been a disaster for America
@RogerRainier: .@nathsky Good to hear. That's what this article says too. Did you see this? 
u201cDiscovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@BillDaley1   True!
u201cGolfer bids $130,000 for round with Donald Trumpu201d in Scotland for charity 
This Sundayu2019s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC will be tough &amp; nasty. Be sure to watch @pennjillette &amp; @TraceAdkins fight to the finish!
Via @Mediaite: Trump to @gretawire: Sequester Cuts Donu2019t Go Far Enoughu2019 
@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump, do you support the death penalty?  YES!
It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!
@JAMES_G_W  Dummy, I never went bankrupt.
My @extratv interview discussing @Rosie's new baby, my acceptance of @billmaher's $5M offer &amp; hiring @_KatherineWebb 
Wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. It's something you can't teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own.
@christinefox02  See you later.
@FakeBriWilliams   Thank you!
@TheSportsSwede You are so stupid!
@realjosepineda: @realDonaldTrump on the Fresh Prince!! Classic episode 
@mikeyv24: What an awful piece on #realsports about @realDonaldTrump HBO should be ashamed. #trump2016  Very dishonest piece by racist Gum
@Dawson304  True!
I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble!
@jojo81466: @realDonaldTrump born on flag day?? See you were meant to be president!!  I guess that's.right!
Via @NorthvillePatch: Donald Trump to Speak in Novi This May 
@SStew3: @realDonaldTrump we have NO leadership  No kidding!
I canu2019t believe @Denver_Broncos allowed final touchdownu2014dumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football.
I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven.
The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami, Trump National Doral.
@carlotalorenabr: The fact that @realDonaldTrump is considering a presidential run makes me so excited
@HayJayP26   Work hard!
A great victory in Scotland ... 
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget.  Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
@tuserious854 The Art of the Deal is a good start.
@Lennydrew              n@realDonaldTrump I really appreciate your tweets with excerpts from your books. It starts the day off right!  Thx
Job tip: If you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.
@WilsonLeeFlores Thanks Wilson.
@ReZ_Boom: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president I would so support him!Thanks Grady!
@willise2n: @realDonaldTrump u r a hero to us in Nigeria/ Africa. Wen r u visiting us nxt? It wld be a dream come true to meet  Really nice
@99awesomeone: @realDonaldTrump How about Wrestlemania 30 Donald vs Vince?!?! #WM30Sounds good to me, I already hold the record!
@Icallbullsh_t   Please send info to 725  Fifth Ave, N.Y. 10022.  Thanks.
@hasantaleb: If @realDonaldTrump was The President all our problems would be fixed. We would be doing great!
Wow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming, I mean climate change!
@willdavenport1 Great, thanks.
Itu2019s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if I say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.
@KobayashiNick: @realDonaldTrump do you have to retweet the only people who actually give you a complement? Should I retweet haters-losers?
@theFAMiLYLEADER   It was great being with you last night - fantastic people, and Bob V is special!!!
@dsing33: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump who will run the Trump empire when Trump Sr is president?
@RebeccaErin_   They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys?
@smickiwench @MELANIATRUMP No, beautiful and really sweet and nice.
Health insurance premiums are rising by double digits 
@ArsenioHall    You were fantastic last night on Celebrity Apprentice - everybody loved you!
China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military &amp; R&amp;D. Robs us blind daily.#timetogettough
@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump Donald, if U don't RUN in '16, we will be stuck with Hillary. Would you do that to us? Make it Trump '16.
My interview w/ @WendyWilliams on @WendyShow discussing @MichelleObama's bangs &amp; All-Star @CelebApprentice 
I went to Wharton, made over $8 billion, employ thousands of people &amp; get insulted by morons who canu2019t get enough of me on twitter...!
@macgecko: @wsquared58 @realdonaldtrump @fastfranky5 @macy @goangelo Actually the first of many Trump ties because of look, feel, quality
@tsecor Sorry, have to be a member.
@curryslap: Hey @realDonaldTrump .. your getting bashed by @TheRevAl about the lawsuit! RevAl is just conning his way through life!
Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!
@MannyMaCoo: I may not agree with some of his politics, but @realDonaldTrump is a phenomenal business man. So true!
Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count.
@kyleraccio: @KyleMcCall4 Thank you. @realDonaldTrump warned for a year now about windfarms - Salmond is a moron
.@AS_ScienceGuy                     n@realDonaldTrump Thank you for all your support of @autismspeaks Great new breakthroughs. Fantastic!
@UltimateFrieza: @realDonaldTrump UK's apprentice is so below par. Sugar is boring to watch. Watch the US version for the real deal.TRUMP!
@conservativeJT: @bluejoni @realDonaldTrump Trump is an American that will pay more taxes in one year than you pay in your entire life.
I don't get @billmaher and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past!
.@VattenfallGroup will never solve the issues with the Ministry of Defense. Besides, they smartly just left the project.
Seems like the teams are surprised when @THEGaryBusey comes back. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey and one of his Busey-isms:  u201cArt is only the search, it is not the final form.u201d #CelebApprentice
@Drake4444444: Youre welcome. We did it! @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spit-
@misskhan Very nice--thanks again.
@DJColes1 Great! Good luck.
Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already!
Video in honor of the 100th Anniversary  of the Anti-Defamation League (ADL):  u201cImagine a World Without Hateu201d 
@USAF_Classy_Guy: @ArsenioHall Sept 9, 2013...who will be first? I am sure @realDonaldTrump could be on that list Arsenio will choose!
@Debonairo That is true!
@GovMikeHuckabee Great being on your show--see you soon!
@Bayojay: u201c@realDonaldTrump: u201cAfter every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.u201d - Think Bigu201d  True!
@OCAmericans: I only watch @NBC once a week to watch @realDonaldTrump's Apprentice.  Great!
@LetendreLarry Thanks Larry.
@Sophiesmom78  I will!
@kerim322: @realDonaldTrump @msaid10 suddenly I was just motivated with Donald Trump, without any reason.
@Dexter_Cn: @realDonaldTrump President Trump sounds good to me  I'll tell you one thing, the country would be back on top again!  Thanks.
@denicarter: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrumpFdn @StJude @EricTrump Your children are GREAT role models and you are a terrific Dad. xxx
Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!
@JUrciuoli19 Justin, it will be on in the Fall - the cast will be great!
u201cSure, the home-field is an advantage - but so is having a lot of talent.u201d - @DanMarino
@Peruvianmuse @CPACnews  Great!
@jguer042: Good morning @realDonaldTrump. Started reading Think Big yesterday and already almost finished. Thank you for writing it Thanks
#1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
@Blueyez1214: @realDonaldTrump Please Dont ,,,as I do LOVE NY like you do,,your not a Governor,,,your a President  Cute!
@NedDust: @realDonaldTrump bush was ur boy  Wrong!
@tfore4 Our clubhouse on the North Sea. 
Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight!
@Insanepricing  Lots and yes.
@_AJPerez @WWE @VinceMcMahon I hope so!
The fact that we are here today to debate raising Americau2019s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. - Sen. Obama, 3/16/06
@JaylonSeales
People love @LilJon! 
.@DianneG @WCNC  To the u201cnews bigsu201d --  elevate Dianne Gallagher  immediatelyu2014she is terrific!
I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah-- he's saying to himself what was I thinking?
@dtcairney Great success!
@madisonjar  Yes.
If you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect, critics will be harmless. Keep your focus!
@TheMayorMatt My father, Fred C. Trump.
@DianeJackson9 Look at the solution, not the problem--and never give up.
Weak newscasters are asking is there a racial component to knockout attacks? Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse!
@LeCirqueNYC  Thanks Sirio--great food!
Lightweight shakedown artist AG Eric Schneiderman was exposed in todayu2019s New York Post editorial  
Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on!
@Stinger_Inc: @realDonaldTrump Would you ever return to Toronto? You're very much respected by all over here (including myself) Great City
@RogerBiles @EricLahti929 @nbc   Thanks!
You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings!
Good news - @AFPhq is going to fight back against Roveu2019s attack on the Tea Party 
Via @411mania: Donald Trump Comments on a Return to Wrestling 
@scmaness Thanks!
.@MELANIATRUMP just finished being on @theviewtv--by any standard, she was great!
Via @thehill: Trump warns GOP moving too fast on immigration reform 
Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base.
@homeedmam I wish him the best of luck.
Be focused, be disciplined, be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
@RassilonsArmy Not even close dummy, he is strictly small time.
When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program, here's my advice: Distrust, dismantle and verify. - @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
Last October on @meetthepress, @chucktodd attacked @jack_welch and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize?
@chriswerner1988  Great--thank you!
With @stuartpstevens expected to represent @GovChristie in the Presidential race, Chris will have a very hard time winning.
@VirginiaDG: #ProudToBeAFanOf very successful and inspiring @realDonaldTrump
@leatherneck03  Thanks and good luck!
Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly, she is as guilty as it gets
Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed   website. In fact, why didn't he use them in the first place!
@Tjryyyan: @realDonaldTrump Did you enjoy the experience you had with @WWE  Yes, had a great time!
@thatBrody: @realDonaldTrump The @SternShow would never have @DannyZuker on. A.) Not funny enough. B.) Not famous enough. C) Hates losers.
Set your sights and aim high. You never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it. - Midas Touch
Go with your gut. Take chances. If you think you have the ingredients that you need, take chances, because your biggest successes...
@benjamin_abey: @realDonaldTrump @mcuban @dallasmavs So? what the fuck is your problem ? The people love him. Nobody loves him!
On Fifth Avenue, the iconic @TrumpTowerNY is one of NYC's most heavily visited tourist attractions 
@spsmith78   So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says?
@ThomRipley: I got some @realDonaldTrump ties. The quality is unparalleled at that price point.
@Sheriffbrody @antbaxter Scotland course held up to storm very well.
@rick_huebner: @realDonaldTrump My son Joey survived leukemia. He is is now 13. Thank you Make-a-Wish and NCCF for everything they did.
@chris_l54: @realDonaldTrump @mcuban Hadn't even heard of 'the benefactor' til Donald mentioned it. Big fail.. Donald wins the TV war.
@piersmorgan. Thanks Piers, you helped make it so!
@RSPBScotland must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in @Aberdeenshire. @alexsalmond
We should stay the hell out of Syria, the rebels are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO
@HeatherMama3: I watched the @realDonaldTrump on #Letterman Great interview, this man knows how its done. Pure class! He has my vote.
@Thaddalicious: @realDonaldTrump should be president, he knows what he is talking about #rolemodel  Thank you!
@bethosborne14 Thanks.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination.
@MC21701: @realDonaldTrump @jeff_lip is it true that it was your idea for Steve to name his company Wynn, or is that urban legend?I helped
@Numerologynow: @realDonaldTrump U R RICH because your #DADDY left U with 400 Million. I only wish my daddy left me 400M loser-Now over 10B
@ericjgiroux: @realDonaldTrump you need to make a run  Time will tell!
@sufferlonger: What??? @realDonaldTrump has his own NY State Park? This guy is everywhere! 
@fultonrm @billmaher  I will.
Iu2019m impressed -- both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. #CelebApprentice
@ShawnGarrett   I should have many Emmys for The Apprentice if the process were fair-in any event, it's not my day job.                    ,
@Jamyawh. Thanks, great.
How can NYS allow lightweight @AGSchneiderman to remain in office? What are JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions waiting on? 
Glad to hear @BrentBozell, @marklevinshow, @EWErickson &amp; @TPPatriots are standing up to @KarlRoveu2019s attack on the Tea Party.
@JTFoxx   True and thanks!
@salefisher - Jordan is great!
@jaymiller283: @realDonaldTrump @jenconservative We need a strong minded POTUS in office before we enter into another war.
.@JoselynMartinez is a very brave woman who caught her father's killer 
@Beliefheals: @realDonaldTrump Working on my Midas Touch plan re: the fund anything reward! You are my favorite entrepreneur! Thanks.
.... to help McConnell, who spoke right after him.u201d@BreitbartNews
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. - Henry Ford
Wow, Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in Toronto! @TrumpToronto
I am very impressed by @dennisrodman. His return to this seasonu2019s @ApprenticeNBC  showed who Dennis really is--which is very good.
@JonC316: @realDonaldTrump Jags GM stated he would not take Tebow, even if released. Can he go back in that statement?!?  He should!
@nyc_bos: @realDonaldTrump - when are you going to announce your bid for 2016??  Thanks for your nice thoughts-our Country is a mess!
You must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent!
The Boston terrorist thugsu2019 mother is also a radical.  I am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly.
@E_Chenault07: If @realDonaldTrump was just in charge of our countries economic decisions we would be back on track.
China is buying gas fields in Texas 
@NJWineGeek: @realDonaldTrump but Jon Stewart has a much higher IQ.  Wrong, Jon Stewart(?) is an obnoxious lightweight with a lower I.Q.
@OneAndOnlyRiz: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond Way to go Alex for releasing terrorists. How do you sleep at night? To the sound of death!
@RocRx: RT @realDonaldTrump Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism. @autismspeaks    GREAT!
@ryanrockefelker Thank you.
@WWEfan123444  Good luck.
.@michellemalkin &amp; @BuzzFeedAndrew: u201cVaccine court awards millions to two autistic children damaged by vaccineu201d 
@TWIWRadio: @realDonaldTrump Will we ever see Trump run in 2016? #AskDonaldTrump
@MrWayneRock: @EricTrump @IvankaTrump Where Fred Christ Trump (father of The Donald) started THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. Never saw-Really great
Alabama people are saying their team has real football &amp; real girlfriendsu2014not good for Notre Dameu2014but theyu2019ll be back!
@BillageT1 I agree.
@DaLynxBk: Is it true @realDonaldTrump @Forbes: Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa  I'm right!
@Randirobics  Yes, it will be amazing.
@chris_l54    Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest!
.@DennisRodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. #CelebApprentice
@preewbrfu1  Wind turbines are a disaster!
@BuseyFoundation @THEGaryBusey Thanks Gary, it was great having you on the show, may your foundation spend the money well.
Trump at CPAC: 'We Have to Get the Momentum Back' 
I look forward to Saturday night and being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
Glad to hear @ehasselbeck will be staying on @theviewtv. Elizabeth has great presence &amp; doesnu2019t back down from sharing her views.
u201cBe sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.u201d - Abraham Lincoln
@Eamyoncanoe: @realDonaldTrump Monnin was given an opportunity I'd give anything to have and in exchange she went for the cheap shot! True.
According to @pewresearch, 2/3 of Mexican LEGAL immigrants do not pursue citizenship because of u2018no interestu2019 
@gdelag: @realDonaldTrump @rodmonium91 Just ck how many followers have each follower.  But I notice you follow loser-boredom without Trump!
@STshizzle: I sure wished @AC360 would do a live tweet for tweet special on @DannyZuker and @realDonaldTrump. They would get better ratings
Terrible economic numbers released today. US GDP only grew 0.4% during Oct-Dec 2012 quarter 
@scootysee My pleasure.
@kelsey_2155: hey @realDonaldTrump you're my fav  Thanks.
u201cHard work is my personal method for financial success.  You can do it, too.u201d - Think Big
@LIgal629: @realDonaldTrump @mr_al_131 was a great show best yet congrats
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Goethe
Wow, a really great review of my golf club in Scotland, @TrumpScotland, in todaysgolferco.uk. Thank you! 
If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America.  He is escaping justice!
@sirtyro   Thank you!
@mrbocce: @realDonaldTrump This Red Sox fan says let 'em keep paying!  Boston.must be very happy!
@erinstockwell.  Thanks.
My people caught the person who committed forgery of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?
@Subhana_Anwar   It's easy, just think of haters as losers with.little imagination and even less understanding of success-and very lazy!
@peaceloveandmeg: but when you're in a beauty contest ran by @realDonaldTrump , all the contestants are republican. Bad grammar (run).
Amazingu2026 @VattenfallGroup tried to destroy Aberdeen.
The ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down, people canu2019t sign up and elderly canu2019t understand the lingo.
.@CelebApprentice Flashback: u201cWhat @bretmichaels Learned from the 'Rock Star of Real Estate'u201d 
@Itsbrttanybitch  Thanks and good luck.
I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic, hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight!
@scheekster: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfLA and an awesome restaurant!  Thanks.
@jonyeong Don't be a fool.
Stop and frisk works.  Instead of criticizing @NY_POLICE Chief Ray Kelly, New Yorkers should be thanking him for keeping NY safe.
@ChrisFornari: @realDonaldTrump @CNBC #trumptuesdays were the best! This country needs you to speak up for what is going right and wrong!
@ChrisSuprun @rjchoppy But didn't he bet on his own team--he paid the price.
@Hunterboss1996: @realDonaldTrump Trump really knows what he's talking about. Everyone is just too jealous to listen. Lol. Thank you!
@johndoe5210: @realDonaldTrump @NFLONFOX , Great. I don't always agree with you but I always respect you. Thank you.
My @gretawire int. discussing business difficulties with ObamaCare &amp; how it is stopping businesses from hiring 
@KayBee0h @acnnews And I look forward to it--big crowd.
Sorry folks, but Donald Trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey @mcuban!
@ThejustinMiami The Art of the Deal!
@D_Raww16: Donald Trump is his only good song in my opinion  EXCEPT FOR HIS DONALD TRUMP SONG, LITTLE MAC MILLER'S MUSIC SUCKS!
We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!
Itu2019s snowing &amp; freezing in NYC. What the hell ever happened to global warming?
I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. --Harry S. Truman
Want to take a quiz with me? Download the @millonseconds app and watch @RyanSeacrest on Monday at 8/7c on @NBC
@ScottFerrall  Thanks.
Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen, it sucked!
@RicardoHernanG  Great going Ricardo!
@ToddZ64: @realDonaldTrump I love it when you are on Letterman. You keep him on his toes. Hope you are on his show again soon. I WILL BE!
A certain whack job, Go Angelo, who doesn't have a life- spends his time hopelessly attacking me re: Macy's....
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama. 
@wfdelong   Now tell the truth.
By continuing to give massive subsidies to Scotlandu2019s ugly wind turbines, @David_Cameron is playing right into @AlexSalmondu2019s hands.
@BeaumontAnthony @OMAROSA @latoyajackson @CelebApprentice  True!
Chuck Hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays Senate panel...our new Secretary of Defense.
@hyda313: @realDonaldTrump I have the cuff links!!!! They single handedly got me a job!!
@RonHromadka: @realDonaldTrump talk shows are stale! But a daily look at the inside wheeling and dealing of the Trump Org. Exciting!
Katherine Webb gets a Donald Trump job offer, says she's 'shocked' about the attention  
@Jimmy_Farney @QueyNewton  Great -- Good luck James
.@jimmyfallon regularly features @ApprenticeNBC contestants on his show. We love his support &amp; heu2019s a terrific host.Tonight: Omarosa.
@Seame_huntin EST
@JOECIOLFI: @realDonaldTrump worked @ theBrick here in Canada 15 years sleep on the Trump mattress, taught 1000's to sell it. Fav mattress.
@BillMoyers sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like @NYMag (and many others).
After years of long stops then starts, why did dopey Eric Scheiderman tell people in The Trump Org. this case is going away,we have no case
@Mitchwa: @realDonaldTrump Agreed but why are you up so early. Hopefully because you're playing golf like me this morning  Correct!
It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America.
@Markhousego                     nMyself &amp; @realDonaldTrump back in the summer.Great place &amp; a great man. 
@ixfor  Okay, great!
I've had enough of this - good night!
.@DannyZuker  Danny--You're a total loser!
@CpacDean: @realDonaldTrump you've raised children that young people can look up too. thats probably your greatest achievement in my mind
@dgibson120. GREAT!
With Spitzer &amp; Anthony Weiner running for office, New York  is pervert central!  Pathetic
@omegaphoenix068  Rather amazing, wasn't it!
Preview of Obamau2019s SOTU: More taxes, bigger government, shrink the private sector, end the Republicans &amp; bankrupt the country. Enjoy!
@VINnipuncture: @realDonaldTrump I hope you will include @MariaSharapova as one of the judges for the upcoming Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow
Our country, under President Obama, is on life support! Great leaders must bring people together.
@ComptonTyrone: u201c@realDonaldTrump: I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th
@sarahluvnyc   Thanks.
Via @WPOffshore: u201cDonald Trump's Blackdog victoryu201d 
@AboubacarMande: @realDonaldTrump courage big boss  Always!
u201cStay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass.u201d u2013 Think Big
@sanmiguel_23 Thanks.
@UTCRAGER Thanks.
@nicksteinmetz  Try Never Give Up for lessons in tenacity.
@_Warrendya_    Which one?
@_BOSS_TALK_: @realDonaldTrump 
Despite previous tweet, Dennis Rodman would do a better job than the current (cont) 
@willfitz94: @realDonaldTrump How do you have time to tweet everyone when your so busy? When I like people, I find time!
@kristensharpe30: @realDonaldTrump @NhoieGee love Donald Trump and the support he gives to positive women today!!!!! :-)
@SCardamenis: @realDonaldTrump @craigdevlin @11sheila11 Jon Stewart is MUCH smarter than you. Jon L isn't even close!
@therealmlw: @realDonaldTrump you are such a role model for me! You're the best Mr. Trump. Thank you!
Iu2019m at @WrestleMania tonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... #CelebApprentice
@shelby_morgan12: I feel like @realDonaldTrump is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
The Apprentice, on the other hand, has been a MAJOR television hit, often times finishing #1. Even now, after 13 seasons, it wins its slot!
Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
@brentporter34:  #firefightersfordonald You make what I do worth while. I'm holding faith you will run for any office. Thanks Brent!
.@GiulianaRancic &amp; @nickjonas both did a wonderful job hosting @MissUSA! Everyone loved @JonasBrothers &amp; @DJPaulyDu2019s performances!
@kasek_craig: Can someone please explain how my obamacare insurance is twice as expensive as my cancelled insurance.. can't afford this
It wonu2019t stay a buyeru2019s market forever. If you can, take advantage and buy property asap. Youu2019ll thank me!
@CarlosGerboles   Wrong, made a lot of money in Atlantic City-and most kids do blow their inheritance, or do nothing with it-look at stats.
Does anyone else have two golf prosu2014John Nieporte &amp; Jim Hermanu2014who qualified for the U.S. Open?  Could this be an all-time record?
@ProjectMayhem_M: I want to go to @wharton just like @realDonaldTrump. He is a hero of mine. Such a brilliant man.  WHARTON is great!
@Criss_Pena: @realDonaldTrump will prob state facts and people will get mad cause they can't handle the truth!  So true!
.@BillMaheru2019s show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than Sominex.
ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!
.@CPACnews had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. Really an honor. Canu2019t wait to see everyone.
@tylerponton I will.
Named best golf course in the world by @RobbReport, Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland is a 7,400 yd par 72 
@AhmedMallick2 @WWE  Thanks.
@10AJMcCarron  AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. What a pass!
@THEsal_sortino: @realDonaldTrump can a future business man get a follow back or favorite or reply from his biggest role model!  Hello Sal
@eakrogh  Emil--great &amp; do well with it!
@scottymcd1980 Have fun and thanks.
...Re: China--I told you that a long time ago. 
@dmxxx_: haha I think it's cute how my sister likes Donald trump u263a  Tell your sister I think she's great!
@miawesbrooks @dcexaminer Very nice!
@ChayalimBodedim    Thank you.
Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily.
@MooreReva  Good. Never give up!
Move slowly, carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet!
@piersmorgan: Smartest man in American television &gt; Mark Burnett. #Voice #Bible #Survivor #Apprentice
There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House, Iran &amp; China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD.
@JBoyle007. True and thanks John!
.@NBA Hall of Famer @dennisrodman rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC! Great guy!
@steveprecision1  Have fun #1.
Next time Marco Rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottleu2014would have much less negative impact.
@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Is your war with @DannyZuker over with?  Who is Danny Zuker?
@BrikMillerEDG You will love it!
@Davyshanks: Advertising Standards Authority has ruled @realDonaldTrump anti-windfarm ad misleading  Not misleading, very truthful!
Lines for my @CPACnews address start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. #CPAC2013
@T_Colello: @realDonaldTrump if you were president Korea wouldn't be messing with us #Trump2016  100% correct!
Fact u2013 all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. They just don't get caught--stupid!
@Rizz_Lizz: @realDonaldTrump I am surprised Weiner is so delusional to think that he still has a shot! should seek help.
@HelenPferdehirt: It truly makes my day to read @realDonaldTrump 's tweet responses
@marrs_cat Sounds like a good idea to me!
Re: Ashley Judd: Keep @KarlRove away. He already made her a viable candidate.
@SavvY_PriNceSS  Thanks Becky.
@firefighter8597  I love that idea!
@bighank500  Thanks Hank.
@chris_l54: @SPORTSGURU77 @tweetontilt @realdonaldtrump @mcuban If you real Art of the Deal, you'd know that Donald did it all on his own.
How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care?
A-Rodu2019s forgery defense is blown 
@Melpace  Thanks!
@ProudlySA  As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa, all of my statements are made with love. Protect his legacy now
@youngsellz4: @realDonaldTrump is my role model!!  Thank you.
@JoeBloww79: @realDonaldTrump is able to see through all the garbage in our society. Wish more had the ability.
...At the same time, go through a worst-case scenario but keep it short.  Focus on your goalu2014look at the solution, not the problem.
@jayneg53: @realDonaldTrump can't say Obama doesn't know how to throw a polite war!  General Patton would not be happy right now!
The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed.
@Sjblueyes: @realDonaldTrump you've got the vote of most Americans who want to see our great country re-stored to be the greatest country!
@Brian_Legit
@ArsenioHall has great ratings-I told you so. He should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without Donald Trump
@GinaCHaley   They devalue everything, stupid!
@ZachHeatherly: Could be argued that @realDonaldTrump may or may not be a horrible person, but his twitter is the best! Thank you Donald.
When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...
The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!
Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Be totally focused.
UK is freezing through longest &amp; coldest winter in over 50 years @gatewaypundit
@Sofia_Mozek: Why @realDonaldTrump isn't sitting in the Oval Office now is a mystery to me.
@darleneflaherty  He was great--loved Kew Forest.
u201cThe most important political office is that of the private citizen.u201d - Justice Louis D. Brandeis
@RealCoachHodge: I'm thinking of changing my name to Trump. Just to thank @realDonaldTrump for making my business thousands! Smart!
@JUrciuoli19 Not a bad idea--thanks!
@Tigergal62: Not very presidential: @realDonaldTrump: .@DannyZuker Danny--You're a total loser!  Perhaps, but 100% true!
@tabloidhack: 2016 platform? China must be stopped from treating the U.S. like a chump, says @realDonaldTrump. 
.@bretmichaels and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! #CelebApprentice
.@pennjillette and @dennisrodman as PMu2019s- Iu2019m proud of Dennis and his performance this season. #CelebApprentice
@cbalfer Very nice Chris--thanks!
@CambriaCravy  I told you so!
u201cMastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.u201d u2013 Lao Tzu
@kata2bijak: I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump
@THETylerDeBoer @JoelOsteen  Being associated with Joel is my great honor--he is a fantastic man!
@pennjillette: @LeMrMike Yes, I loved loved loved doing @realDonaldTrump show. I loved it all, every minute. I'd do it again.
@garrendj   Thanks!
Another nasty season premieres Sunday, March 3rd at 9/8c on NBC! 
@RaydelMusic  That's great--you will love what we are doing!
.@RGIII &amp; @DangeRussWilson &amp; Luck are very special players--will be great playoff games.
@PMPrindiville: @realDonaldTrump PLEAAAASE RUN for PRESIDENT!!! Help America Donald Trump, you're our only hope!  Thank you.
@GuinnessCode  True!
Lance Armstrong is having a breakdown. What is he doingu2014his life is now officially over!
On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO!
@Tyler_TuscChevy: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016 #all for it
@mr_al_131: Was glued to@ApprenticeNBC all season one of my favourites @realDonaldTrump Great ending Amazing show! Thx Sir.  Thank you.
@ToddRiddolls: @realDonaldTrump how do you find the time? Not easy!
@nate_rogerthat: @realDonaldTrump why you hate @mcuban so much?  I don't hate him at all.
@kevcur8: @realDonaldTrump ally my arse U exposed them years ago DT...time 4 U to get in the game...FOR REAL. You have backers...trust me.
@FreshWessyWes: @realDonaldTrump youre awesome!!!  Thanks.
@Adam_Genato: @realDonaldTrump are there plans to bring miss universe in Manila, Philippines soon?  Could happen, great place to be!
Via  @shinysheet: Mar-a-Lago to host top equestrian jumpers: Trump Invitational will benefit 90 area charities. 
@CrimmsNchin: @realDonaldTrump your the man Donald . #Trump16 Thanks.
@Katt8808. Thanks K.
The talk in Albany is that JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions are taking my complaint against lightweight (cont) 
@wallsburg: @realDonaldTrump Why did you support Obama in 08? I didn't dummy!
Go to work today, be smart, think positively and WIN!
@Brandon_Grip Thanks Brandon.
Great column by @howardfineman on @HuffPostPol: Karl Rove Is Done 
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!
Looking forward to my Iowa visit at @bobvanderplaatsu2019 @theFAMiLYLEADER Summit 
Congratulations to @PiersMorgan on winning @BritishGQ TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!
@Sebuliba: @Forbes: Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa Wrong, if anything it's worse than I say
@vin7768. Thanks Vincent!
@josh_hlbrk: @realDonaldTrump If you keep tweeting Macy's advertisements, I will unfollow you.  No you won't, you're stuck.
Entrepreneurs u2013 be tough, resolute &amp; trustworthy. The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals.
The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said we can't win.Very bad!
@MoFarber          n@realDonaldTrump I love all your inspirational quotes! It keeps us going... thanks Donald! Great!
@CongressGent: @realDonaldTrump is one of the greatest businessmen to ever live. It is impossible to think otherwise.  Very nice, thanks!
@DocShanahan1: @realDonaldTrump would love to see you on shark tank.... great white vs hammerheads  But The Apprentice is far better!
@ccade937  Thanks Cynthia.
@aynbluefish  Interesting.
@jzpi: AG Schneiderman doesn't prosecute a butcher doctor but he goes after @realDonaldTrump #totalhack  Thank you!
GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox.
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
We may get out of ObamaCare because the train wreck is impossible to implement 
The ObamaCare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured 
When the New York Times sold their beautiful, long-time building for peanuts &amp; the buyer flipped it for a massive profitu2014they lost me!
Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success.  Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach.
@MzInvestigator: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump love @trumpwinery for my mom's birthday!! 
Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. --Albert Einstein
I loved beating these two terrible human beings. I would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer, he is a total loser!
I discuss South Korea in today's all new #TrumpVlog - 
u201cLabor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.u201d - Gen. Ulysses S. Grant
What is wrong with the @GOP? Now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to Obama 
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria, and now this! What's next?
@JamesMock4:  I see principled, disciplined, decisive, tough leadership. I see strength. I see #Trump16. Please Mr Trump. USA needs you
@izakstrauss: @realDonaldTrump I bought a shirt two years ago while visiting NY, still receiving compliments!! Love it!!  Thanks!
@AfricanPriest Thanks.
Via @ WSOC_TV: u201cBlair Miller talks with Donald Trump about Charlotte venturesu201d 
Young entrepreneurs u2013 in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!
New York City hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012. 
@AleRdzCuevas: @realDonaldTrump you should be the President of MY country, Mexico.  I better learn Spanish very fast!
@michaelmu: @realDonaldTrump Thats such a clichu00e8!! You can do better than that!  But it is so true and will never change.
.@CelebApprentice was #1 on network TV last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 ou2019clock hour in all major demographics.
The @EricTrumpFdn event featured a performance by #CelebApprentice @JohnRich- a great event for a great cause! Watch- 
@nealobleser: @realDonaldTrump 4 president #2016
I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!
The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do. -- Steve Jobs
@kingsthings @TrumpNewYork Thanks Larry--and you, too, are truly one of a kind!
@ericboucher True!
When it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
When someone can discourage you, you probably aren't determined enough. Be resolute. That's what it takes to get things done.
@Samco42  No, but I hate incompetence.
Looking forward to @THEGaryBusey's book of Buseyisms!
Re negotiation: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
The dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar!
@slabrunojr: @realDonaldTrump @anthonyskwiat @QueyNewton Cuban could buy and sell Trump 2x!!  Wrong moron, the opposite times 4.
u201cTo be a visionary and to be a billionaire, you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump @karenh129 @kathykphillips What do you mean u201cIFu201d Donald ran!? If he doesn't run, we're sunk.
Everyone should watch the documentary u2018Windfallu2019 on @netflix. See an upstate NY town ruined by environmentalists &amp; windfarms.
@TheBarkerBaker Great, go get 'em!
@violaC72: @realDonaldTrump sir, the autism community thanks you for your support!! #autismspeaks
@Chris_Nima: @realDonaldTrump Would you rather have a 3rd Obama term or make out with Rosie??  I'll take the third term!
Victoria's Secret reps were nasty to @KateUpton and now she is doing great.
@Polatseck Thanks!
What will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes!
@StockMarket100: @realDonaldTrump correct me if I'm wrong but didnt you give @LilJon charity 20k?  Yes, 20k plus 100k for great cause!
@MooreReva @TMZ @HarveyLevinTMZ @billmaher Keep fighting and learning!
@bryanice1: Ending my life. Thanks @realDonaldTrump!  Bryan, don't do it - you have everything to live for!
Sleepy eyes @chucktoddu2014one of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that Iu2019m doing @ThisWeekABC.
@Vincent_Moretti   Thank you.
@amilcaralvarez  Great! Good luck!
@bomoca Thanks, people love them (@Macys).
Immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicansu2014for the worse!
Like your current health care plan? Too bad, youu2019re going to lose it under ObamaCare. Hope, Change &amp; a  300% Increase in Your Premium.
@Matt_Cad: @realDonaldTrump Why do so many people despise you?  Because I am so handsome!
.@GOPu2019s election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about.
She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent!
Heading to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the start of the Cadillac Championship on Thursday. Iu2019ll be there all week
@wahb528: @realDonaldTrump great job. Very entertaining segment with interesting observations and insights.  Thanks!
@sammy_abdel: @realDonaldTrump too wanna hear the truth? Listen to Donald trump it's that simple
@s__nguyen: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for being a great inspiration to us in the younger generation. We need more leaders like you!Thanks
@JShue20 Great!
@RichKowalski31: @realDonaldTrump what do you think is the best industry to get into for a young college student about to graduate?ENERGY!
@RicardoHernanG @CelebApprentice  Thanks Ricardo.
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on @nbc. Big!
@Iamgrizzly1974: @realDonaldTrump Our infrastructure is crumbling!And we owe 17 trillion dollars!
Giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. Follow @fundanything to see which causes are financed daily
Being tough doesnu2019t mean being nasty, difficult, or unreasonable. It means being tenacious and refusing to give in or give up.
@Albertenstein @BostonGlobe And a dumb guy!
@jp_worldwide: @realDonaldTrump buy it .... turn it around .... and flip it as only The Donald can  That's what I do-but sometimes keep it
@minlarrycornel @FOXSports   I agree.
Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy.
@dwsweb: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag people actually subscribe to NyMag? Not many, failing and will soon be gone!
@BowsByBaby  Thanks and good luck.
@iverson233: @realDonaldTrump can I run your hotels while you run the country ?  Sounds good to me!
To all journalists, look into the financial dealings of Scottish Parliament members with Vattenfallu2026Follow the money.
@No_Average_Joee: @realDonaldTrump you should run for president #genius #Trump2016  Thanks!
@Tiramis81858117 Wow--thanks.
@ElliotD224: @realDonaldTrump do you think Bloomberg is a good mayor? Yes!
@ErolYalim  Yes, she is very tall--5'10
Republicans must be careful with immigrationu2014donu2019t give our country away.
@KHarmDD59. Thanks Kevin.Trump Doral will soon be the best in the U.S.
In my opinion, one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light.
@damiranz: @realdonaldtrump , i'm a Big Fan But Sometimes You just Need To Shut Up,you Talk Too Much  Probably true, but I'm having fun!
@ichrisandrews Way beyond!
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)!
@995mu: @DELAVEGAPROPHET @realDonaldTrump De La Vega wise words to Trump. Love the man. Want to see an icon outlast life itself. #blessings
Haters, stop saying I went bankrupt, it is not so. I never went bankrupt...
Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season.
@DomenicGallina: @realDonaldTrump cant wait one of the best shows on tv  It will be a great season with our best cast ever!
@Jahbalon: I wouldn't mind @realDonaldTrump as President at all. Just the man we need to get this country going again.  Thank you!
Packed with holiday celebrations, members &amp; staff are enjoying the first Christmas season at @Trump_Charlotte 
Sadly, firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. It isn't pleasant, but lopping off a branch can save a tree.
@jeffpawlik: It's @CelebApprentice night. Can't wait! @realDonaldTrump  Great Jeff - a full two hours, 9 P.M. on NBC.
.@robbreport Best 2013 Golf Courses: Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland. Great honor, great magazineu2014thanks!  
Is Gov. @BobbyJindal the stupid one for using the phrase u201cthe stupid partyu201d when referring to the Republicans?
Everybody wants to see and talk to Dennis Rodman - he will be on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9.
@badgirlofrockxx: @realDonaldTrump Why arn't u in politics Donald..?  I am!
@zack_21: @realDonaldTrump @hdiallo @dblsolo7 class act there donald. How dare u call this beautiful women these names. You said beautiful?
The Zimmerman trial is over.  It is time to move on.  While Zimmerman is no angel, he was acquitted and should be able to move on.
@rfhoganjr: New Trump International Scotland was better than advertised.Thanks @realdonaldtrump. It &amp; Royal Dornoch gems.
Wow, just in-John Beale, the top person in government on climate change (EPA), is a total fraud, and just admitted it! What can they say now
Wow, @CNBC ratings are really low, worst in many years. I guess I'll have to start doing my Tuesday morning interviews with them again!
I talk about Obamacare in today's #TrumpVlog- 
@SHANEDIESEL777.  Thanks.
Miss Alabama, Katherine Webb, has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization ..We are proud of her!
@Adw5Weber: @realDonaldTrump thanks for the books you've written inspires me to take some risks and think big!!  Great.
@Andy241097 Thank you.
I believe in free markets but allowing a merger of US Air &amp; American Airlines is totally ridiculous! Will control most of US market.
@Leigh26Heather: @realDonaldTrump WHO ON EARTH IS DANNY ZUKER????!!!!  A lightweight moron who only gets attention by attacking Trump.
@BoxyBate: @realDonaldTrump: Can I get a hello from a UK (England) fan?  Hello!
u201cHaving an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
With the debt limit approaching, @GOP has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win.
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid &amp; Obama killed it yesterday.  Rule was in effect for over 200 years.
@pattygras: @realDonaldTrump staying at the Trump in Chicago. Well done sir. This place is amazing #Chicago #Trump
@SunnyPahoujaDDS: @realDonaldTrump your @TrumpLasVegas is an amazing property thru n thru.  Thank you-tallest &amp; most beautiful in LasVegas
@lulabel3766   But Paula handled it very poorly!
Vince McMahon @WWE and I hold the all-time ratings &amp; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling.
@RyanRMiner: @realDonaldTrump Is your fued with @Rosie over?  No, it will never end, but she has become totally irrelevant!
Excited to speak at tomorrow night's @ocrp Lincoln Day dinner in Michigan  u201cAll time sales record, over 2000.u201d  
@melpoluk. Great
Dianne Gallagher @DianneG is a great reporter for News Channel 36 in Charlotte, NC. Fantastic interview--thanks!
@RussellCochran Thanks.
I ask again, how much is very wealthy South Korea paying the United States for protecting it against North Korea?
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?
@RyneCPL              n@realDonaldTrump Just finished #TheArtOfTheDeal.  Awesome book w/ great insight! Thanks, good luck.
Via @EW: u201c@CelebApprentice All-Stars' first traileru201d 
.@pennjillette is an extraordinary entertainer &amp; magician whose star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is long overdue. Very proud of him.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
@PGHCEO: If @realDonaldTrump was pres. the US would probably be buying small countries and flipping them to other countries. Profit though.
@THE_OBM: @realDonaldTrump I stay up to watch your great Apprentice show - miles ahead of Sugar's version. No comparison!
@sweetbaboo1968: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for all you do!!! Thank you!
@1986Fed: Obama needs to listen to @realDonaldTrump so we can turn things around economically !!  So true, and it would be sooooo easy!
@JerryYanks  Thanks Jerry. Good luck.
@shillelagh2: @realDonaldTrump @tomspiglanin @TrumpNationalLA if its good enough for The Donald it should be ok for me Directly on Pacific
My @foxandfriends interview from Monday discussing Obamau2019s tone, going over the curb and Republican debt ceiling card 
Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy!
@kennethsmithmd: @realDonaldTrump I am a new independent business owner with ACN and just watched the interview with Darren Hardy...awesome
@Lord_Sugar can't hold a.candle to Donald.Trump - he is a laughing stock in Great Britain (but his show pays me lots of money, so I'm happy)
@kilgorecf: Dang @DannyZuker v @realDonaldTrump has been too good.   No, too easy-Danny is a dummy!
@ekokurn: RT @realDonaldTrump: u201cOnce you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.u201d - Vince Lombardi
...... Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorp
@kingmortimer Best to look up titles at 
@Jarius_Rembert: @realDonaldTrump has a lot of haters. Not haters, losers!
@KyleMcCall4: A man works construction, is used to loud noise, &amp; can't adapt to noise from a windfarm. Beat EOWDC @realDonaldTrump
The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment.....
u201cFace reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.u201d - @jack_welch
@happypaultk                     n@realDonaldTrump look what heavy winds did to one of our Scottish wind turbines 
@rosannascotto: Why are you giving away money this am @realDonaldTrump ?  Because so many people need help!
In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse.  Obama made a mistake.
I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!
Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't, there will be hell to pay.
@BlackFridayMGT You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell.
It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. @AlexSalmond released the terrorist!
@tbott22  Very true!
@MagamboArt: uff32uff34~u261e@realDonaldTrump. Our prayers are with you, Be well soon ! God bless you Nelson Mandela #Mandela 
@jp_worldwide: @realDonaldTrump you need to go on @HowardStern to bash Jay Leno. Howard hates him too  Howard is right on Leno-Jay is over
My @foxandfriends interview discussing Pres. Obama playing golf w/@TigerWoods, US Airways-American merger &amp; oil 
@realDonaldTrump  Thanks!
u201cSuccess breeds success.  The best way to impress people is through results.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
Yes, All-Star @ApprenticeNBC contestant @THEGaryBusey is a little out there. But he uses his u2018uniquenessu2019 to his advantage.
.@billmaher says that the Iraelis are controlling our government 
@JulismilesInc: @realDonaldTrump Imagine if we all became masters @ having fun while getting things done?
Via @AP on @washingtonpost: Trumps look at building 18-hole golf course on former Kluge estate in rural Virginia 
Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS
@naunie_b       sarcasm dummy!
@MrAlanR: @realDonaldTrump Donald you rock! #theartofthedeal changed me forever. Thanks That is really great news, congrats!
@BigguhMikez: @realDonaldTrump is a Genius  Thank you.
@TheSisko @RNC  Sounds like it!
@IngrahamAngle Thanks Laura--found out via your twitter!
Democrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums, Washington wonu2019t feel any pain
@K33MOTHERAPY: @realDonaldTrump #Trump Is HOF ! Thanks!
@camarrone Great!
@Murppph: @realDonaldTrump says whatever he wants and doesn't care. I love it. He's a legend.
Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith.
I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard, they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia!
Weiner is gone, Spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Wait and see, worse than Spitzer or Weiner
@cheftramonto Keep going!
If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and their esteem.  Abraham Lincoln
Brian @kilmeade wrote a wonderful book called George Washington's Secret Six that is truly worth reading.   n
The atrium of @TrumpTowerNY dressed up for Christmas- 
@Frankie_Rap               nCant wait to hear what @realDonaldTrump has to say about Obama's speech tonight!I'll be tweeting during speech
Go to @Macys now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties, shirts and suits.
Watching @trishstratuscom get inducted from the sold out crowd. #WWEHOF. 
Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart, just loud and obnoxious, a pushy dope!
I never want someone working for me who doesnu2019t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldnu2019t want to be there, either.
@Jmano33: @realDonaldTrump you are without a doubt the coolest! Not many people stand up for themselves in today's world!! Thank you.
@stevenfarris        n@realDonaldTrump Great interview with Greta!  America has lost incentive!   Thanks and true.
@sharonk720            n@realDonaldTrump appreciate the advice. Needed that today. Thank u.  My honor.
Personally, I think Douglas Durstu2019s brother got screwed by Douglasu2014no wonder heu2019s angry!
If you donu2019t treat yourself like royalty, no one else will. @TrumpWaikiki is Honolulu's most luxurious hotel 
@EGSIV: @ArsenioHall actually @realDonaldTrump should be a first guest to show #gratitude #class   Thanks for your nice remark!
@RealSonnyNewman  Pay attention and have fun.
Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total, and very expensive, hoax!
@JakeNGarman: @realDonaldTrump Your buildings were used in Tower Heist &amp; The Dark Knight Rises, are they in any other movies?  Many!
Now @RonWyden is also u201cconcernedu201d about ObamaCare along with @MaxBaucus 
@anniehic @NYMag And so have many others.
@Ozziemae: @realDonaldTrump I love that you speak whatever's on your mind. That is true courage. Living your truth.
All NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again.
@kellyfrias: @realDonaldTrump I always enjoy your interviews and think The Apprentice is terrific. Looked great on Letterman. Thanks!
@NattilyAttired @Pontifex I fully understand that side of the argument.
@dpdouglass @billmaher  Thanks Dana.
@djbtv: I hope you folks are following @DannyZuker this weekend as he dismantles @realDonaldTrump. Friend of Danny sorry, he died!
@cloverc8 Great!
I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him!
Had a great time on the @HowardStern show this morningu2014he will and should never change!
I hope everyone that read @DanAmira's reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to @NYMag in protest. Let me know.
@BobKurlander: @realDonaldTrump Awesome new clock at Trump Jupiter. Would look so good between range, putting green.  Will happen.
@da1nonlyasulony Thank you so much Adam!
@NCartagena27: @realDonaldTrump I'm Puerto Rican and I agree with this. We need to stop trying to be so politically correct.
Via CBSWashDC: u201c114-Year-Old DC Building a Step Closer to Becoming Trumpu2019s Latest Hotelu201d 
China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their freedom. Our leaders are so stupid!
.@alexsalmond RT @RichWaugaman This time I agree 100% I never knew how useless a wind turbine was until I (cont) 
Trump Finalizes Agreement For Trump International Hotel, The Old Post Office Building, Washington, D.C. 
@Nicole_Tri16 @TrumpTowerNY  Thank you.
Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?
Via @worldnetdaily by @MichaelCarl7: u201cTrump: Obama blew chance to free U.S. pastoru201d 
.@DannyZuker Don't lie, @ApprenticeNBC was #1 in all major demos at 10. Do not lie!
The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
@bobbassman: @realDonaldTrump @anthonyolgin like when Bush killed all those kids in Iraq when he invaded the wrong country? Really bad war
Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a shortcut to undermining your own potential.
We all have the capability to read, or sense, what's happening with others. It can often give you the edge (cont) 
@dynomike3 Hi Mikey--work hard and good luck.
.@THEGaryBusey feels heu2019s been abandoned by his team. Do you think so? #CelebApprentice
@NYPatriots4Life  Thanks and Happy New Year.
@psmith819: @DannyZuker @realDonaldTrump so to tell you Danny boy.....trump is winning it.....as he usually does.  Danny is easy!
@marie_marshallx @ApprenticeNBC  Thanks.
@KenBroadwater  True!
We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi.  Four Americans were killed. Congress must act!
Americans by &amp; large hate ObamaCare. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business &amp; govu2019t got waivers. Defund!
@spence_derek I'll bet he was!
@MzInvestigator: Great way to almost end the week. Tv night on the deck with my fav simply red TRUMP wine @trumpwinery @EricTrump TRUE!
Be careful u2013 sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is upping his campaigning.  When will new pictures be released?
Todayu2019s assignment: read chapter three of Think Big u201cBasic Instincts.u201d Focus on my acquisition of 40 Wall Street.
@citychik_  Thanks Andrea and good luck.
@samahDanash: Think big is the most amazing book I have ever read. @realDonaldTrump
@PaulinaBours: @realDonaldTrump Saludos desde Mexico! I really do admire you  Thank you!
@RossMcCutchen: @realDonaldTrump Where can I find more Trump ties...they are the best ties I've ever owned  At Trump Tower - 57th &amp; Fifth.
Just like @Yankee organization, I canu2019t wait for @MLB to suspend A-Rod. Will be a great day for the sport.
@mattseba: With the endless amount of ties I buy I can say the @realDonaldTrump collection is at the top of my list. #quality   Thanks.
@RoyalStr8tFlush  Wow, good competition!
@michellemalkin 2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you're fired!
@RoxanneQuintana  Thanks Roxanne.
Trump: Rove 'Made a Fool Out of Himself' 
.@youngmman @realDonaldTrump Conrad Hilton was a great man but Barron Hilton is a dope. Wrong on Barron!
@LonghornHomer  He is not smart enough to understand!
@ynotgolfguy: @realDonaldTrump Must be nice to be above it all and have no real life concerns. Please enjoy yourself while we worry.I wish
Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this.
@IND_Colts_Fan: @realDonaldTrump if President, what would be your 1st order of business?Terminate Obamacare!
@carson_evans1: @realDonaldTrump You were right back in January when you said Boeing was the stock to buy...  Thank you!
My son @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple!
@robertlbuchsr: @realDonaldTrump ,Mr.Trump I just wanted u 2 know I agree w/ u.Respect you 2.Thanks.
@mandem3: @realDonaldTrump you hate muslims.  Wrong
.@IvankaTrump and @PiersMorgan will be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprentice
Everyone is asking if and when I will endorse a candidate in the NYC mayoral race.  Doing my due diligenceu2026
@emilyplacido @foxandfriends @IvankaTrump Thanks.
u201cTake calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.u201d - George S. Patton
@deedeegop @GretchenCarlson @FoxNews Dee Dee-- Great seeing you @FoxNews. You are really having a positive impact--don't ever stop.
We deserve all the answers on Benghazi! 
What is your favorite @THEGaryBusey film? Tonight's short film? Point Break? Lethal Weapon? #CelebApprentice
@thecarlossegura: @realDonaldTrump do u like Lettermans show?  Yes, much smarter than Leno.
@NickFronduto: @realDonaldTrump We have our annual @WFFSA Conference at the Doral October 23-25...will courses be OK to go?  Yes
@jesscot: @kuhpuh @pennjillette awwww... I freakin love celeb apprentice and @realDonaldTrump &amp; @bretmichaels Thanks.
With the $635 million dollar website fiasco, getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more, U.S. is looking really stupid!
@SteveRickettsSP: .@realDonaldTrump does your ego permit you to donate something *without* requiring that your name be on it? State's idea!
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal  RT @rdowns @realdonaldtrump Margaret Thatcher NEVER would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities.
@Markyoungco @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1
Continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. Unless youu2019re @KarlRove. Then you just blame the Tea Party.
@thomasm25221024  I won't.
@glcarter7: @realDonaldTrump @peaceloveandmeg Mr. Trump, Im 45 today. Can I get a retweet for luck this year?  Good luck!
@jeffcdl  That is indeed true!
If you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. So give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
@bigicedaddy: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations Mr. Trump on the best Celebrity Apprentice yet. You did a remarkable job as always. Thsnks
@ChadSheridan: Congrats to @realDonaldTrump for being voted 'Best Twitter Account to follow by The Open Mick Podcast. #YouveMadeIt
@Lisa_LuciaTesta: @realDonaldTrump I'm sure you didn't. There are a lot of sickos out there!  That's for sure!
@mikeohio2323: @rob_bieber @realdonaldtrump Tell the victims and their families about this guy's rights.  Terrible!
@BobHapka @sdoocy  Thanks!
.@AGSchneiderman Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice, after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away...
Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?
It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon.  Global warming!
@J__Perc: I thought @mcuban was a closer... #guessnot I think I'll be listening to @realdonaldtrump he's a closer
Hitting at home. Democrat Sen. Joe Donnellyu2019s son had his healthcare plan dropped 
@chrisopherdavis   True and thanks!
@Chuffman48: @realDonaldTrump or should I ask mark Cuban to tweet at me since you wont He is boring, and much poorer than me!
@circa75sydney: Amazing service from @TrumpLasVegas - great job @realDonaldTrump You're hired! All future @circa75sydney business trips.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela
u201cDo you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.u201d -  Thomas Jefferson
@markwonderful   Sorry, Graydon Carter is a major loser, just ask his wife!
@motleyhoney: @realDonaldTrump I say go for it, solid business leadership for a change. Congrats on the new development in VancouverThanks
@ChartrandA  Yes, I thought Romney would do better--just didn't catch on!
@liamvanvorhis: @realDonaldTrump @uglytunaosu is raising money for cancer the whole month of August. In two days we have raised $1500.
@J4K9FLATLEY: @realDonaldTrump can I get a Happy 21st birthday wish from you? Huge fan of you and the Apprentice
@flowergirl56 Thanks.
@foyt4timewinner. Thanks!
@AimeeTruchan @ABFalecbaldwin @StephenBaldwin7 She is a fabulous woman!
@LeighAnnMac   Send his info to my office.
@brodie7878: @realDonaldTrump @arcuate We will have electric and people will make money but birds will be extinct in 20 years.
u201cLearn, work, and think in equal proportions, and youu2019ll be going in the right direction.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
Dwight Howard just signed with Houston.
@aak1993: @realDonaldTrump what do u think about the new news Competitor Aljazeera America  I don't!
@Macdaddyeli   You are correct Eliana!
Most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning.    The Art of the Deal
Did you agree with my decision? #CelebApprentice
@jimdaniels_jd   Thanks.
u201cBe up front and direct with people, and they will return the favor.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@TheGnomeAbides Thanks.
@millersandra88: @realDonaldTrump @jsheehangolf I bet if he were running this country, we wouldn't be in this mess!!True-great again!
@2LukeVBeck2: @realDonaldTrump Americas Hope Our country needs hope - it is in really bad shape!
@CPartridge11: @realDonaldTrump You're my role model ever since 6th grade .Work hard Clay.
Donald Trump shocked by 'stupid decision' about @OMAROSA on '@ApprenticeNBC' 
@JanHaight: @realDonaldTrump might be a lil late, but much respect to you for giving @LilJon 100G for his charity He's.great, thanks!
@chididdy57 @lancearmstrong  Well, he's now paying a big price!
@TheRealKurse Thank you, I was dealing with a very bad person!
Trump National Hudson Valley's 7,693 yd, par 72 course features one of the country's great golf courses. 
@TheRealllJCole @billmaher  True!
Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
Remember, but for Conservatives, Bush would have given us not only Roberts but also Harriet Miers. Face it, Bush was terrible!
@reidtruuu. Great!
@ATunaMeltOnRye  Good idea.
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!
Still waiting for a response from @billmaher.  Does he even have $5 million?
Do as I say, not as I do. Obama just granted a special ObamaCare exemption for all Congress 
@LoriWedgewood  Thanks.
I just sent @THEGaryBusey a check of $20,000 for his charity, Children's Kawasaki Disease . He worked hard and deserves it.
@reallLTalk: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!!! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8  Thanks.
@EdnaBateman: You have to get people wanting to work again, and that's not what's happening in this country. @realDonaldTrump
@Mr_Smoooth Great place- thanks!
@Ethan738: @realDonaldTrump just bought some beautiful Trump cuff links ud83dudc4d  Great!
Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused?
@nicko7785: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpSoHo Amazing time in NYC, best city in the world with the best hotel! U made our trip!.. Great.
@LexiPerez96 Hi Lexxay.
.@pennjillette has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fameu2014 about time! #CelebApprentice
A good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves:  What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of opportunities out there.
Why do the losers &amp; haters always say I wear a u201cwigu201d when they know I donu2019t.  Like it or not, itu2019s all mineu2014just ask Barbara Walters.
NIELSEN RATINGS: 1.@ThisWeekABC, 2.52 viewers, 6 SHR,1.91RTG, .55 25-54  2.@meetthepress 2.24 total viewers, 5 SHR,1.61RTG, .47 25-54
W/ signature Trump amenities, 5 star rooms &amp; world-class restaurants, @TrumpWaikiki brings excellence to Hawaii 
Obama is the most profligate deficit &amp; debt spender in our nationu2019s history. Doubled debt (cont) 
@CharlesRBennett   Thank you - a great compliment!
Does anyone remember this @BillMaher clip when he got fired from ABC- in fact, fired like a dog! 
@RSPBScotland  RSPB IS A TOTAL JOKE-They went for  bird chopping wind turbines in @Aberdeenshire and fought me on bird friendly golf course!
@jeff_lip: @realDonaldTrump what's your beef with Stevie Wynn? I have none, he is a friend of mine!
Looking forward to @VinceMcMahon inducting me into @WWE Hall of Fame this Saturday in @TheGarden. #WWEHOF #WrestleMania
@quicksorter Have a good time, enjoy this great city.
@J_TJOHNSON   Thanks
NYC politicians better stop pandering--ending stop &amp; frisk would be a disaster. 
@MandyGomez01: @realDonaldTrump Hi. please run for president and make the world a better place. Thanks.
See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
Great article by @jameshohmann @politico explaining why @KarlRove was biggest loser @CPACnews 
Trump: Zimmerman Trial 'Traumatic Period for Country' 
Lots of people are asking whether or not I should have run for Presidentu2014stay tuned for the answer.
I will be live tweeting during the @ApprenticeNBC tonight at 9PM ET.
@SamRyzen Thank you!
@SGTeel  Great, thanks!
@marianne_hund        n thank you for helping free Saeed Abedini. I pray God blesses you and that a Christmas miracle is in the works! Thx
@mikefavreece   Thanks!
@TullThomas: @realDonaldTrump Trump Soho the best looking building in the country. No other building in the world looks like it. Thanks!
We should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland!
#TrumpVine A message for my hotel guest, @MileyCyrus- 
@jamesche85  I do complain.
Trump Tower at Century City brings luxury to Makati, the financial &amp; social capital of Philippines 
@Bayojay: u201c@realDonaldTrump: The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do. -- Steve Jobsu201d
@JoshuaMelhorn Thanks.
@wussydemon: Can I get a RT from @realDonaldTrump for getting three of the best looking shirts @Macys #bigfan 
@joshlop17: @realDonaldTrump is a true model, hard work and dedication, money, and attitude &lt;&lt; and unsotppable force Wow,  thank you!
ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's records,I might become a major fan
@Beagle5iver: @realDonaldTrump every played Muirfield?and who's your pick for the Open?Tiger, Phil, Ernie or Justin Rose.
@nstegm: @realDonaldTrump #askdonald what are you most proud of in your life?  My children!
@Candi2577  Great! Keep working hard.
@edbaram13: @realDonaldTrump everything you say is true and I respect you because your not afraid to say it
Via @BET: u201cDonald Trump Blasts Beyoncu00e9 for Suggestive Super Bowl Showu201d 
@PeteRose_14   Once again, it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price!
@daytradersfx  That is true.
@splinter48708.  Thanks.
@BennyDoesTweets  Thanks.
.@whitehouse continues to defend the billions it pissed away on u2018green energyu2019 failures 
@IrishCigarGuy: @realDonaldTrump you are so right as usual. You should run but it be a big pay cut. You are what we need. Thank you!
@MissUniverse @MissUSA @MissTeenUSA @SherriHill Olivia=a total winner!
@DerekPringle2 Appears that you are.
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @JohnDuthie1 just sitting here looking out over Aberdeen bay. These clowns cannot be allowed...
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information, &amp; use this information to spawn new ideas. - Think Big
@LuLuBillie2010                   n@realDonaldTrump   GOD bless you Mr. Trump!!  Thank you.
@Emeka89 Thanks!
@fam5rock: @realDonaldTrump #snowden not a traitor. Shared info with fellow Americans who have a right to know about NSA snooping Bullshit
@Iggy_Rodriguez Great--and great city!
Itu2019s sad that the WH is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. Doesnu2019t have to be.  WH should take my offer.
Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of @ariannahuff get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal?
Great news that @ehasselbeck will be joining @foxandfriends.  Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on @theviewtv.
@yati_isma @tonyfernandes Thanks, but I receive from U.K. also.
Wow, I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the @NewYorkObserver  voted me #1 on the power 100 list in NY......
@Joe_Lanser: @realDonaldTrump you and David letterman were fabulous tonight!!!!! Great job!!!!! Thanks Joe!
Via @realitytvworld: La Toya Jackson fired from 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' by Donald Trump 
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Take control and move forward every day.
Ready to get mad?! We are sending foreign aid to China, our greatest threat 
It is important to think positively. Negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful.
@CoachClintSwan  Tell me, what were they doing in the Park, playing checkers?
Get ALL the info,  then quick trial, then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind.
@67Chester: @realDonaldTrump Care to say a few words to @IranGovt ?  Get rid of the NUKES, and fast!
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: TRUMP STUMPS... 
@nikkio: @realDonaldTrump Spitzer thinks since Wiener did it - so can he. I hope the good citizens of NYC show both the door.
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp; then get a @RollingStone cover.
WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c u201cwasnu2019t mentioned in his book.u201d I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!
Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
@LBH39: It's called @realDonaldTrump for President! @FortuneMagazine: There's only one way out of this tepid economy.
The big problem for little @MacMiller is that heu2019s going to have to have another hit song, not just his Donald Trump bonanza.
... Will be there front &amp; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC-@Cadillac Championship
@MelindaCWright: @realDonaldTrump gotta love The Donald  Thank you Melinda!
Great to see @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter back on the field.  He will have another great season and make NYC proud again.
Just landed in D.C. 
I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love!
@GauravK725: @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump look at the facts..those millions were made into billions by Mr. Trump. And its still growing! TRUE!
@samtrisi Thanks!
@The_JeffH  Thanks Jeff
@BestNewProduct @TrumpCollection  Thanks, it is a beautiful city.
@byoppjr   We just blew it up dummy!
Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star @CelebApprentice 
@Alyx518  And many other countries!
Via @Newsmax_Media by Courtney Coren: Trump: China Gets Iraq Oil; US Gets Nothing 
@Wicz_2003 Thanks.
Congratulations to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on @FoxNews.
@Lowery01: Hey @realDonaldTrump where can I buy your shirts and ties in the uk please? ud83dude33  Go to Macy's online.
Former Weather Underground radical Kathy Boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops &amp; a Brinks guard...
@kg08tj: @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice the best show on tv, all my #mba classmates are loving it to, #bestshow in North America
Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes!
It was an honor to be @GretchenCarlson's inaugural guest on her new show u2018The Real Story.u2019 Gretchen will be a big success!
Snow and ice, freezing weather, in Texas, Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING?
A-Rod has disgraced the blessed @Yankees organization, lied to the fans &amp; embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes.
@divermam: @realDonaldTrump I just saw the finale. Your act of kindness was total class. I've been a fan but I now love you Mr. Trump.
@M_Sallis Matt--Hope you will have a Happy Birthday.
@JUrciuoli19 Very good!
Bret had a target on his back from the get go...
What do you think of my suing @billmaher for $5M for charity? He made an offer, I accepted.
Dummy @GoAngelo who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his u201cmassiveu201d rally at Macyu2019s is trying to get publicity for self by using me
If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.
I applaud Columbia, South Carolina for cleaning up biz center 
@backupwraith: i firmly believe that @realDonaldTrump is the most superior troll on the whole of twitter. that is all.A great compliment!
With @StephenBaldwin7 earlier today at @ApprenticeNBC press conference in @TrumpTowerNY. 
Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak
@stevemit30: @realDonaldTrump everyone knew he was going to Houston - Bullshit loser, most thought Lakers or Dallas!
@Brewjo32: @realDonaldTrump reading The Art of the Deal again. Excellent revisit  Great!
Marble mouth @tombrokaw asks why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have Donald Trump as your guest of honor? BORING TOM
I don't like the opening even a little bit!
@PSThaler: @realDonaldTrump dont agree with your politics, but respect your heart. Great gift to Lil John. Well done, sir. I undetstand, T
@kuhteesmiff: I love Donald Trump. #apprenticeaddict .... @realDonaldTrump u2764ufe0f Thank you, so nice!
Just arrived at Trump National Doral, saying hello to all the great players. This place is amazing.Come Thursday &amp; see for yourselves!
@avedders: @realDonaldTrump you're the man! You should run for president! Thanks!
@AnastasiaRubine: @realDonaldTrump ....I love people who can act to finish projects efficiently and fast. Good job! Thank you.
Under President Obama, do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY?
@sunlorrie: Real Wind Turbines Twitter / DanScavino: @realDonaldTrump here is a ... 
@chrisbarno. Great Chris.
@Faithable @DanScavino True.
THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635,000,000 WEBSITE!
@JohnSim96499126   Thank you John!
Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term...
.@yankees are privately ecstatic over A-Rod's latest doping bust. The evidence is damning 
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!
The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages.  It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare.
They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprentice
u201cIf we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make America a rich nationu2014and respectedu2014once again.u201d u2013 Time to Get Tough
@rcmillershow Thank you.
Via @BW: Donald Trump Vows to Fight Scottish Wind Farm Plan in Courts 
@piersmorgan             nThanks @realDonaldTrump for coming to my book party - wouldn't have been the same without you!  Piers--Congrats!
ObamaCare Story of the Day: u201cFlorida Cancer Patient Loses Insurance During Treatment B/C of ObamaCareu201d 
@liztemkin: .@realDonaldTrump called here in LA; prepaid 2 mos w/out a discount yet for SHO &amp; TMC; got my bill reduced by $59/mo +credit.
Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess!
@noturbine: Turbines will also kill more birds than developer will admit to &amp; ruin lives of folks living close &amp; not reduce CO2
.@ESPNu2019s apology(Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct!
@conniegrn777 @AlabamaFTBL  You should--they are great!
Can you imagine if @billmaher said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)u2014the press would run him out of the country...
The Democrats in Congress donu2019t want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
@Vallian_Ghali: If you're born poor, it's not your mistake. But If you die poor, it's really your mistake. - Donald Trump
@CosmosTickets: @realDonaldTrump @macy your apparel is the first thing I look at when I go to the mall!  Thanks - you have good taste!
Family group shot. #WWEHOF 
@delveezus: .@realDonaldTrump is a genius when it comes to politics. You cant deny #TheDonald  Thank you.
@BrightonPatriot @Mulder1981 @AlexSalmond True--he is killing Scotland!
@jshawknz: The only thing I ever watch on TV is @realDonaldTrump 's All Star Celebrity Apprentice. #truestory
Obamacare is far toooo expensive, far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and, most importantly, doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER!
.@PhilMickels0n_  is rightu2014California taxes are far too high. Itu2019s ridiculous.
My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit, not a replacement. Screen should be 10% larger than Samsung.
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool, move slowly - and think! IRAN
@Diego_Arria.  I hear you are doing great! Take care of yourself.
@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump A talk show would be the perfect arena for you Mr. Trump. Ratings would soar through the roof! But no time!
I was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats.
I am giving away money. Check the crowdfunding site @fundanything 
@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump @Klyushina_ENG Are you going to straighten out the Russia Syria problem? Hope so.  Can be done!
Via @Newsmax_Media: Robb Report: Trump Scotland Best Golf Course in the World 
@AngryJesusRants: @realDonaldTrump why do you need so much? Change some lives, feed some hungry  I do, big league!
.@Ynberg: Long term goal &gt;&gt;&gt; to be the black @realDonaldTrump 4real.Great Dean, and you will make it!
@missADelgado: He's a very sick puppy. He's got a perversion. - @realDonaldTrump pulling no punches re: Weiner (#GretaWire)
u201cTrumps Are Giving @TrumpDoral A Makeoveru201d 
Golf is a brain game &amp; is a great way to improve your business skills. Concentration,assessment, technique &amp; passion...it's all there.
@msmarjc Thanks Mary.
@AndyShinberger: @realDonaldTrump people hate you because they are jealous of you and in reality they don't hate you, they hate themselves!
@marclaurito: u201c@realDonaldTrump: Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!u201d
@BarriMedia Good luck.
@OHOUD555: @realDonaldTrump:  Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates with @Damacakoya
@Core15   Thanks.
Great news - @BarbaraJWalters has fully recovered and will be back on @theviewtv this coming Monday.  Barbara is wonderful!
@joshskaggs                      n@realDonaldTrump stayed in your Chicago hotel last night. Great staff and awesome room! Thanks!
Donald Trump: If Bill Maher Does Not Pay Off His $5 Million Bet u2013 'Then Iu2019ll Sue Him' 
Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood have close relations with Iran 
My exclusive @WSOC_TV interview with @BlairMiller9 discussing Trump National North Carolina &amp; future deals 
u201cIf you plan for the worst u2013 if you can live with the worst u2013 the good will always take care of itself.u201d u2013 The Art of the Deal
New rule for @billmaher: check the law before you make a public absolute offer.
@Roberts3269: @realDonaldTrump Blake Thomas Roberts, the Donald Trump of Houston. You're my motivation! #dedication #hardwork Great!
@CraftMonroe: @realDonaldTrump Danny Zuker is irrelevant.  So true!
Make your life as groundbreaking as possible, while also minding the tides and riptides around you. - Think Like a Champion
@KennethLaguer: @realDonaldTrump you did great on letterman  Thanks Kenneth!
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. nnJohn F. Kennedy
@candla: @realDonaldTrump We all think presidents have so much control but everyone answers to someone  Ours answers only to Michelle!
@thorpe81: @realDonaldTrump you are the greatest.. Thank you. #staygreat!  I will be working hard on that!
u201cLearn, know, and show. Itu2019s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
u201cSuccess is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.u201d - Dale Carnegie
Former winner @bretmichaels  returns to All-Star @ApprenticeNBC March 3rd on @NBC. Bret shows once again why he is a champion!
Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China, yuan just hit record high against dollar 
@maggie101956: @realDonaldTrump Donald...he couldn't go to Thachers funeral??? Am I the only one outraged???  No!
u201cReal estate is at the core of almost every business, and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@Jnewt13: Donald Trump will always be Mac Miller's best song, no contest.
#TrumpVine A message for @AnthonyWeiner- 
u201cLife is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@ellevarner           nF.O.C.U.S. - Follow One Course Until Successful @realDonaldTrump -Midas Touch (this is a great read) Thanks.
My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge
Via @BreitbartNews: TRUMP TO REPUBLICANS: 'PLAY THE DEBT CEILING CARD' 
@scottlara1961 Have a Happy Birthday.
Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. On March 3rd at 9PM EST @NBC the fireworks return to the Board Room!
@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump I think I'm anticipating the next season of Celebrity Apprentice more than the start of football season.
@MichaelKaye_3: @foxandfriends on Monday mornings is my favorite because of @realDonaldTrump  They are great people!
@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump Wish more people with large followings would speak up like Mr. Trump always does. True, not honest!
Celebrity Apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on CNBC.
It was great seeing @Schwarzenegger at the #WWEHOF. 
u201cYou can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.u201d - n@MichaelPhelps
Must-see morning clip: Donald Trump addresses Lil Wayne tweet and 'Celebrity Apprentice'
@lucaswilson911: I will never be persuaded to not be a @realDonaldTrump fan :)
See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. Whatu2019s strong? Whatu2019s weak? Whatu2019s missing?
@billf227: @realDonaldTrump staying at Doral tonight. Can't wait to see it after the Trump renovations  It will be amazing!
You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators.  They donu2019t want Hagel either.  Just following Obamau2019s orders.
@codyaa722 Yes, it will happen.
@rexrode_lisa                n@realDonaldTrump you date girls young enough to be your daughter.That's perverted Dated. No, that's talent.
... Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt!
If President Obama was going to attack Syria, he shouldu2019ve done it a long time ago as a surprise &amp; not after (cont) 
It appears that @THEGaryBusey is entranced with @MELANIATRUMP- and rightly so! #CelebApprentice
@thejbrain: @realDonaldTrump America needs you in 2016. Your success and capabilities are enough to make the world peaceful again.God bless
@PGAalltheway: @realDonaldTrump played with one of the assistant pro's from Doral, said the new design is amazing Can't wait!
@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Best piece of advice u would give to a young businessman? Work really hard and smart!
@jamiesawicz: @realDonaldTrump @GWRepublicans want to help campaign for Trump 2016!  Thank you.
@kennymacaskill1: @realDonaldTrump my lives less than a mile don't the road he and all of balmedie are big fans #fact2 #kingtrump Thanks.
@fugle_tony_328: @realDonaldTrump You are awesome! Thanks!
Look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. Find innovations, approaches, and practices that you could adapt in your field.
@Nate_StuLLeR: @realDonaldTrump what was your bank account lookin like at age 24?  Not too great!
. @chrislhayes replaced @edshow on @msnbc to increase ratings. Itu2019s a shame Chrisu2019 are even worse. Sad to see.
@RoxanneQuintana: @hollyrpeete awe, get better fast little one.xoxoxo  Thanks Roxanne.
@Brian_Legit: @realDonaldTrump Whose your MVP?  Mariano.
On November 9th @MissUniverse comes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of @OfficialMelB &amp; @ThomasARoberts in Crocus City Hall!
@grindingdude @monkeydogman I will!
@fay @aberdeedshire How the Green movement kills: 31,000 excess winter deaths in Britain last year. Each turbine kills 6 pensioners.
@Canvasguru: Lol! RT @martintagg: .@realDonaldTrump You've been popular with ladies for a while. What's your secret handsome?  My hair!
$1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic.
Via @kmovnewsfeed: Photos: Tour Donald Trump's NC golf club 
@JoshRosenfield: .@realDonaldTrump And yet he refuses to release his IQ results to the public. WHAT ARE YOU HIDING, MR. TRUMP. Ask Obama!
@roannasweet   Not even close, dopey!
Just as I predicted, Iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos 
Ranked a top course @GolfMagazine &amp; 6 Star Diamond Award, Trump Intu2019l Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes 
@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump Col Peters is right. When our adversaries r at war w each other, Assad regime+ Al Q, stay out of it!
Little Mac Milleru2019s next album may bomb.  He canu2019t use my name again for sales.
Secret Service members on break from Obamau2019s $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaiiu2019s top hotel @TrumpWaikiki.
Thank you for all of the positive response on my Chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. Most of you saw through the phony age card ploy.
@jamesche85 @Yankees  True!
Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits &amp; failure will follow him!
@jason23_9 @deesnider @ApprenticeNBC  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC.
@piersmorgan I urge every politician in Washington to tune into CNN and listen to @realDonaldTrump 's advice on how to do a deal.
@gretawire .Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy!
Gas prices are going up big leagueu2014I told you sou2014payback to OPEC!
@stretch33701  Good point, yes!
Our trade deficit just jumped in May to u201cthe second-highest level on recordu201d 
Congratulations to @AlabamaFTBL on winning the BCS championship last night!
@Elliotg1959 Have a great time at a great place!
@Timc1021 Thanks!
@Smerwickman: @realDonaldTrump Iraq was a mistake but how was Obama responsible?  He should have and could have gotten out much sooner!
General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control.
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Donald have you noticed how so many people want you to run? Amazing. I think you will win handily.  Thanks!
THE HILLu2019S TWITTER ROOM: Trump: Spitzer, Weiner turning New York into u2018pervert centralu2019 n
... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location!
Congratulations to Connecticutu2019s Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013 @MissUSA! America will be well-represented in @MissUniverse!
@TMPLUSII: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one dayYES!
@phickeyma:  We need you for POTUS because there's a whole lot of people in Washington who need to hear the words YOU'RE FIRED!
@nicla_b: @realDonaldTrump Pls help highlight and RT Protect Blackdog: Welcome to the Protect Blackdog Blog!
@TrumpDoral  The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course!
.@MissUSA Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA.  Smart, gorgeous--a really positive force!
Little @MacMilleru2014I have more hair than you do and thereu2019s a slight age difference.
@RealJohnAnthon: @realDonaldTrump Why do you hate Africa so much?  I don't-tremendous potential!
It always seems impossible until it is done. --Nelson Mandela
@RonnieDunn1164: @realDonaldTrump you need to renovate 1600 Pennsylvania ave. ASAP!!!!
Time is on your side; things do not continue downward forever. - Think Big
I could fix existing Tappan Zee Bridge for peanuts. Unfortunately, Gov Cuomo will end up spending more than $10B on this project. $25 tolls?
@MSFerr1: @realDonaldTrump if we could afford it, would you support it?  No,
@Showstopper1020: @realDonaldTrump Thank You for what you have achieved it makes me work harder to achieve more for myself and my family
@nyccoins: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @NYMag Dan, you are a low life dumb ass! Stupid too, who made you an editor?  A dead magazine!
#TrumpVine from D.C.- 
@LisaRiv76873320: @realDonaldTrump Who is Bryant Gumbel? A racist dope with a long and deep record of failure!
@marc_soler1: @realDonaldTrump why you take so serious so many stupid tweets, you are the Golden Boy of Real State, all my respects.
You havenu2019t seen fireworks until you see @OMAROSA &amp; @piersmorgan go at it again! Letu2019s just say itu2019s no happy reunionu2026
@garthdahdah: What was @realDonaldTrump greatest accomplishment this week? Employing thousands of people!
@HMunjal:  You're one of the most educated, handsome and sophisticated men that I know of. Men should aspire to be like you.  Thank you!
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during u201979 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
@brookychan  Not negative!
@AdeleBrumley  Adele--Happy Birthday.
@Tommyguns11: @realDonaldTrump Obama arming Syrian rebels is a travesty and an embarassment to the US! What would YOU do?  Stay out!
@MaryPortwine: Loving @realDonaldTrump on Letterman! Could listen to him talk all day long. You say it like it is and that's why we love u!
The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfillu2014fire hazard! @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
@DannyZuker: OK gotta go. You're not going anywhere Danny, you're being beaten so badly that you can't take it anymore-enjoy your chair!
Rambling and stumbling @hardball_chris is as dumb as a rock!
Without momentum thereu2019s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4,992,343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE, LESS THAN 50,OOO NEW SIGNUPS.
The WGC @CadillacChamp leadership board is available here: 
Who would have thought that an @ApprenticeNBC champion would return to compete? @bretmichaels returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice...
In case you missed it, last week's @extratv interview  with @AJCalloway discussing Tiger Woods &amp; much more 
We were led to believe that Jeep would manufacture in U.S. and sell to Chinau2014like China does to us.
How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur.
u201cRecognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@JasonMorgan066: @realDonaldTrump I'm staying at the Trump hotel in Vegas this week. Let me just say it is amazing! I love it!  Thanks!
@c_c_saunders: @realDonaldTrump my dad played the new Scotland course today, left me a vm, put the Trump course on your list, must play.
I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!
See Schneiderman admit he spoke with Obama about u201congoing investigations. 
@SueJaneRoberts: @realDonaldTrump Any thing u work on is awesome  Thanks.
There are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big &amp; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big
@big1john: @realDonaldTrump wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in mid-flight during the next decade.
@RifenburgTweets. Thanks.
@Aperanio827: @realDonaldTrump us taxpayers are tired of carrying the deadbeats
@DannyZuker everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal.
@ReaIOsmelSousa   Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS!
@JohnRMcCabe: @realDonaldTrump deserves to be President of the United States of America  Thanks John, we need someone Really good (great).
@MatthewJPizzo  Thanks Matt.
Good advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: u201cTrust in God and be true to  yourself.u201d
@FrankMDavisJR @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks.
Terrible CBO forecast for 2013--1.4% GDP growth and 7.5%+ unemployment (really 17%+) 
@trader_greg  Thanks.
@jheil at @NYMag is such a pathetic reporter who doesnu2019t want to know the truth. A total Obama flunky &amp; hack.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd, when looking at my financial filings, shouldu2019ve said u201cGreat job Mr. Trump, Sir.u201d
.@PennJillette and @StephenBaldwin7's arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprentice
u201cBuild your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. Thatu2019s building the right way.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@Agustin_Gil:      @ApprenticeNBC @ @KimRichards11 #RHOBH and #CelebApprentice should be part of the Emmys nominations!  Pure politics!
@MrNiceeWatch: Buying Egyptian cotton covers and Silk sheets for my Donald Trump Serta King size bed first thing tomorrow.!  #1 BED-SERTA!
@MaryGraceDH @TrumpToronto  Thanks.
@Jorkellett. Interesting and thanks.
@FloydMayweather  My prediction of Floyd is looking good!
u201cIf you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.u201d u2013 Milton Friedman
@MrCunningham89 Thanks Cam.
@DianeLynn_: @realDonaldTrump We need you now more than ever! Hope to see you run in 2016!
Iu2019ve known @hardball_chris for a long time &amp; sadly, he gets dumber each &amp; every year--&amp; started from a very low base.
Trump Int. Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting &amp; beautiful  tower 
@NeanderthalMan1  Nobody says this!
@opensezme: @realDonaldTrump and there's a move afoot to have women in combat arms if its happening now what do you think will happen then
No cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps &amp; NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
@ForHomeSales: @realDonaldTrump been a big fan since I read Art of Deal when I was 22.  Great!
@BornAgain8344   Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
@PapiGonzalez3: Our country needs a smart, experienced, successful man. TRUMP 2016 @realDonaldTrump
@C_A_Pearson True!
Work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud.
A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
@byrne_man: @realDonaldTrump bought a Trump shirt for a wedding I went to last fall, I looked awesome.  I'll bet you did!
@MrPerfect4: @realDonaldTrump how come u only reply to compliments?  Because I like nice people far better than the losers and haters.
@KayJayButton   Yeah, blame me moron!
@MichaelRubinton. Thanks.
@fordbeautyqueen   Thanks.
@vabeachrpm: @realDonaldTrump love Macy's !  I agree!
Sunday night at 9 PM EST will be re-run of last week's episode of Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC, followed by new episode at 10 PM.
I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
According to many, and while nominated, I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics. @PrimetimeEmmys
This assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of @lisarinna and @pennjillette. #CelebApprentice
u2018Better Be Carefulu2019:Donald Trump Warns GOP On Immigration, Creating u201912 Millionu2019 New Dem Voters 
@DEMEGL10: @realDonaldTrump Everyone should start their twitter day with TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT....lets start the movement  Wow!
@BlazeBluntsky Thanks.
u201cIf we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.u201d- Ronald Reagan (Feb. 6, 1911u2013June 5, 2004)
Via @NRO: Palin, Trump Get Longer Speaking Slots at CPAC by @KatrinoTrinko 
More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing, RIDICULOUS!
Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.
@walaa_3ssaf   No, dopey, I would not go into Syria, but if I did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools.
Todayu2019s assignment: read Chapter 7 u2018Trump Tower: The Tiffany Locationu2019 of The Art of the Deal. Focus on how I marketed the property.
I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office!
@Tahanigoingpro Thanks.
@afrodeziak: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @NYMag Unlike the rest of you libs, Mr. Trump will be just fine. He doesn't have Obamacare!
Wow, l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc.
Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C.
@Mr_Oghene  Great--enjoy!
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday, or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION!
@Queeniegotgame: @realDonaldTrump @NFLONFOX YOU ROCKED IT! MADE MY DAY!! ENJOY YOUR SUNDAY MR TRUMP! :) :) :)  Thanks!
.@BoonePickens  Thank you for the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Awardu2014a great honor for me from a fantastic man.
It was great to have @ApprenticeNBC veterans George Ross and @BretMichaels back in the boardroom. 
@RockShannon108. Thanks.
@charleyUfarley You mean like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Paulson and almost all other bigs-I never went Bankrupt dumb ass!
@BeaumontAnthony True and thanks!
@jamesche85  Dopey, I never went bankrupt.
@andyliz99  Thank you.
.@MarissaMayer is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job!
Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!
.@BillMaher didnu2019t come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today I will sue him.
No, I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad.
@the2reggie: @realdonaldtrump personally I would ignore Toure everybody else does. He is not relevant, you are. I don't like dumb racists!
@DoroMundo   Thanks!
@djgura: @realDonaldTrump ~ $10BB? Forbes has you at $3BB, what gives? They know nothing about me or my numbers.
u201cSuccessful people don't have fewer problems.They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.u201d Dr. Benjamin Carson
Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
Who would  you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.
@Ilove40s: @realDonaldTrump should run in 2016  Thanks for your nice thoughts!
I think it was terrible that Tim Cook of Apple apologized to China. What the hell is he apologizing for? Steve Jobs wouldnu2019t.
By the way, folks, @billmaher is not a smart guy (just look at his past)u2014he just pretends he is!
@kevinmacman55                      n@realDonaldTrump well deserved, you motivate me every day. Thanks.
@miketilley13: Prepping for my job interview by reading The Art of the Deal by @realDonaldTrump Inspirational  Good luck Mike!
@Robert_MacRae: Next time your in Scotland can we go knock down some windmills ? @realDonaldTrump  and save the birds!
@Sabretooth94: @realDonaldTrump Who does Bryant Gumbel think he's messing with?? He's such a condescending jerk! And a no talent racist!
@alphakonstant @RICHNYJETS True.
The Chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this post-Saddam oil boom in Iraq 
I donu2019t know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!
Read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster).
Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!
@asmarks18: @realDonaldTrump I dont care for Stewart but do you ever shut up?  I never give up!
Itu2019s springtime and it just started snowing in NYC. What is going on with global warming?
Re: CPAC u201cThe crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of Trumpu2019s address, something his operative said he planned to do...
@emilyluvsuxoxo: @realDonaldTrump is the best person in the entire world.  Thank you Emily, so nice!
@SarahBeth1020: @realDonaldTrump &amp; @seanhannity on @FoxNews this morning!?!? My day has been made!!!! #betterwithfriends Thanks Sarah.
I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy!
@jcpost: @realDonaldTrump Esquire is irrelevant, mo one reads it anymore and no one cares. True!
@Spencer67: @realDonaldTrump For once, I completely agree with you! Business wise, you're brilliant. I just don't support your politics! OK
@Yra007Unaj: @realDonaldTrump I most definitely agree with you. Such an inspiration you are   Thanks and work hard and smart!
Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesnu2019t go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St.
@PartylikeRlove1 A long time ago, thanks.
@dnewman83 Thank you.
u201cIf itu2019s worth doing, itu2019s worth fighting for. Youu2019ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. Work &amp; fight to get beyond them.
@A123Meoli  True.
Illegal use of official Attorney General stationary by lightweight @AGSchneiderman. 
Ignorance is inexcusable; itu2019s the surest way to fail. No acceptable reason exists for not being well informed.
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan.  We should have a speedy withdrawal.  Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.!
Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think?
u201cIf you have a crisis, whether on a ship or wherever, there are heroes who rise above it.u201d - Jerry Bruckheimer
@chrisinspfld: @realDonaldTrump If you would run for President, you will either fix this country or have millions wishing they'd've voted4U
Watch this great behind the scenes video of @IvankaTrump's Spring 2013 photo shoot- 
I'm giving away money- go to 
@wwws0  Wrong--built world's best golf course that is doing great!
@NebSeb Thanks.
Me, by a lot!
@dentstwitt: @EDM___HEAD @realDonaldTrump @EdandBev My question is did MLK Jr. use the 'N' word? No, only Paula Dean used it!
@1_Car_Guy: @realDonaldTrump Uhm, weren't you one of the voices supporting Bush's invasion of Iraq?  No
@ET614: @realDonaldTrump were you listening to Cher's new song?  Cher sucks - her song, and music in general, is terrible!
@Slave4Suzi: @KatrinaDeVita I highly recommend you follow @realDonaldTrump if you don't already. The man's a genius. Thank you!
@DominicFormaro: @realDonaldTrump it's hilarious to see all these dumbasses hating on you. I bet it feels good to laugh at them.
No wonder @NYMag is doing so poorly, with an idiot Sr. Editor like @DanAmira, it will only get worse!
When will lightweight hack Attorney General be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct?
Be tough, be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them.
@kimguilfoyle   Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes!
@markodero32   Interesting.
@TormeyPaul: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag does anyone actually still subscribe?  Not many!
@japotter81. It will be great.
@jeremygreen98 @Yankees   Yes.
@MrMokelly.  Dopey, nobody is laughing at me!
@JTDixon_Inker Happy Birthday &amp; enjoy NYC.
@Anon_Farmer @PeaceLibLady   Not me, I predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy.  I now tell people it is a great time to buy
@doug_barnard                     n@realDonaldTrump You should Vine more often, they're great! #trumpvine  Thanks!
Congrats to @nbc on the success of the new smash show @NBCBlacklist. Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV!
Donald Trump explains celebrity feuds: 'I speak the truth' 
@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump when does Apprentice finish casting? We are casting now-some great people!
@brownteeth: @realDonaldTrump since all of your predictions have been spot on!  True!
Study your area of business. All business involves risk, but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what youu2019re doing.
@sepamu @rainnwilson Citizen Kane, Gone with the Wind, The Good the Bad and the Ugly, etc.
@kennyj7d7                     n@realDonaldTrump Run for office, you are the only one that can fix this big mess. Perhaps true!
@ChristianFranzH  Thanks Christian and good luck.
@driftaguy: @realdonaldtrump who is your favourite celebrity Apprentice winner?  I have many!
@richardroeper Keep dreaming!
The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria, but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid
@J4K9FLATLEY: @realDonaldTrump I have turned family and friends into #Apprentice fans. Nothing better
I hope the Republicans are happy.  Just as I predicted, that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obamau2019s appetite for more taxes.
I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!
@Chris_McNall: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations on win in Chicago today.  Thank you, this woman played the age card and made up a story.
I'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9PM ET re:@ApprenticeNBC. Don't worry other time zones, I will give nothing away!
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp; the terrible job he has done for NY.
@MamaBabyHood Thanks--keep up the good work.
They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!
@RickHasAMartini   You said you are tired - say the rest, that you're lazy and dumb!
@TheRealKurse     So true!
Congrats to fantastic All-Star @ApprenticeNBC celebrity &amp; illusionist @pennjillette on being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame!
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
@jhayman2  Thank you.
@KiloBunch: @realDonaldTrump Much respect but you are the most sophisticated and vicious SOB out there. And I think you're great!  Wow!
First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again!  @alexsalmond
@Otgdy27  I won't.
@MattOmell  March 3rd
@TatorJuice   Wow, so nice! Thanks, I wish I could have met him.
I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!
Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you donu2019t know what youu2019re doing.
Trade with China has killed over 29% of US manufacturing jobs in the US 
@HomesWestfield @EricTrump @MyFoxNY @rosannascotto @StJude  Thank you.
@bigjohnryan75: @realDonaldTrump we need @realDonaldTrump and Bill O'Reilly to be in charge to straighten this country out! @FoxNews
The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
@kevinsmoore: @realDonaldTrump says exactly what he thinks. Lol This is one of the reasons I follow this man! He's the best!  Thanks K.
Great going to Bob Kraft &amp; Bill Belichick of the @Patriots on @TimTebow.  Tim is a winner just like them!
Congratulations to the $1B ObamaCare website on enrolling FOUR in Delaware. Cost to us - $4M   
Myself with mother and father at New York Military Academy. See, I can be very military. High rank!u2026 
@mckay317 @TrumpTowerNY  I will check it out, thanks.
@chrishansen   Good to see you also - I will be watching!
@gshuba: @realDonaldTrump Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil, carbon, et al.  True!
@gary4205   Thanks Gary.
@BENBRICE7: @realDonaldTrump how's progress on the Scottish golf course coming along? #interested  Finished and great.
If Obama was willing to lie about ObamaCare then what else has he lied to us aboutu2026
@lfoshie: There are 2 people with whom you don't want to be on their bad side- God's... &amp; @realDonaldTrump's!  I want to be on God's side!
Obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in Syria to protect Al Qaeda Islamists 
@bburt2367 Trump, by far!
Donald Trump Reviews Oscars: Django 'Racist,' Ceremony 'Boring,' Set 'Tacky'... 
@Shootar401: @realDonaldTrump You need to run for President and get this country back on the right track! Trump 2016  Thank you!
@allidoisowen   Thanks!
u201cThe object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.u201d - Gen. George S. Patton
@Fan_JCena Good luck!
.@KellyandMichael are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice
Be sure to check @fundanything to see my picks 
You can't tax business. Business doesn't pay taxes. It collects taxes. u2015 Ronald Reagan
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
@pegcitytimo: best @realDonaldTrump interview yet @LateShow  Thanks!
@KingJonnie1: @realDonaldTrump Wish you would host Apprentice UK! Be great to see a REAL business genius rather than a dull grumpy grey one
Looking forward to speaking at @ralphreedu2019s @FaithandFreedom Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great!
My comment last March - u201cAnthony Weiner is a sick pervert, you think he will change? He will never change.u201d 
Wind farms are now being paid to shut down 
It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave!
@oralobgyn: @realDonaldTrump @ctobin22 Good timing for Paula Dean to go public, and lots of lawsuits. Where's her lawyer? Asleep?  ASLEEP!
@karlbstumpf Yes and thanks.
@redneckcowboy_1 @piersmorgan Thanks.
@harkiret: @realDonaldTrump I think you would make a great president of the United States because you are an amazing leader Thank you!
@TruckerSamF: @realDonaldTrump @NickTryIt @ariannahuff @HuffingtonPost Arianna has 1.3 million followers  Trump is new and has 2.3 million
.@Ed_Kleinu2019s book u2018The Amateuru2019 is out in paper back.  Lots of insights.
Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back.
@MathemagicianUK: @realDonaldTrump @Numerologynow. I'm pretty sure it was like 10M. To turn that into 10B clearly shows he's good!
Karl Roveu2019s ads are the worst in political history!
.@alexsalmond RT @NOBLE74 I live in Aberdeenshire &amp; I'm with you, you have made a big difference to that bit (cont) 
@Its_FatTony: @realDonaldTrump how is it even possible to recover from 17Trillion in debt?  With GREAT.leadership it is easy!
Vince McMahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in WWE History. #WWEHOF 
Golf Odyssey just named Trump Scotland u201cGolf course of the year.u201dn
Remember, if you don't pat yourself on the back, nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!!
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient &amp; wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
.@GOP must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Donu2019t let Syria rule the agenda.
@Ziggi92  Good luck.
@davidgrieve: @realDonaldTrump whatu2019s with the ridiculously short apprentice episodes? :( @ApprenticeNBC Going back to two hours - ratings
@Sanfangas: @realDonaldTrump apparently you think you're funnier as well.@RealCoachHodge  Actually I do, and I don't have writers!
Many people look at successful people &amp; don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
Dress your best. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, tops all male business attire 
: @realDonaldTrump @HelpUServe When we have people eating out of trash cans in this country, we have no business helping any other country
Via @CBNNews:Exclusive: Backstage Interview w/ Donald Trump at CPAC 
@rmt834: @realDonaldTrump America needs a businessman to run the country,not a politician with zero business acumen.
@bgholms  Thanks.
@WinPropP: @UrplePingo My favorite person on twitter is @realDonaldTrump  Thanks!
@shelleysherwin: @realDonaldTrump....Trump Soho...... You're brilliant!  It has proven to be a great hotel....Thanks.
@LynchZC: @realDonaldTrump I think the real solution here is you running for president! Give it a shot! We need it. Thanks!
@jeffjarvis  You were a terrible editor who got fired?--and you were wrong.
@BlakeGermony: @realDonaldTrump the only man that understands politics, #trump2016
People have been asking to hear my Howard Stern interviewu2014you can access it on @HowardTV.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00.  Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!
.@AlexSalmond suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser.
@kdawnpatterson: Praying that you will consider running for president. You understand business &amp; know how to negotiate. #tump4prez
@murmiles: @realDonaldTrump Sir, will you be bringing the caddy service in-house at Doral, or sticking with a contractor?  In house!
@DREARECINO: @FredrikEklundNY: Biggest name in real estate! @realDonaldTrump ICON!Thanks!
@cjrj49: @realDonaldTrump please don't forget us people on the west coast #nospoiling  I won't-thanks!
Make no mistake, Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster.
When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team!
There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp; intelligence want it to be.
Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!
@itsjenwbitches: People can hate on @realDonaldTrump all they want, but in reality he's flying his jet over your fucking house as you tweet
@dkc628  Thanks Dorothy.
@StanMorris: @realDonaldTrump I've never liked Danny Zuker. Notice how he has a bunch of drones begging for jobs! He has no power over jobs
Obama hasn't released a budget in over 2 years &amp; for the 1st time House &amp; Senate delivered budgets before him 
@GenaLeeNolin   Great - call me, we'll get you on!
@HRdiva_NY  Thanks Tanja!
We should be concerned about the American worker &amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100,000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprentice
@JRACKER33: @realDonaldTrump 2016... Running for President? #Trump2016 Thanks.
@FunnyJS Great, thanks!
If @DannyZuker competed against me and.won (which not too many people do), he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity!
@Desperatedan17: @realDonaldTrump @Evan_Olson did u hear about the white throated pintails demise at the hands of the wind turbine?  Yes
@AgostinelliNick @DonaldJTrumpJr Very nice, thanks.
@ldn1017: @_KatherineWebb @realDonaldTrump how come katherine isn't a judge for miss USA???? Because she is friends with Miss Alabama!
Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
@sweetsare: @realDonaldTrump Hope the renovation is going well.  Thanks, when finished it will be the best in Country-and going well.
Doing an interview with @SteveDeaceShow. Discussing the ObamaCare  web disaster. Be sure to listen 
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills
Via @pbpost:  u201cFaldo calls team-up for golf course with Trump u2018entertainingu2019u201d 
@AllysonWardBrkr: @realDonaldTrump what the world needs is Trump for president so the world can start making sense again.  Thanks!
.@lisarinna did amazing on #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC.  Raising over $505K for @StJude, she made it to the Final Four.  Congrats Lisa.
I know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
For the haters, out of hundreds of deals or transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals.
It was just announced that @MacMilleru2019s song u201cDonaldTrumpu201d went platinumu2014tell  Mac Miller to kiss my ass!
A mediocre person tells. A good person explains. A superior person demonstrates....
I am a defender of @MileyCyrus, who I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels), but last night's outfit must go!
Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy.
Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday, then brings frivolous suit on Saturday.
Offshore Wind in Europe: Lessons for the U.S. 
@TonyCatering @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks!
.@MacMiller has over 79M hits on YouTube &amp; just hit platinum with his Donald Trump songu2014screw you Mac!
Don't worry, when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made, we will start doing the right things.
Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
@JimDaniell30809 @DaveCentrist True!
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria, the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!
@davidpylejr: @realDonaldTrump @edincamera2 @alphatreblesix you're not really smart Mr. Trump, you're an F-ing genius! I.Q. tests confirm!
Even @PiersMorgan is impressed by @THEGaryBusey. #CelebApprentice
@MariaDavidson10: @realDonaldTrump you have more followers than they (@billmaher @jayleno) do. So true, and am hopefully MUCH smarter!
@adambrownagency @MichaelaLBrown  Great!
@AdrianaStuijt Thank you.
@Matteo5anchez: @realDonaldTrump shut up u stuck up cock! Hope u lose ur cash and get run over  Too smart to lose the cash-run over, maybe
I can't resist hitting lightweight @DannyZuker verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)!
@Cheban42: @realDonaldTrump how did u feel Bout Mitt??  Very nice guy but just didn't resonate with the voters!
In beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of @TrumpDoralu2019s $250 million conversion into the country's #1 resort.
What did our very stupid &amp; ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean, during his trips to MY office, tell me about President Obama &amp; Governor Cuomo?
@Thomasblack2013 Sunday March 3rd on @NBC at 9 PM EST
When Warren Buffett &amp; others play w/ bankruptcy, nobody caresu2014when Trump plays the game, it becomes a big deal!n  
@BeaumontAnthony: @realDonaldTrump. Agree stop have a dig a DonaldJTrump and instead @AlexSalmond. Is to blame Greatest course was built!
@ejpasseos: #CPAC ticket sales spike dramatically after inviting @RealDonaldTrump.    Are you surprised!
u201cNever Ignore Donald Trumpu201d 
@CraryJohn There is none.
@hialexcarlson Thanks--just common sense.
Congrats @GretchenCarlson's new Fox show debuts w/ very strong ratings Donald Trump.
Via @Hometownlife: Donald Trump to speak at Lincoln Day Dinner at The Showplace in Novi 
@ZacKing30: @realDonaldTrump is officially the person I look up to! #billionaire #hero Thanks.
@MsSamanatha: @realDonaldTrump Sir you just made me cry when you gave @LilJon that 100,000 that is why U ROCK! Thanks, the show was fun!
We don't have the leadership, including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it.
RT @austinroneil: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for all the inspirational quotes. Helping encourage this young entrepreneur. :)
@ErolYalim  Could be true--thanks.
64 stories of golden glass over the strip, @TrumpLasVegasu2019 elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows 
@ellenmarie47: @realDonaldTrump @jannunz7 I agree. This country needs a business man's sense and Obama does not have it.  SO TRUE!
@Nautilus916 @1986Fed  Wrong!
Via @politicalwire: Tweet of the Day 
@DanilluHermman   The Wharton School of Finance is the best!
@blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan Because Piers won Celebrity Apprentice &amp; is wonderful--and I just started with Twitter.
@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump why don't you invest in the USA since you're the greatest Patriot?  I do, big league!
@ArberDoci: @DannyZuker I think you try and make fun of @realDonaldTrump because you're jealous. Try and compare your career to his.
@paulmilton28:ud83dudc4d Mr Trump. I bought one of your ties when I was in Manhattan.   Who is carrying your line here in Toronto? Macy's online.
Re: hiring contractors, remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone &amp; they may not be reliable.
Young entrepreneurs u2013 keep positive. Donu2019t let the ObamaCare disaster stop your endeavors. There are great opportunities out there.
A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.
@chadasletten Thanks.
@JoselynMartinez  Thank you Joselyn.
@mtneerjustice: @realDonaldTrump My husband and I went to Las Vegas in August and stayed at the Trump Hotel. We loved it!   That's great!
@lggarmon: I wish the @realDonaldTrump would be president, our country would be much better off than what it is. #WhatAmericaNeeds #Trump16
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
@Airmanfirst: @realDonaldTrump Think Weiner will move to a state that doesn't know him? He should move, better for him to make a new start
@Michelle823: @realDonaldTrump made in China! No way! Lead the manufacturing back to USA ! I am working hard to do so!
Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow, that would be the end, a disaster!
To show you how dishonest some of the press is, they took my funny &amp; (cont) 
The Golden Rule of Negotiating:  He who has the gold makes the rules.
@BordenRhodes: @realDonaldTrump I think you are the #MostPowerfulVoiceInMedia Then how come our government makes so many mistakes?
People donu2019t know that Eliotu2019s father is very rich. Eliot likes to pretend heu2019s poor to appeal to voters.
Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowedu2014only in America!
@ThomasARoberts   Thomas, you will be a fantastic host of the Miss Universe Pageant live from Moscow on Nov 9. Great doing your show today!
@pammygb  Good work, Pam.
u201cNever judge someone by their job title. Youu2019d be surprised at the talents people can have.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
Lance Armstrong is now going to admit guiltu2014can that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance.
.@CNN should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day &amp; get back to reporting!
Great evening with the @AmSpec &amp; the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Amazing crowdu2014thank you!
Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build website 
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at!
@Thatchers_Child: @piersmorgan @TraceAdkins @pennjillette @realDonaldTrump... And much better than @Lord_Sugar's show!  TRUE &amp; THANKS.
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump: 'Is the Boston Killer Eligible for Obama Care to Bring Him Back to Health?' 
@surferev: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfDC new course layout is unbelievable. 7800 yds long enough for the PGA or what?? Thank you!
@FrankRomeo31: @realDonaldTrump @garthdahdah don't forget SUCCESS! The most complimented cologne in my collection... by far!  Thanks!
@RVPAndrewZ Looking forward to it--thanks.
@Suzmo816: @realDonaldTrump She could share an apartment with Casey Anthony!  Very witty but not very funny!
Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess
@DBradleyRI   You are a great looking guy who is really smart - you can do much better than your current girlfriend - she's nothing!
@maverick1195 Thanks, I think!
@SunSentinel: New look for Blue Monster:@TrumpDoral's signature golf course is more challenging &amp; fan friendlier 
@WetzelDrake @ApprenticeNBC Thanks.
@TinkerP91: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for Monday mornings with Mr. Trump on Fox and Friends love to hear his opinion. Agree most times.
@anitanewell   True!
Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind.
Looks like a lawsuit against GoAngelo wonu2019t worku2014my ties &amp; shirts doing too well at Macyu2019s--he's actually helping. I have no damages!
@michaellunsford. Thanks.
@cbmcq Thank you.
@libbygaj: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE run for president in 2016 I will vote for you hands down  Our Country needs help, and fast!
.@Boeing stock went way down because of 787- so I just bought stock in @Boeing- great company!
@KevinMartinRI: I'm a big fan of the new @realDonaldTrump ties. 
Again, donu2019t forget to watch @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 ou2019clock EST.
Via @CNNMoney: Donald Trump gets into crowdfunding 
NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists &amp; violent criminals. Stop &amp; Frisk keeps streets &amp; subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly
Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thoughtu2014could happen to anyone! @MissUSA  @MissUniverse
@elamenwalker: @realDonaldTrump seen you speak at Charlotte Nc (ACN) that was awesome!  Thank you, a great audience.
u201cDon't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals.u201d - David Ogilvy
@iRazaAliShah: @realDonaldTrump - Donald you are anti-Obama no matter what Obama does, you will take the opposite view.  WRONG-all on merit
.@NYMag is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice &amp; charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack @jonathanchait.
First Minister @AlexSalmond will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines.
@BrandIdeator The Art of the Deal is a good start.
@MagicJeff: @realDonaldTrump @dallasmavs @okcthunder how many rings do you have? #donthateontheCubes  Nine billion!
My @CPACnews speech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp; cable news networks.
Happy 8th Anniversary to @MELANIATRUMP. 
Via The Hindu @businessline: Realty brand Donald Trumpu2019s India venture to sport desi tag 
Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all timeu2014no wayu2014it was @JerryRice!
u201cBe tough, be smart, be personable, but donu2019t take things personally. Thatu2019s good business.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@GenevieveByrne @TrumpPanama Thanks, great building!
I aim very high, and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what I'm after. - The Art of the Deal
I will be on @LateNightJimmy tonight.  Always have a good time with @jimmyfallon.  Now we know he will get high ratings tonight.
@charmed112586: @realDonaldTrump i live right near the hill school in pa and i heard that once in awhile you visit the school Great school
@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Wake up Donald, the world is awaiting your wisdom .  I know, such a burden.
Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp; arrest them!
@ritter1025  Ellis--get well soon!
@ST33LY_DAN @HowardStern  Thanks!
@MarcoMateoOchoa True!
Dummy goAngelo, keep letting people know how great my shirts, ties and cufflinks (also Success) are at Macy's.The BEST-now everyone's aware!
The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies.  And as we have learned from ObamaCare, Washington only makes things worse!
I hope everyone, or rather almost everyone, had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times
Shock - Obama WH given three pinocchios for lying about Benghazi emails 
@RonnaKirkland: @realDonaldTrump Send some ties to Eric Bolling. He needs them.   @ericbolling is this so?
u2026..Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan, never saw the guy in back.
@alan_ashe No, they have no guts.
Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many U.S. secrets).
Congratulations to @gretawire on the 11 year anniversary of @FoxNews 'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great.
@DeannaSpillyard: @realDonaldTrump Although I cannot speak for them, I think you made your family proud.Great job! : )   Thanks Deanna!
Via @Newsmax_Media: u201cTrump: @KarlRove u2018The Most Over-rated Man in Politicsu2019u201d 
Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman
@Mike_Kelly1  Thanks Michael.
@WIBWAriana    9?.  Thanks.
Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor, poor Country!
@NewYorkATM. Thanks.
@SportsWalnuts   And Jon Stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing!
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award, @TrumpGolfDCu2019s two courses grace over 600 acres on the Potomac River 
@CherylPotgieter: @realDonaldTrump just watched your Roast here in SA and u were brilliant Thank you!
Honest reporters stated that the Prayer Breakfast was going on during my CPAC speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines!
If you want to succeed, keep your edge. Staying on top of all new developments in your sector = major advantage that pays dividends.
Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates, therefore, to remain low.
American league wins!
For all of my millions of followers, and at your request, I will be tweeting tonight during President Obamau2019s speech!  9pm ET
@mschrock4 I never went bankrupt, you dope!
.@SenRandPaulu2019s Tea Party rebuttal to Obamau2019s SOTU explained why limited government promotes freedom. Well done!
@discretepi4you                    n @foxandfriends I look forward to your segment every week. Clear, concise and common sense! Thanks.
@BiggLogz This Sunday, March 3rd, at 9 PM EST on @nbc
Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the ObamaCare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014.
Thereu2019s a reason @mcubanu2019s partners canu2019t stand him and on top of that, the team sucks!
@RSPBScotland @alexsalmond, the same man that released Pan Am terrorist for humane reasons, will destroy Scotland with grotesque turbines!
u201cAll-Star Celebrity Apprenticeu201d ranked #1 for the 10 ou2019clock hour among ABC, CBS and NBC with a season-high 19% margin.
@michaelfrench52  Don't lie, you will watch with great gusto!
@DoctorEdsMom: @realDonaldTrump Just watched You on Letterman. You were Brilliant! Such a well-fed brain. I enjoyed You
@AndreasBoos Very true!
@A_manAdrian: @realDonaldTrump Best Twitter Follow! Commentary logical &amp; to the point !  Thanks!
@AndeyR. Thanks Andey.
@Austile147 U.S.A. is not rich, owes 17 trillion dollars.
@BeaumontAnthony. Next Sunday!
@GauravK725  Great!
@pantysoaker420: @realDonaldTrump @schulesix3 @JamesFrancoTV james franco is prettier than donald trump But I get better ratings!
@Givens1964  Very cool, thanks.
@MKasun Thanks.
@theehayleymarie: Few things in life are as wonderful as my @realDonaldTrump mattress. It's like laying on a cloud. #heavenly By Serta!
@kyleraccio: Windfarms are destroying the environment and bird wildlife. May not be politically correct, but it's the truth.
@yassinomar: The amount of Trump Towers in New York City is ridiculous. No simple man can build such an empire like .@realDonald  THANKS!!
@ashleyemom23 Happy Birthday!
@BaatorKosu: @realDonaldTrump awesome  Thsnks!
@alumadrifter: @realDonaldTrump @gameexpress1 I'm calling it for Jason day He probably just blew it!
Congrats to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans 
David Pecker would be a brilliant choice as CEO of TIME Magazine -- nobody could bring it back like David!  
.@alexsalmond  RT @islandbluenose nYou'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. Good Luck.
People are really liking the new ties and shirts @Macy's-they are amazing and selling great!
Just as I predicted, ObamaCare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented.
@Herbalist_mob: @realDonaldTrump determination made you who you are?  A very important element toward anyone's success!
@flyingcolours66   Thanks, it has been amazing!
.@BillBratton was a great choice for NYC Police Commissioner. He will make us proud, and safe!
@vcross8 Agreed, they're doing a great job.
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
@dynamicwil                 n@realDonaldTrump @AmSpec You deserve it! your a true entrepreneur! Thanks.
Can you imagine, with all of the talk about ObamaCare, technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
@kanikagahlaut: Can anyone explain why @JerrySeinfeld is so unfunny on twitter and @realDonaldTrump is so funny? Jerry is highly overrated
Part of Obamau2019s new-found confidence is that the Republicans arenu2019t using their power of ideas properly or effectively.
What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain, motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!).
@Chixbeach: @realDonaldTrump @Matteo5anchez Mr Trump why do you engage these dumb ass people? You're SO much better then any of them! FUN!
Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice, hundreds of lives would be saved!
@mike121z. No!
@rspnp0712: @realDonaldTrump you for President!  Thanks.
Congrats to @BreitbartNewsu2019 @mboyle1 on being awarded  the prestigious 'Eagle Award for Amnesty Reporting'  
@ruralbeeffarmer   Big pollution during manufacturing and building process!
If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it. -- Charles Kettering
Because I will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie #RoadHard. 
@SmuMom54 He should meet him &amp; beat him--but that doesn't look like it's going to happen.
I played football and baseball, sorry, but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached.
@ellie_sinclair  Thanks Ellie, I will.
@RSmithMIA: @realDonaldTrump what's your favorite book?  Trump, The Art of the Deal.
@lucysmommichele: @realDonaldTrump Gary Busey cracks me up! He definitely has a different outlook on life! Thanks for The Apprentice! Nice
@Zaranawabzadi: @realDonaldTrump @Jahbalon Trust me its been a while we saw an American as a president. i am for Sir Donald
@VeIvetRose  Also true!
If you fail once, twice, three times, it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is!
@tombwiles: @realDonaldTrump You forgot to mention the stylish cufflinks.  True - people love them - thanks!
My @foxandfriends int. on IRS targeting Tea Party, the Benghazi death scandal &amp; @TraceAdkins v. @pennjillette finale 
Obama told the UN that u201cthe world is more stable than it was 5 years ago.u201d Is he delusional?
Donu2019t believe the manipulated job numbers. Walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory.
@tylerhogan1 You could never beat me at golf--18 club championships.
@YadiraNASA: @cschlechta: @realDonaldTrump quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC?  Tuesday for PGA
If Jon Stewart is so above it all &amp; legit, why did he change his name from Jonathan Leibowitz? He should be proud of his heritage!
@Y0landaRiggins  Thanks.
@BearMountainCR: @realDonaldTrump Did you ever think you would have a TV series outside of R.E.?  Never!
Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC-@Cadillac Championship on March 6th-10th...
@Bretty1973 Thanks--enjoy your visit.
@royroper: @realDonaldTrump we need to get the unemployed back to work.  That is a big part of the answer!
@DanSchreibs  Dope!
@Cookvol: @realDonaldTrump Visited Chicago 4 1st time and saw your fantastic addition to skyline. Amazing and locals call it a success!
@CarmineMig21: @realDonaldTrump u were great   Thanks Carmine!
@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Mark will go down in history as a clownish buffoon. Mark my words. I agree with you-and a loser!
Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see, I can stick up for China)
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report
@Catherine1840: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the new season of Apprentice but we still need ur business sense for our nation!  Thanks!
Dummies @Deadspin had their big payday taken from them by others in the media.
@0xbloood: @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump Hey I LOVE @realDonaldTrump He is a man that commands authority  Thank you!
@dszippit: Trump University Liberal Witch Hunt I hope they lose,and get counter sued.@realDonaldTrump
Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST!
Thanks @SherriEShepherd 4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific!
... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came inu2014and nowu2014dead silence!
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!
@SeanKAnderson: @realDonaldTrump I have so much respect for you that I don't care that you blatantly criticize the President I support!
@NuccioKing: If he was white u wouldnt be saying that shit. RT.  He is white dummy! What have you been taking!
I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday!
@Bobbysoo80: @realDonaldTrump as if you would ever be president!! Some of your followers are pure RETARDS! Don't underestimate their genius
@ChrissstinaC: @realDonaldTrump I've been watching The apprentice since I was 10 and thats really all I get excited for in the winter #love
Wise words from my mother:  u201cTrust in God and be true to yourself.u201d  Mary MacLeod Trump
@scifivision @CelebApprentice  Thanks Jamie. Tune in March 3rd for the new season--you'll love it.
@realMikeShapiro   True Michael!
The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare!
@TheRC3: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to seeing more idiots blasted today. Keep exposing the fools! #TrumpUSA
@dietztrott Thanks--and great job, David--what a great evening.
@kwatkiins: saw @realDonaldTrump on a video in history yesterday... made my day #smartestmanalive  Thanks, very nice.
@DanScavino: Great job on @GretaWire Mr. Trump! #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump
@1fos1 Pay attention, study more than what is required, keep your focus on the big picture. And good luck.
Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him!
Via @theobserver: Donald Trump: Lake Norman golf course 'one of the hottest places around' 
@THE_OBM: @realDonaldTrump Managed to play some rounds at your course in Scotland. Possibly the best course I've played. Great job, Don.
The Pope should not have resignedu2014he should have lived it out. It hurts him, it hurts the church...
@Ashley33331 True, but the losers don't know that--thanks.
...Remember--I told you so.
Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed!
The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
@Mbrown1047: @realDonaldTrump - 52 and thinking of trying real estate as a new career. Good idea in our current economy, or not? Great idea
Located in beautiful Briarcliff, NY, @TrumpNationalNY features a 7,291 yard course just 25 minutes outside NYC 
@ckmagic32  Thanks Mark.
Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman, after years of looking, file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case!
@TMPLUSII: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one day
Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
u201cSpend your time enjoying your big dreams.u201d  - Think Big
One hit wonder @DannyZuker, I notice you are not disputing all of the failures that I said you had. Let's talk about it!
@cwide12: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag never had the stinking NYMag but if I did I would cancel for the Trump!  It's dead anyway!
@poppjoe: @realDonaldTrump I've been to Shanghai airport and its amazing. We are 3rd world , no direction from our president. SAD
Via @newsbusters: u201cDonald Trump Issues Statement Regarding $5 Million Lawsuit Against Bill Maheru201d 
ObamaCare is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services.
@penguin_rob  like ugly, bird killing wind turbines!
I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people &amp; many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin &amp; Staff.
The boardroom and @WrestleMania- I'm watching great entertainment tonight! #CelebApprentice
Itu2019s been great making so many new friends at Trump @DoralResort for the @CadillacChamp. Good luck to everyone!
Obama is now warning North Korea on the Yongbyon nuclear reactor 
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
@crainey777  Thanks Chuck.
Congratulations to @NewYorkObserver on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. Great paper under amazing management!
If Christian Bale turned down $50M to return as Batman he should have his head examined. What was he thinking?!
@trentnanny09 Thanks Traci. Hi to your son.
Speaking to a record crowd of over 20,000 people in Charlotte Arena this Saturday morningu2014look forward to it!
@GangsterDannyG1: @realDonaldTrump What was Bush and Obama's biggest mistake.  The lives and $1.5 trillion spent on Iraq-which is failing.
Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.
@efswagner Thanks.
The only American who has met with the North Korean man child is Dennis Rodman.  Isnu2019t that frightening and sad?
@vindictivraider: @realDonaldTrump Well quit yapping about and run for office. I like your ideas. DO IT!!
Why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent Americans?
What team would you choose to win? #CelebApprentice
The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon, we are just going to do a death spiral!
@AmberLay2013 Thank you.
@TonyTurko: @realDonaldTrump NBC Report: White House Taking Obamacare Website Offline Again For u201cRepairs.
@droppinloads29 @billmaher @Rosie But Rosie is smarter than @billmaher
I just saw my new tie &amp; shirt collectionu2014itu2019s fantasticu2014unbelievable look. Go to Macyu2019s now to buy!
In standing by @dennisrodman I was  also representing many people who have addiction problems &amp; are working hard to come back.
@Mimi_La_Reina: @fogslifting @realDonaldTrump @Redskins that will never fly! They'd have to do the same for the Chiefs, Braves, Indians ect
@markrucci @e_hig  Great going Mark.
@IMSJustJustin:  TRUMP2016! You can preach a better sermon with your life than your lips. Please, Sir, make the announcement! #Patriotic
@jimmy_mac1964: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president.. We need a true leader... This country needs a Trump makeover.
@_maleki_: @realDonaldTrump : Give the people what they want and announce your candidacy for president 2016. Thank you, very nice.
What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything, including delay and big cash!
I really liked everyone at the @WWE Hall of Fame ceremony--fantastic people!
@RyanTheDee  Hopefully he will not destroy Scotland.
@JakePINZ: @realDonaldTrump is a damn GENIUS ! Thank you.
@allanlarson Swing hard.
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. More, and bigger, comingu2026
.@THEGaryBusey is making no attempt to help. Is he in BuseyLand? Their team is short on help alreadyu2026 #CelebApprentice
@GregE_IoM. Only in your weak mind!
Twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts.
Obamau2019s second term is going to very tough for the Republicans.  The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart.
@elbatata_ok The Art of the Deal is a good introduction.
@CTrain_: @realDonaldTrump Honestly who gives a shit where Obama was born? It's where he lives now that's the problem    Interesting!!!!
@wykkdlilchit: @realDonaldTrump The truth that needed to be heard. Voice of common sense! YOU'RE HIRED!!
Overlooking Central Park, @TrumpNewYork brings both glamor and prestige to your Five Diamond hotel stay 
@saredelman: @realDonaldTrump is the greatest. To everyone who hates on him, HE DOES NOT CARE WHAT YOU SAY. ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02
@seanhannity  #Defund Obamacare!
@DbagsLoveMe I will, thanks!
Kern County, CA has secured $1.2B for windfarms 
Whether you love, like or hate Donald Trump, I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings!
I am getting worried about Chris @hardball_chris Matthews.  Is he drinking again?
@masov40                   n@ryanjorde @realDonaldTrump money solves all problems #momoneymoproblems Wrong!
.@RNC report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. Short on ideas. Just giving excuses to donors.
According to @pewresearch, illegal immigrants favor Dems 8:1 
@kfonkwa @PiersMorganLive  Thank you.
After decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs &amp; R&amp;D, the Chinese will u2018overtake Americau2019 in 2016 ...
@InNovember2012: @realDonaldTrump I would prefer a Trump/Giuliani ticket, but a Trump/Anyfreakingbody ticket would make me delirious.
@Brn2ShpFrcd2Wrk  Okay--hi Maria!
@specialk211: @realDonaldTrump I really miss @bretmichaels on All-Star Apprentice Will he be back as a judge? Yes!
@kylesmith300: @realDonaldTrump I agree about the wind turbines they are horrible
@sonaderi: @realDonaldTrump @coolchange80 And you're okay with the government spying on you? Must have power to stop terrorists etc.
It's important to remain open to new ideas and new information. Keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing.
@theHunterWatts  Thanks, enjoy.
@mcs3289: Who is the better boss? Mr. or Mrs. Trump? Can't wait to find out next week! @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC
@Coolness156: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, I loved when you called into the Howard Stern show. It was so real and insightful! Thanks.
@AlannaWannabe: Say what you want about @realDonaldTrump, he is a brilliant business man.  TRUE!
Eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against Scott Stringer. He canu2019t spin his failing and contemptible public record.
More on Benghazi cover up: u201cATTORNEY FOR WHISTLEBLOWER: 400 U.S. MISSILES STOLEN IN BENGHAZIu201d 
@VanityFair Read this &amp; you will understand why Vanity Fair is going down the tubes.
I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly, he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor!
@SammyPotatoes  True!
@JonReidHotchner: @realDonaldTrump I wanna be noticed by the next president of the good ol' US of A any chance of that? Yes!
@helen39639472: @realDonaldTrump I think that you should run for President and be elected to that office. Good luck in all you do. THANKS!
The White House has just admitted Al Qaeda was involved in Benghazi 
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
@99or1youdecide Thank you.
Look, I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself, including recently. His life will now be hell.
Sorry folks, got to go to work now - but I'll be baaaaack!
@MrsDaRe: @realDonaldTrump It breaks my heart u won't run 4 president and help so many more of us! Lets see what happens!
@kat3500 Fantastic.
@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump More obvious every day: America desperately needs Trump at the helm! 
Enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success. u2015 Conrad Hilton
@WeskusOuma: @realDonaldTrump What other attacks?  Read the transcripts etc.
Trump Organization's first project in India, Trump Towers Pune, will epitomize inspired living and timeless elegance 
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
@MrDewMaster @newsbusters  I will!
@pdattolo79: @realDonaldTrump was amazing on Letterman. When are you officially going to announce you are running for President in 2016?
I know you don't like to hear this @DannyZuker but the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far bigger than the biggest nights of Mod Fam
u201cItu2019s a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@kateywhitey I am right--current tense.
@MikeAmbo5: @realDonaldTrump I had no idea Bryant Gumbel was still on TV. Another issue of someone using you to gain a little relevancy
Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
Why isnu2019t the @GOP congress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare?
God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today.  You will never be forgotten!
... at Madison Square Garden followed by a ceremony with 80,000 people at MetLife Stadium, Wrestlemania.
What do you think of water boarding the Boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? I suspect he may talk!
@asaadhutchinson: @realDonaldTrump how do you deal with haters?  Laugh at them!
@1JeffHensley: @realDonaldTrump @DuaneMcAnally Donald we need you in 2016. Youre the only one who can turn us around now!! TRUMP 2016 TRUE
@LaDaleBuggs  Thank you.
@HawksFanDenver: @realDonaldTrump What is the best way to grow money when not starting with much?  Marry a rich person!
Via @bluegreentweet: Scottish wind farm opposed by Donald Trump delayed
Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!
@jsheehangolf: @realDonaldTrump and @oreillyfactor need to run this country. It's not rocket science...ps can't wait to see Doral!
@AccountsRS                        n@realDonaldTrump Thank you for saving new york from another Spitzer era.  We got lucky!
Rated Toronto's #1 hotel, @TrumpTO has 261 guest rooms &amp; suites furnished in elegant, cosmopolitan style.  
@ChrisColgan: @realDonaldTrump - Congrats on being the greatest real investor of our time Thank you!
The same people that built the ObamaCare website used, as the face of the website, someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.
@sirtyro                  n@realDonaldTrump How do you deal with anxiety?  I don't! I refuse to even think about it. Be positive.
@Godlike_Virus: @realDonaldTrump For 2016. Change that we REALLY can depend on.
@TNHicks  She was great!
Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more)
@Preppermeister  Thanks and good luck.
Congrats to @TimTebow on making @Patriotsu2019 first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you.
@ilory: Whao! So good to know that I share the same birthday as my mentor @realDonaldTrump. Tomorrow's our Birthday!!!!!! Happy birthday!
u201cThe world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.u201d - @rupertmurdoch
@foodnfocus Happy Valentine's Day!
Via @worldnetdaily: JAILED U.S. PASTOR'S WIFE PRAISES TRUMP: 'I hope more people like him will speak out'  
@rubletz True--isn't it sad!
@LilJon @AmDiabetesAssn  It was my honor, you're a great guy &amp; your mother would be very proud of you.
@mena_le @ApprenticeNBC Wrong--not even close!
@MamaBabyHood  Work hard, focus, be persistent and think smart.
@anthonyjmyers: @realDonaldTrump as for #TrumpUniversity I have ONLY ever heard GREAT things from former students. Don't sweat it!
.@melaniatrump will be on @theviewtv today at 11am ET discussing @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice &amp; her  skin care collection. Tune in!
@chef_riggy  I never endorsed Judd - I'm with Senator Mitch all the way!
@jrzbeach  Thanks Eileen!
We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new, bigger, and better Blue Monster!
@EdmondShami: @realDonaldTrump just started reading your book #ThingBig, it's freaking amazing!
@WLynton: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you just block the morons that try annoy you? They make me feel even smarter-not worth the effort!
@debbiecraig817: @realDonaldTrump #BEST SHOW=HARD TOO TOP    Thanks
Dopey @billmaher still owes me $5M for charity.  I hope he pays up before @hbo fires him--which will happen!
Watching @TigerWoods on NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger!
@Beliefheals  Thank you, good luck.
@morningafterbil: @realDonaldTrump I can't imagine you being bad at anything. You are the real most interesting man in the world. Wow,nice
@Maddie_Rene: @realDonaldTrump trump would be a great president he would be strong and truly fight for the US. freeing up the market.Thanks
@tubby511 @BarackObama  He is too smart to do that!
Wacko pervert @AnthonyWeineru2019s idea of Hispanic outreach is using Carlos Danger as his sexting. Heu2019s an insensitive racist.
@KSV_3: I want @realDonaldTrump to tweet me so bad! Huge fan! #Trump2016
@BritniMacchia: @realDonaldTrump Is it time for another season of Celebrity Apprentice yet?!  Very soon!
Take your work seriously, take yourself less seriously. Itu2019s a great recipe for some good times &amp; great memories.
@Bayojay: u201c@realDonaldTrump: A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandelau201d
With Dr. Dror Paley &amp; Dr. Ben Carson with two wonderful children at Mar-a-Lago. 
@RealRoesch: @MatthewDoyle33 SICK!!!! @realDonaldTrump is my idol   Thanks Austin!
@ErolYalim  Thanks and yes.
@ovobeckford2: RT: @realDonaldTrump  Hahahahahahaha. Smart guy. I think he did same to me. Trump is loved in Nigeria via the Apprentice.
Great basketball game going on right now!
@Midgespeaks  I want him to do a great job but he can't.
@mcuban is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television, The Benefactor. Now he is one of many on a modest ratings show, S T.
First segment of my @seanhannity @FoxNews interview discussing @GOP are terrible negotiators &amp; lost all their cards 
@taliahfogal: One of my favorite celeb that I follow is definitely @realDonaldTrump, hands down #success #truth  Thanks.
Congratulations to my friend @seanhannity on @hannityshow 1,000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! Great going!
Wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day. - Think Big
Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
For all of those that think life is easy &amp; donu2019t want to work, remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MANu2019S BREAD.
@blueice67: @realDonaldTrump can't wait to watch the best show ever!! #theapprentice   Thanks.
u201cBe flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.u201d u2013 Think Big
CPAC attendees &amp; fellow patriots - lines for my @CPACnews start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. Make sure to get there early!
@PatrickMendezNV: They're going to make you their @TIME person of the year in attempt to silence you.  They are not smart enough to do that
Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!
Obama now just wants to save face, Russia is now telling him don't do it. He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared.
@sad__mom: @realDonaldTrump when i watch the clouds all i see is your face and think successWow!
Gary Sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundationu2014check it out @GarySiniseFound
@MoorePhilly: @realDonaldTrump Love every minute of #CelebApprentice.
@pbaratelli: @realDonaldTrump also mention charity payment when PGA tour comes there for the event.  True!
The new reality. u2018China Dailyu2019 is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place.
@Ashbash032: @realDonaldTrump don't waste time on your haters!Let them hate, you keep building your empire #respect #jealoushaters  Great!
@CosmicShiftBar @I_Am_Optimistic Thanks.
@mgmacdon: @realDonaldTrump thinking of booking #trump Vegas for our anniversary. How are the rooms? Do they sell Trump water? Great &amp; yes
Thanks Matthew!
Via @ TheScotsman: u201cDonald Trump to lay out new golf course planu201d 
@GetKraven: @realDonaldTrump sir, you would have my vote 100% guaranteed if you decided to show these DemoRATS how to run this country.
@bakerjb19 China will only rule if we let them--or are stupid.
@AndeyR @rodstewart  Thanks Andey.
Our prayers are with Rev. @BillyGraham for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all.
@teamreiss8   Thanks.
The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts!
@PIETIEV  Thanks!
Enviro friendly? AP IMPACT: Obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles, birds despite federal laws 
u201cGet in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.u201d u2013 My father, Fred C. Trump
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp; disaster
Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue!
Itu2019s Tuesday.  How much money will Karl Rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the House?
Watch me get inducted into the #WWEHOF tonight at 10PM on USA. I will be posting exclusive behind theu2026 
@inkinhole  Very sad, isn't it!
Via @advisorsource: Donald Trump speaks in Novi, drawing largest crowd in Oakland County Republican Party's history
@HappiiKarii: @realDonaldTrump why didn't you run for this term?  I should have, I would have won!
@Andrew_Patrick @DCGovWeb @DCGovTwit  Deal done--too late dopey!
@Arseburgers: @realDonaldTrump @itsHODAIFA When you die the world will be better  Very nice - you sound like a really wonderful person!
@dmacduff11: @realDonaldTrump What do you think of Mac Miller? Went platinum with Donald Trump song, 80 million hits, without my approval!
When I jokingly said bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple because Apple has not been doing well, the haters &amp; losers had a field day!  Sad.
@littlechutemike: @realDonaldTrump your business sense is amazing. I hope one of my children grow up to be as successful as you  Very nice
Remember, Celebrity Apprentice  tonight  on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot!
Board Room finale of this weeku2019s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goesu2026It's great!
Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S.  It's called good dealmaking or, simply, leadership! Cajole.
In this time of economic turmoil where millions of Americans are unemployed, our tax dollars are paying @BillMoyers' big @PBS salary!
Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.
@lorraine0914: @realDonaldTrump the people that don' t like you just wish they were you! I adore you and your beautiful family!  Thanks L.
@905K9 Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
@iPhoneTeam  Better get a large screen iPhone, and fast, or risk losing even more business. Samsung cannot believe you have not acted! DUMB!
@geeopee: @realDonaldTrump why are you wasting your time with Cuban? You are right!
@TimTMahar: @realDonaldTrump when you leave Russia, please bring back some leaders!  Interesting!
@LeChrisPace            nFollowing @realDonaldTrump was probably my best decision #bear  Thanks.
@JohnSim96499126: @realDonaldTrump Damn, Bryant Gumbal is So Not Relevant on the scale of ANYTHING...  So true!
Looking over New York City with luxurious 5 Star hotel rooms, @TrumpNewYork  top dining &amp; amenities 
@DanScavino: @realDonaldTrump - it's so bad there are actually maps of targets now in #Syria &amp; where USA ships would attack from.
@Kelley_1968: @realDonaldTrump we hit 3,000 VIEWS today for #BREAST #CANCER- KNOW you care! PLEASE RT!
@a123r7o  Thanks, good choice &amp; good luck.
Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!
@deluxeboss: @realDonaldTrump @Bobbyukip Your investment in the UK is welcome. Thanks for being you.  Thank you!
@Richardjnandlal  Very nice, best wishes!
@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Don't think I can watch news anymore. O is doing such a good job of turning US into joke, I can't look anymore
@dm3300: @realDonaldTrump @TEApublican Donald Trump for President!!  Interesting!
Be sure to watch u201cThe History of WrestleManiau201d on @netflix. My interview explains how I supported the event early on. I'm proud of it.
How does @HBO employ @BillMaher with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of a special is that? Complete garbage!
@paulkay220  Great and thanks Paul.
RT @MollyCBraswell: WHAT?! @realDonaldTrump is speaking at #CPAC2013? This conference just became, like, a hundred times more awesome!
@harrell_kelly Thanks Kelly.
Where is the President?  It is time for him to come on TV and show strength against the repeated threats from North Korea -- and others.
@RickShauntz: @realDonaldTrump @SStew3 we need the art of the deal Very true!
@CONKJR:   did you tour @TrumpGolfLA. One of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in Martin Howard Thank you!
@Tanann5: @realDonaldTrump Love you to death...think you r amazing and brilliant! LIKE YOUR STRAIGHT FORWARD TALK....Thanks!
@PaulSRiddell  Thank you.
@FranzThompson: @LOUISFANUCCHIIV Go vote and support @realDonaldTrump at 
There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare, spying, NSA, IRS, brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END?
@ZacharyZermay: @realDonaldTrump I just find it hilarious how you screwed Gaddafi.  Too bad our Country can't do the same!
Follow me on Instagram- 
Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners, who have suffered enough!
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!
@nymike7: @kaatje36 let me ask if you dislike @realDonaldTrump then why do you read his tweets? Because they can't live without me-haters!
@jimmymcgreevy Thanks Jim!
Champion @bretmichaels is back competing in the upcoming All-Star @CelebApprentice. Premiere is March 3rd on @NBC at 9 p.m. EST.
@David18Graham. Thanks David.
@Farmersagentn8  Thanks, we'll see!
@eboy12318   Thanks!
@MaaattyB: @realDonaldTrump are you in Aberdeen just now? How is the course looking?  Fantastic!
@m_i_c_h_a_e_l_m: @realDonaldTrump you are a very handsome man   I know, but the haters and losers never give me credit for that! Too bad.
@trentdav  Thanks.
@Rosegalwines @RNC Many people agree.
@euan888 @David_Cameron @AlexSalmond So true!
@theBARBAshop: maybe ill go to Macy's and buy a @realDonaldTrump shirt and tie combination for my cousins wedding, stuff's beautiful Great
Congratulations to @MikeTyson on the success of his new book Undisputed Truth &amp; @HBO special--and thanks for the nice words, Mike.
@joedmti: @realDonaldTrump U crack me up. I love how a man of ur wealth, fame and stature doesn't mind mixing it up. Part of success!
@AGALLEGOS32    Thanks!
@WilsonLeeFlores: @realDonaldTrump @Chris_McNall is that hype or truly the world's best #golf course? It is the World's best golf course!
@ptcurtis: @realDonaldTrump Is NY so out of touch they would vote in Weiner?  In this crazy World, anything is possible!
@jaime_rg                       nThink Like a Billionaire. By: @realDonaldTrump. A Must-Read. 
@StephenWancha         n@realDonaldTrump @TrumpCollection great to see you building more in Canada!!! Thanks.
Congratulations to Boston on the @RedSox World Series victory. Earned and deserved.
@FauxAndyLuck: .@realDonaldTrump literally everyone knew that since the playoffs started.  Wrong!
@normancom1: @realDonaldTrump after following your career for over 20 yrs, I conclude you are the real thing.. run for public office,please
Set the bar high, do the best you possibly can, and believe in yourselfu2014because if you donu2019t, no one else will either.
Obamau2019s speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow, he really feels emboldened.
@SinCityVinnie: @realDonaldTrump #celebrityapprentice is the absolute best show on television.   THANKS!
@afrodeziak: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @NYMag Mr. Amira, Are you man enough to apologize ??  He is not man enough!
Back by popular demand, this yearu2019s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC sees the return of @claudiajordan! Our fans love her.
@pblomgren: @realDonaldTrump It's late EST. Having a hard time sleeping? Ur Zimmerman comment was the most intelligent I've seen yet
Itu2019s a shame to hear that the @dcexaminer is failing. No one wants the paper, even if it is being handed out for free.
Cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for u20ac10bn bail-out. We owe $17T. Think it canu2019t happen here?
@RiqardPaliq: @realDonaldTrump you are my inspiration,you are true legend,and i wish i had same fate like you!!!  You are doing well.
@c4662: @realDonaldTrump a plus for run at the presidency: can work w/unions. The American Spirit is down and out. Change is needed.
@jeanpierreaboud: I wanna be @realDonaldTrump when i grow up :p ! Work hard and smart!
@foolishvessel                     n - was so awesome u hosted @NaghmehAbedini this week! Please give it ur utmost to #FreeSaeed! I will!
@adamjackson73  Yes.
Sorry to hear @msnbc was dead last, in the gutter, in their Boston bombing coverage 
@twittahmachine0: @realDonaldTrump mr trump for president  Thank you!
@Skooogs Great!
u201cFaldo to rework two Doral coursesu201d 
Are you expanding your business? Interview returning soldiers. Give them strong consideration. Their sacrifices deserve it.
Why does @mcuban continue to embarrass the 31-35 &amp; 11TH place @dallasmavs with childish behavior? Really unprofessional!
@MissyNewman12. Thanks.
@nysportfan4life: @realDonaldTrump Will you be at the Yankee game tomorrow? Yes!
.@dallasmavs is 1-12 against the Western Conferenceu2019s top four seeds after Sundayu2019s loss &amp; @okcthunder swept the season series.
@darrengiven Thanks Darren.
@TwitOvershare: u201c@koznneffect: @realDonaldTrump mr trump, you are a brilliant man!u201d  I agree, but thanks!
@RoborBobor Thank you.
@whitneykray @IvankaTrump  Great!
@shaminabaspr @MarioLopezExtra  Thanks!
@RobertW33157775 Thanks.
@BobSmit98038199: @realDonaldTrump Don Trump is Gods gift to America  Thanks Bob.
@TeaPartyHub: Infuriating that our government buys our flags from China! Such disrespect! 
Let's see whether or not Chuck Townsend @CondeNastCorp is smart enough to fire Graydon Carter, who only cares about his bad food restaurants
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
@mikefavreece: @realDonaldTrump your staff couldn't have been better. Absolute pleasure. Thank you.  Great!
Entrepreneurs are all unique. One way to build a business and turn it into a  brand is to know who you are. - Midas Touch
@dolliemjs02: @realDonaldTrump I liked Donald Trump on The To Night Show with David Letterman  Thanks!
@general_lauri: @realDonaldTrump The Donald is the only reason I tweet!  Thanks lauri!
@BBPACK  Happy birthday!
FLASHBACK: u201cAlex Salmond pleaded with Donald Trump to back release of Lockerbie bomberu201d 
@Truthisthat1: @ForQ2 @Arseburgers @realDonaldTrump You are powerless online, and powerless in real life Why do you follow.me moron!
@DerrinTexada Good luck--work hard!
@HShoyeb @Lord_Sugar @piersmorgan  Thanks
@kevconnorsespn. Great and good luck!
My @SteveDeaceShow int. on China, the economy and my upcoming keynote at @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit 
@Skyhawk442  Yes, and I am Presbyterian.
@borland_jim Macy's ships to Canada! Just go to: 
Via @HotelierME: Olympic golf course designer named by Trump-Damac 
Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Now A-Rod doesnu2019t even show up to his single-A rehab games.  Maybe the @Yankees will get lucky and @MLB will suspend A-Rod.
My friend Larry King @kingsthings asked me to do an interview with himu2014he was always great to meu2014&amp; I agreed. Watch tonight 9 PM on RTV.
Hamas has warned Pres. Obama not to visit the Temple Mount during his trip to Israel 
@TheeSir_ZenSA: @realDonaldTrump Plays a huge role in what kind of a business man I would love to be.I respect him and look up to him.
I hope you buy my shirts and ties at @Macys
@JoseConesa01: @realDonaldTrump It is time for REAL change. Donal J. Trump 2016. Obama, you're FIRED  Thanks for the nice words!
Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. Thatu2019s an absolute disgrace.
@ApprenticeNBC is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty @MELANIATRUMP who reveals her great skin care collection. @lordandtaylor
@WCMartzOfficial  So true!
@RonaldFasshauer True!
@TheChrisRooney: @realDonaldTrump my bro lives at your Charlotte property and said the club is fantastic! Great, thanks!
Please help @autismspeaks with their petition to the White House for a national strategy for the autism epidemic 
Via @amspec by Jeffrey Lord: Is Eric Schneiderman a Crook?  What a great writer &amp; researcher--amazing story. 
@smoss319: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!! XoSM mosscreativemediagroup  Thank you Susan!
@GOP2014FTW @GOP  Third party is tough.
@RandyMinshew: America needs a brilliant patriot like @realDonaldTrump to guide this country!  Thank you!
@biglakeshow: @realDonaldTrump @germany28364 I'm all for #Donald trump   Thanks, he is easy!
When I think big, which is often, you can be sure Iu2019m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for.
u201cSometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.u201d - @VinceMcMahon
@LongLiveTheBOSS   Thank you, very nice!
@KennethHazlett An answer would not be pretty!
Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking?
@aMANinMANHATTAN: We are all wondering who @realDonaldTrump likes in tonight's fight! #MayweatherCanelo #sohohouse  Mayweather!
@AnishaBhasin1   You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly, an amazing couple!
u201cIf you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.u201d-Think Big
@gretawire Greta--Don't let it get you down--you are a winner and Tina is not.
Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement. Terrible move &amp; bad precedent.  Could have done much better by fighting.
@Candy_Uptigrove  Thanks.
@VanityFair   Wow, I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer, it's really in bad shape!
He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
@USFiscalSanity  Work hard.
Elections have consequences. Obama just published u201cfinal regulations for ObamaCareu2019s individual mandateu201d 
.@limbaugh is right. Watergate is much different than Benghazi. No one died in Watergate.
@thejbrain: @realDonaldTrump Very well said. The United States needs people like you to show what truly leadership means! So true!
@DreadPhil1   Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better!
There wonu2019t be any new gun legislation. No surprise. Americans support the 2nd amendment.
@johnnyboob2: @realDonaldTrump haha you went bankrupt once? thats sad and embarassing I never went bankrupt moron-see Buffett,Kravis,Zell!
@KevinGSmithJr: .@realDonaldTrump - I often times don't agree with you politically, but I enjoyed your Interview on Letterman. Thanks!
A really nice article about the Blue Monster from u201cThe Street.u201d      n
@goonerdad52  Hi Chris.
The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
.@tomhanks was fabulous in @LuckyGuyPlay last nightu2014as was the entire cast.
@rrpsllc  Thank you.
@TrumpVancouver has makings of iconic landmark: Erickson-designed highrise  ... 
@DavidSBaldwin                     n@realDonaldTrump &amp; #NelsonMandela. Both legends.  Wow, what a compliment.
@MasonMugwire: @realDonaldTrump Would it kill you to have a little humility now and then?  Probably!
thilan_GolfSwag               n@realDonaldTrump Played Doral for the first time. absolutely great course! Fantastic job! Thanks.
Mrs. Goldberg, who filed the Chicago case many years ago, is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her.
@CaptainNdiet  It will be great!
@jlow6603: Best part about Monday mornings is listening to @realDonaldTrump on Fox and Friends! You should run for POTUS!! Thank you!
@DonDonS1383: @realDonaldTrump Did you hear they caught those animals who killed that lawyer in the mall parking lot? That is great news!
@britonian: @realDonaldTrump lol ur delusional. He's got more smarts in his left nut than u do in ur whole wig!! Wrong dummy-no.contest!
Assad hit the jackpot!
One positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o!  Why did Lance do that interview?
Call @MELANIATRUMP today on @QVC  at 5 PM EST, say hello, and buy buy buy!
A beautiful view from my office today- 
I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way!
Consumer prices rose in June due to OPEC 
@LadyGaydar: @realDonaldTrump you are an important person that's why @HuffingtonPost @ariannahuff can't stop talking about you.
Are you a Democrat running in a race you should lose? Get @KarlRove to run an ad against you and you will win.
@RobStylz: one of my all time favorite episodes of Fresh Prince is the one with @realDonaldTrump #classic 
@nolanitenyc Sad!
@jenconservative: @realDonaldTrump Not to mention we probably don't have the money to spend on another long war!!  So true!
@kata2bijak: You have to have BIG ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ Donald Trump
@madccat1: @realDonaldTrump love @CelebApprentice . Favorite show of all time...every time! Great!
Obama has called @GOP terrorists during this showdown. Itu2019s a shame he really doesnu2019t think it because then he would meet all @GOP demands.
The new reality.  Chinau2019s economy u2018underpinsu2019 global demand 
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!
@AlrightJarret: Mr @realDonaldTrump do you have any advice for a young entrepreneur? Yes, come up with a great idea and work your ass off!
.@BillMoyers is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest @PBS.  Here Moyers coddles @JeremiahWright 
.@marklevinshow has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy!
@LetendreLarry  Larry, send the money to Police Athletic League, NYC.
@LRod421: @realDonaldTrump @MLB @Yankees what do you think the yankees will end up doing with his contract. Pay it or contess it  Contest?
@GjelajG  Be passionate about your work, focus, and never give up.
Don't underestimate yourself--or your possibilities. There are always opportunities.
Have a GREAT EASTER, I love you all!
Sexting Pervert @anthonyweiner has returned to twitter. Parents of all underage girls should BLOCK him immediately!
U.S. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes 
@Itsyknowsbest Thanks!
@Omaha_Tiger: @realDonaldTrump just saw you on @ThisWeekABC - absolutely awesome. Thanks for giving me hope in the US.
@DaveCentrist: @realDonaldTrump The most over-rated person on the planet, Donald J. Trump. Except by himself. Why do you follow loser?
Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP.
@texan767: @realDonaldTrump that he even has any poll numbers is baffling.  True!
The Iranians are sure happy with Obamau2019s nomination of Hagel.  Already praising Hagel as u2018Anti-Israelu2019 
@cherrie_stevens Interesting!
@zp_3: @realDonaldTrump your tweets are awesome and an inspiration. #Trump2016  Thanks.
@zachjohnson88: @realDonaldTrump please help get this country back from all these idiots and corrupt government #2016 Will be working on it
Exciting newsu2014After massive construction, the Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is open for business today. n
Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast!
@BeccaPiano  Thank you Becca.
@jaynielea Thanks Jaynie.
@sfyfe_n Thanks Neil.
Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @TrumpTowerNY. #CelebApprentice
The coolest story is that John Beale, the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government, is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED
Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know, look at OJ &amp; others)
@akd100: @realDonaldTrump are U watching #masters ?! It's no sure thing yet !! Yes, great event!
South African Tourism North America will unveil its new ad campaign u201cWhatu2019s Your BIG 5?u201d on All-Star @ApprenticeNBC this Sunday.
@RoySchuhmacher: @realDonaldTrump You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America! #TRUMP2016  Thank you.
Why is the @GOP congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed?
As hard as it is to believe, sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC.
Even liberals &amp; Democrats think Eric Schneidermanu2019s use of the Atty Generalu2019s office is unfair &amp; unethical.  
When will people realize that @billmaher is not an intellectual, but actually a rather dumb guyu2014just look at his past.
@thisdj84 Yes--leadership!
@BryanTash Thanks Bryan.
Obamau2019s speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp; food for everyone.
Additionally, @CelebApprentice ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54  age group.
I will be doing Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News, talking about China &amp; Mitt's failed campaign team.
@ResatDorsia16: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president I will vote for the first time ever, I would finally believe in someone
Lightweight @DannyZuker is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD.
.@SouthJerseyMag, u201cAccording to the Prosu201d just named Trump National Golf Club, Philadelphia, the #1 private club. Thanks!
Looking forward to a press conference  today about @adamcarolla on @fundanything movie project #roadhard 
@TalentedPaul  Thanks Paul.
I'm on the David Letterman @LateShow tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS.
u201cLeverage: donu2019t make deals without it.u201d u2013 The Art of the Deal
@kennybud  If you love what you're doing, motivation is never a problem.
@ArkieLad In addition to ripping me off.
Via @gatewaypundit: u201cPlease Pray for Meu2026 I Am Losing My Insuranceu201d 
@CARepublican12 @Toure So true!
#3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Take responsibility for yourself--it's a very empowering attitude.
@rantanrave @Cpac Thanks!
Also, The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why!
@adkradio Yes, send address.
@billmaher has not responded...not a word. His lawyers must have told him to shut up!
Congratulations to @DianeSawyer on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person.
@MrWalrusQ: @moronwatch Here ya go. @gshuba: @realDonaldTrump Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil, carbon.
@1BrianPadilla @_BOSS_TALK_ @VanityFair Dying magazine.
@Nick_Oros: @realDonaldTrump full supporter of #Trump2016 Thanks.
Must read piece by @DanielPipes: u201cObama's Diplomatic Acrobaticsu201d 
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
.@TrumpNationalNY is NY's best golf club. A 5 Star Diamond Award winner w/ an elite golf course &amp; top facilities 
Oil has been over $33/gallon for 34 months. A new record. And now with Obamau2019s war on coal, American families will be hit even harder.
Does he look sharp, smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium, making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
@pzarrella21: @realDonaldTrump I don't understand the trolls that follow celebrities to curse them out on a daily basis. #getalife. LOSERS!
Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatory,racist and can be viewed as bullying
Will be cutting ribbon at           10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT.
.@VattenfallGroup couldnu2019t sell its money losing Aberdeen windfarmu2014so @AlexSalmond forced phony extension. @AberdeenCC @Aberdeenshire
@Newsoffamous_: According to @realDonaldTrump &amp; the people at Ms Universe Pageant they never asked @BravoAndy to host this years pageant
@realJamesScott: @realDonaldTrump what are your thoughts on Weiner's press conference? Wiener is seriously sick and will never change!
@paul1994loan. Thanks.
Keep difficulties in perspective. Ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
My speech at @AmSpec Bartlet Gala Dinner where I received @boonepickens Entrepreneur Award 
@BenBradleyABC7  True!
@korydc @TrumpTowerNY Thanks, great that you remember, really nice.
@ALTO67: @realDonaldTrump Your thoughts on Bill De Blasio for Mayor...  I predicted two years ago that he would win!
@lucasdowns11: Speaking from a military point of view, I want @realDonaldTrump as my Commander-in-Chief. Great compliment - thanks!
Wise words from my father:  u201cKnow everything you can about what youu2019re doing.u201d   Fred C. Trump
@orangeeffect01: @realDonaldTrump Chris Matthews is happily smearing you on hardball. Poor Chris ! I know Chris well-he is a lightweight.
The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool
THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years, 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing! @NBC
@BrianLynch @DurantRandy  Thanks, no wonder our Country is  in such trouble!
@emilyhoms: Going to keep tweeting until @realDonaldTrump realizes how much he is my idol #lovethisman
@shelleysherwin  Wish your mother a happy birthday.
@MenaceSocietyUT   Little Jon Stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! Don't panic Jon.
@jdaddy98  Never Give Up gives an overview of projects &amp; problems solved.
Still looking to give away a RECORD $1M reward on @fundanything for a crowd funding campaign 
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.
u201cLearn to think continentally.u201d - Alexander Hamilton
@feksbaby Very nice, thanks!
@gramma421   Not recent, long term support for the autism community.
For all of my many Jewish friends, Happy Passover.
u201cI believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.u201d - The Art of the Deal
It is terrible that neither Obama, Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatcheru2019s funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsiu2019s.
@maximusreign: @realDonaldTrump @NickTryIt @ariannahuff @HuffingtonPost Michael Moore likes her #Trump2016
@LydiaPearman: @realDonaldTrump @PatrickWeeks and let's be honest, you have some of the finest #RealEstate on the planet!   Very true!
@Michele_WV: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President. Please ud83dude4f  You are too kind!
@kwindlan32: Are we going to hear more buseyisms tonight on @CelebApprentice, @realDonaldTrump ?  Yes, big time!
Donald Trump will keynote Oakland County Republicans' Lincoln Day dinner 
@sportcork: @realDonaldTrump You were great on Letterman as usual.  Thank you!
Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs).
@theviz1 @billmaher  I will try!
.@karlroveu2019s ad is the best thing that ever happened to Ashley Juddu2014simply increases her profile.
Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes).
China is pushing North Korea!
@mchikkis: Had an amazing stay at the Trump in Chicago this past weekend Thanks @realDonaldTrump ud83dudc4c
A fine man, Dr. Paul F. Crouch, has just passed away. All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. @TBN
@stevesms1960: @realDonaldTrump just purchased a few Trump ties. Great styling! Thanks.
@JUrciuoli19  I will.
Remember, @dannyzuker , you are not even the real boss of Modern Family - no big $$$$$$'s for you!
@aclutter51  We need someone!
I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.
@dlhanno64: @JaneyGodley @realDonaldTrump Donald makes you happy. .thats good ..we need something to make us happy with this President.
u201cMoney was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The  excitement is playing the game.u201du2013The Art of The Deal
@UKWildcatFan96 True!
Via @IBTimes: Miss Universe 2013: Contestants Stun in Gorgeous Gowns at National Gift Auction Gala 
I don't know why but I feel so sorry for dummy reporter John Heilemann when I watch him on television.
@byron400: RT @jsavino16 @realDonaldTrump played Trump national in Los Angeles yesterday. What an amazing place. THANKS!
.... Do I get the credit for this? Thank you!
@LynnFiorenzano Thanks Lynn!
@OpskopPromosies  Hello.
@New0rleans_Lady: I pray he does well,&amp; the 10 yr old girl on the list, gets law changd &amp; gets her new lung as well.@realDonaldTrump
Last weeku2019s boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasnu2019t settled yet. #CelebApprentice
@kidsalty No
u201cRemember peopleu2019s names and small details about them. Use both in conversation...
.@VattenfallGroup has topped Carbon Datau2019s rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the EUu2019s emissions trading scheme.
@Nodakgus:  This country is in dire need of a LEADER who is not beholden to special interest groups or to anyone - you are that LEADER!
Besides an award winning golf course @TrumpGolfLA features exquisite estates on top the Palos Verdes Peninsula 
@JoeyNoSocks: @Emmacochrane9 @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump @Toure would you lend him $10? 98% of people wouldn't. No, he's too stupid-lost $'s.
@michellemalkin You were born stupid!
I hope everybody reads the @AmSpec article u201cShakedown Schneidermanu201d u2013 the AG of New York @AGSchneiderman n
Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel?
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!
@BigSexyBDAvis: @realDonaldTrump mr trump would attack Syria or no?  No, lets make our country great again as they fight their war!
@Reed11593  Thanks Adam!
@Sofia_Mozek: @realDonaldTrump My mind would explode with happiness if Donald Trump was elected president.
#2. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Always remember that as your success grows, you will be asked for more favors. Learn how to say u2018No.u2019 It is critical.
The radar, defense, shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #EOWDC
@gretawire: @realDonaldTrump wow! What a nice comment......thank you!  But 100 per cent true-and you will get great ratings tonight!
@robblapp True and thanks!
The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in T.V. history.
Remember, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be. - Ken Venturi
ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!
@TJKnox8.    Thanks.
@LMowle: @realDonaldTrump pls hlp my grandaughter stacey7 she has cancer &amp; we need to raise 500k for treatment outside uk.
@valentino_jimmy   That's cool, I agree!
The Presidentu2019s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. The Republicans donu2019t know how to handle thatu2014I do.
@burnerirons  Hi Nick.
.@Mediaite:Donald Trump Trashes @michellemalkin On Twitter:You're A 'Dummy' &amp; 'Were Born Stupid' 
.@myfoxny discussing NYPD Chief Kellyu2019s great record &amp; the launch of the crowdfunding site 
Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
@hpea0899: .@realDonaldTrump I disdain you with every fiber of my being.  Thank you!
@YMatthews956                     nHave u ever considered meeting w/ Obama? He might be open to your wisdom &amp; business savvy. I doubt it!
@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Mark Cuban is a sad, unhappy man. A facade, masquerading as a Trump wannabe. Very interesting!
MUST READ ARTICLE: u201cImmigration reform could be bonanza for Democratsu201d 
@onakoyaa: If you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude, study @realDonaldTrump. Great Man!
@ukcarioca   Thank you.
I wouldnu2019t use @Richard_Meier to design a doghouse, let alone a house or building!
@justingodfrey   Great!
@masotam   Police records, signed confessions and more?
@Jman8354: @realDonaldTrump empires rise and empires fall I just hope as a black man I'm dead b4 ours falls, cuse if I ain't we're gone 1st
@RPMNANA Thanks, good question/good point.
I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say, look, we made a big mistake, sorry! No more lies or deception.
Now he has made his Busey-ism into a song. #CelebApprentice
Time magazine should name David Pecker of American Media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that!
@golf4oregod: @realDonaldTrump great job on Letterman. Thanks!
@acarra3                  nIs this your new building in yahoo weather app @realDonaldTrump 
u201cDo not give in to anger. It destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration.u201d u2013 Think Big
@stumalec: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC tomorrow!! #bestshowonTV #yourefired #Trump4Prez     Thanks S.
@iCyberSurfer Thanks Paul.
Very excitingu2014tomorrow night at Madison Square Garden I get inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
.@tracegallagher and @FredTecce discussing my case on @FoxNews 
@GraemeReid1984 @TrumpGolfLinks  Enjoy!
Florida Power &amp; Light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp; energy during the big storm in Palm Beach. @insideFPL
@jorgekb: @realDonaldTrump great interview, always interesting...congrats!! Thanks!
@asphipp @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice  March 3rd on NBC at 9 pm EST
Iu2019ll be doing @piersmorgan show tonight on CNN at 9 PM.  Will be very  interesting. (I hope!)
IMO--- Manti Teu2019o was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy.
@realDonaldTrump   Windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad!
Can @pennjillette @lisarinna and @THEGaryBusey continue to co-exist? Find out on this Sundayu2019s Celebrity All-Star @ApprenticeNBC.
@anthonyeding: No doubt the @realDonaldTrump would have been a better president than Obama   TRUE!
The Paley Center for Media is a great place to visit when youu2019re in NYC. #CelebApprentice
@DCoolDog: After careful consideration, I'm going with my blue @realDonaldTrump #SignatureCollection tie for my big meeting today. Do well
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad!
@persvanstrom   Based on your picture I can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline.
@seehorse72  Thanks Kim.
@Petercorio: @realDonaldTrump mark Burnett is an ep on apprentice and the job. Your Producer is also your opponent? Don't care,love to win
Success  consists of going from failure to failure without loss of  enthusiasm. - nWinston  Churchill
@JoelOsteen: Life is too short to hang around cynical people. Find people who will believe in your dreams and celebrate your victories.
u201cA vampire with a day pass?u201d  We are in @THEGaryBusey land. #CelebApprentice
@suereformer   Tell John he is a total winner!
Not only did the $1B ObamaCare website not work, it canu2019t even protect your personal information 
Stephanie Cutter Attended WH Meetings With IRS Chief 
Due to popular demand, @lisarinna returns to the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Lisa's fans won't be disappointed!
@Deny62Wilson: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the course to get completed best thing that ever happened to Aberdeenshire  TRUE.
@NMcCay  Yes.
@AnneLewisChicag: Fool Donald Trump once, shame on you. Fool Donald Trump twiceu2026 well, you canu2019t fool him a second time!
Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters, leaders and authorities. Learn the standards they follow.
@CodyAlliecats: @realDonaldTrump hey Donald huge fan, can't wait for another season of the apprentice  Thanks.
Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.
.@DonaldJTrumpJr  and @EricTrump with @HulkHogan  -- Great shot! 
@jschwab2. Thanks.
@robocosby: help me @realDonaldTrump I am depressed. Keep your chin up!
@SharonDepp: @realDonaldTrump Love Ivankas Style....Simply Classic &amp; Beautiful &amp; Very Smart :DDD Kisses  True!
@abhishek_ktm: @realDonaldTrump You scored a 10 on @piersmorgan. Thanks for keeping it real!
@Heaveenly: @realDonaldTrump how does it feel to have 2.1 million followers  Great-like owning The New York Times without the lo$$es! .
@Paul_Christidis: @realDonaldTrump You are a person someone should aspire to be #dedication #commitment Thanks.
My @foxandfriends interview re: @SuperBowl blackout, @BobbyJindalu2019s stupid comment &amp; suing @billmaher f/$5M 
Our debt is about to reach $17T. Iraq has $20T in oil reserves. Interesting.
The word is that Lance Armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if heu2019s telling the truth
u201cAlways get even. When you are in business, you need to get even with people who screw you.u201d u2013 Think Big
That was a great football game.
@ToddFouche1    On that I would beat almost everyone!
Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties, shirts, suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style, great price! ONLY THE BEST
I endorsed a book on ObamaCare &amp; it just went to #2 on the New York Times bestseller list!
@L100RAN  Thanks!
@philzentz     Thanks Phil!
@RSPBScotland: Thanks to everyone supporting the petition to make the golden #eagle Scotland's national bird! Being KILLED by wind turbines
@wakimotho  Thanks.
@Sebast_Valmont: @realDonaldTrump @MacMiller lmao.. What about his tattoos? Do you like those?  NO!
I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family!
@CherylCohen1  He's a druggie.
@KimberlyARoach: @realDonaldTrump should run for president. He'd have my vote. ud83dudc4d  Thanks
Congratulations to @nyknicks on winning their first Atlantic Division title since 1994. @carmeloanthony is a great New Yorker and Knick!
@dickquinn: @realDonaldTrump Obviously amateur hour at the WH. Obama was unqualified when he ran and remains so.
The dying @VanityFairu2019s circulation has u201cdroppedu201d &amp; its newsstand sales have u201cplummeted by 20.1 percentu201d 
.@BrandenRoderick did a great job on All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.  Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great.
@GarryGreiner: @realDonaldTrump We should send Obama and Congress to Syria!
.@ErinBurnett should have stayed at CNBCu2014she was never smart, but people liked her. @OutFrontCNN Jeff Zuckeru2019s got problems!
Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let @PeteRose_14---your all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time!
@benfromdallas  Thanks Ben.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing  Chuck Hagel nomination, Republicans terrible deal making &amp; where we go next 
via 
ObamaCare will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for women 
@joshjame: Best Twitter follow I ever made: The Donald. Random 24/7 MT @realDonaldTrump: I believe that @MileyCyrus is a really good person
@AgnesphAgnes  I agree, thanks.
@AZDaniel27: @RealDonaldTrump. A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him D Brinkley
Our great project in South America, Trump Tower Punta Del Este in Uruguay, will have spectacular views and the... 
@alexsiminoff: @realDonaldTrump is my model. I have been looking up to him for the longest time.  Thanks!
@myangel82 @bobbymayojr Thanks.
@hoffers1: Just got thru reading Time to Get Tough by @realDonaldTrump. It's a shame more people didn't read it before this past election
.@StephenBaldwin7 and me at a press event for All-Star @ApprenticeNBC earlier today at @TrumpTowerNY.... 
@ThomasVanhoutte Thanks, 57th and Fifth.
Everyone loves @AmandaTMiller- here she is with @Joan_Rivers and me. 
@Sir_KLZA  Hater, Danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life!
Legendary Illusionist v. Country Music Star.  This Sundayu2019s LIVE Finale of @ApprenticeNBC is a historic matchup.  MUST SEE TV!
Becoming a US citizen is not a right, itu2019s a privilege.
@FraserPorteous2: @realDonaldTrump I took a drive to Trump Scotland last week- what an incredible course your built. Good work, Trump!  T
@mikehaas33: @realDonaldTrump mar a lago a spectacular property. Here with Wells Fargo tonight and hoping you will come say hello  I did!
@IamTimClancy: @realDonaldTrump....please save our America....a democratic win in 2016 will be the final nail. True!
Obamau2019s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry, put Americans out of work, raise electricity prices &amp; lead to blackouts.
@polotodd804  This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring
.@IvankaTrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice
The new line of Trump ties, shirts and cufflinks are out at Macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. Go check them out!
When will @AlexSalmond realize that he's destroying Scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines?
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal @BBCNews RT @DanScavino - one would think the photo &amp; caption - says it all.... 
One of @GolfWorldUS top private clubs, @TrumpNationalNY features a Jim Fazio designed 7,291 yd par 72 course 
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
It's freezing outside, where the hell is global warming??
Develop your gut instincts and act on them. You will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very smart &amp; careful.
I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW.
.@GovernorPerry stopped by to say hello. 
@jmendowns  True!
@riggs_deb
@simonkodousek: You may not agree with @realDonaldTrump, but he knows what's what! Keep being truthful and REAL! Thanks!
@Benhrysack: @realDonaldTrump you were awesome on late show!   Very true - thanks!
John Heilemann, the lightweight reporter begging to be on@morning joe, looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess!
@TheGrumpyHusky  Happy birthday.
@swayneonmain: @realDonaldTrump and how many people died on Bush and Cheneys watch? Talk about that. I was never a fan, lots of mistakes.
Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms, legs and worse!
I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight!
@sabrinarose2012: @realDonaldTrump @Teresa_Giudice thanks Mr. Trumpu2661 we u2665 Teresau2605 #RHONJ  Say hello to Teresa-tell her to keep her chin up
The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was  fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim!
@drehm010  Great, thanks.
.@TraceAdkins- the winner of @ApprenticeNBC after last night's victory- 
@NathalieS_29 Nathalie--Thanks and best wishes.
Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!
Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York!
@koos32: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on all your success! You are a great role model!   Thanks!
.@DennisRodman re @Omarosa is right, sheu2019s becoming predictable.
@ForQ2  Are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. Afraid to give your real name? You should be.
@alexleiser33. Thanks Alex.
u201cAny political leader who wonu2019t face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk.u201d u2013 The America We Deserve
@brwneyesnbama Thanks Bobbie.
@dolla1125 It's the sense of achievement along the way.
To show you how shallow politicians can be, many are jealous of my @CPACnews speaking slot &amp; also their fellow Republicans! Not good!
@NickFaldo006   Sir Nick is not only a great player, he is a great guy -and, by the way, doing a fantastic job for CBS!
.@AlexSalmond  Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem, expensive mess.
@ldbox: @realDonaldTrump Yes, Apprentice IS better, but world needs to see you on Shark Tank!!!
@Mike_Hamilton69 Thanks Michael!
@ShawnWHughes  Thanks.
Soon to be the greatest hotel in U.S. don_trump_jr  @ivankatrump @erictrump  #OldPostOffice 
@TheTeflonDante: @realDonaldTrump who should be the AG replacement? Any thoughts? There are a number of very good people!
Get respect, and do not give a damn if people like you. --Think Big
@ryelki: @realDonaldTrump @SStew3 WE HAVE NO JOBS, NO HOPE AND NO CASH. TEN YEARS AGO WE HAD SOME OR ALL OF THOSE THINGS Interesting!
I'll always like @OMAROSA because she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice
Wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!
@gameexpress1: @realDonaldTrump Angel Cabrerra will win the MASTERS..265lbs of everyman golfer..Ole! He is looking good!
@bclew70: @realDonaldTrump Donald I am disappointed in you. you should have ran for pres. Never too late!
We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas.
@Russ_Steinberg  Be careful!
@not_that_actor   A terrible situation.
@MisterEspinal: You see, this man right here has me as his number one fan forever! Inspirational, Real, a Success! @realDonaldTrump Thanks
@Jhonatanjansson: Just watched speaches from #cpac @realDonaldTrump and @marcorubio did great    Thank you!
We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that, despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington, we make it BEST EVER
@pikedagger1868 Keep your chin up, keep going.
How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING!
Glad to hear my @foxandfriendsu2019 Monday interview continues to get big ratings.  Great way to start your week
When the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals, remember the killings-maimings
@jvmesb: @realDonaldTrump is the kind of president we need!  True!
Work often becomes problem solving.  Problems come with the territory, and they should never surprise you. - Think Like a Champion
u201cDonald Trump to name golf course after motheru201d 
@kameronwhitley: @realDonaldTrump watching your CNN interview, we need someone like you to run for president!  Thank you.
Via @RoyalOakPatch: Oakland County High Schoolers Have Chance to Win $1,000 Scholarship &amp; Meet Donald Trump 
@mitchgotinfo: @realDonaldTrump Great men do great things, America needs you, America's allies need you, in truth the world needs you. Wow
.@CelebApprentice wins 10-11 ou2019clock hour in all key ratings demographics, including, most importantly, the 18-49 age group.
@coffeepleaseAM         n@realDonaldTrump I'm so happy that you find time to tweet. I really enjoy following you.  Thanks Amy.
@HoppMar. Great and thanks.
@J_beans51: @realDonaldTrump who is @DannyZuker ?  Actually, a nobody!
@stchristopher18: @realDonaldTrump @michaltellos @NYMag Bury them fake journalists
.@BillMaher's so called show on HBO must be the cheapest special produced in the history of television--- it sucks!
@hattakzots: @realDonaldTrump you're one of the only voices of reason in this crumbling nation! AMERICA NEEDS A CLEAN UP!
My @TMZ interview with @HarveyLevinTMZ discussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit against @billmaher to the end 
@WWE Archive:u201cDONALD TRUMP'S GREATEST @WWE MOMENTSu201d 
Hope everyone is watching the Finale rerun of Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC-especially the haters and losers! It is on right now.
Did you ever think our country would  become an economic basket case? So much for Hope &amp; Change.
@Alejandro12386: @realDonaldTrump How To get Rich. Incredible Book. im trying To Understand deeply That Book.
@tomuchpolitics: @realDonaldTrump I would like to hear the answer to that johnny football question?  With a little good guidance, great!
One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now, you deserve it!
@flebotomy: @realDonaldTrump How does this make you feel? #BoycottRollingStone 
@Rizz_Lizz: @realDonaldTrump I am clairvoyant. May I be the first to congratulate you on your win, Mr. President?  CUTE!
Iu2019ve always defended @jayleno but he never defends me. He's not a loyal person &amp; I now understand why everybody dumped him. Jay sucks!
@jeffreypham Great!
Re: Success-- Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out, seek and explore. Think big at all times.
Surprise u2013 China has spies throughout NASA stealing our R&amp;D 
@mistdriscoll  Thanks, see you tomorrow.
I really enjoy doing @foxandfriends every Monday at 7 AM.  @sdoocy, @ehasselbeck and @kilmeade are great people.
Almost every television network wants me badlyu2014but I stay loyal to @NBC.
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL.  Go get it, and others, Washington - you really can do better!
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!
@joooooojaah: I am team @realDonaldTrump &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3   Thanks Georgia!
@lovevictoria   Happy birthday Victoria.
@coolz36: @realDonaldTrump you would make this country great again if you ran for president No, only if I WON-then it would be great again
Vattenfall, the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen, Scotland, just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move
He's back! @THEGaryBusey returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.
u201cI can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.u201d u2013 Michael Jordan
u201cDonu2019t toss off your problems, and donu2019t dwell on them either. Deal with them!u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@rab4488: @realDonaldTrump @BillMoyers @PBS @JeremiahWright Bill Moyers is a good man---1000 times better then you are  He is a dummy!
@AGNateLee  Great!
@z7one  March 3rd, 9 pm EST on @NBC
I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs!
I am not available to be in @adamcarolla's new movie #RoadHard.bit.ly/roadhardmovie
@AlxG21  Thank you!
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where youu2019re coming from.
@GZervs  Work hard, be focused and keep your momentum at full speed.
The best investors are visionariesu2014they look beyond the present.
@TexasBlingMom Interesting.
@sufiology. Thanks.
How bad has our leader made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria, we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize.
@milescstewart: @realDonaldTrump finally someone tells it how it is. Agree with you 100%
Just as I predicted, immigration reform will increase the cost of ObamaCare over $300B 
Congratulations to @SpeakerBoehner on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare.
.@MileyCyrus u2013 donu2019t worry about Liam. You can do much better and you have plenty of timeu2014remain strong!
@carlosbeltran15   Great job-you are a terrific player!
@cowpokes6369: @realDonaldTrump any word on if Celeb Apprentice is coming back for 7th season? Please give us the good news.   YES!
@AGCCevents @chambertalk Have fun!
@itsHODAIFA: @realDonaldTrump I wish someday i would be like you! You're my inspiration! Keep up the good work.   Thanks!
@InaMaziarcz    Obama put up nothing, zilch!
@PattyOchs: @realDonaldTrump why people who are your haters feel they have to talk to you or follow you?  They are sick and mentally weak!
@J4K9FLATLEY Thanks Jake.
WH counsel met with IRS lawyer 3x in 2012, once in September 
@BillKicklighter              nMade sure to visit @TrumpTowerNY during our 1st vacation to NYC. Well done @realDonaldTrump!  Thanks.
Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World!
@Hoggoblin34: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Letterman. I have always been a big admirer of yours. Thanks Jim!
I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
@5thmcfly. In April - thanks.
Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare.
@dimas720: @realDonaldTrump Kick ass in 2016! I'm on board, Mr. Trump.
@DannyZuker Come on Danny, are u afraid of the DEAL (be careful, I'm really good at deals).
@DurangoRick: @1986Fed Obama needs to listen to @realDonaldTrump - Nope, #Trump2016 must do it. Obama clueless &amp; in over his big head.
Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT!
@maddiknick: @realDonaldTrump makes me laugh. I'm so glad I found him on Twitter. I'll always be a fan! #Trumptastic Thanks!
@LeavesOfGrass_: @realDonaldTrump Actually, I think it was factual and right on the mark. You are a vulture sir, nothing more.  Thank you!
@Bostonred: @realDonaldTrump Where is the evidence ? All over the place!
. @deesnider is a great guy &amp; a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch.
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch- 
@dwangpow   So true!
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth.
Thanks to ObamaCareu2019s device tax, Boston Scientific plans to cut 1,500 jobs 
@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump I miss Celeb Apprentice-Best show on T.V.  Thank you, casting now for next season.
@PIERPAOLOMONNI @TrumpChicago @Jonzy1523  Thank you.
@DrVinayChopra: @realDonaldTrump I want to learn golf from the best. Can you teach me? :) I heard you are an amazing golfer!  TRUE!
@Ben24h: @realDonaldTrump what do you think about Mike Trout?  One of best young players EVER!
Donald Trumpu2019s 
@JesusSoGameeer I promise.
The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerryu2019s trip to China.  He got nothing, gave them everything and promised even more.
... while a 300ft turbine in Ardrossan, North Ayrshire, erupted in flames the previous month during gales of 165 mph 
@mikemarchlik  Thank you!
I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!
@ukn96 They get fired.
Figure out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch. -- Midas Touch
u201cKeep your brand standard in mind, and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@DJmikeLNY: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump? How can people hate such a brilliant person?  It is hard to believe, isn't it! (Thanks).
Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval rating,leaves biggies alone
@TheBigAStabile   So true.
@TheGINE3000: @realDonaldTrump We need someone with some business sense in the White House. This administration doesn't have a clue.
The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout, with five sets of tees ranging from 7,540 yards to 5,630.
Lincoln never sounded like that!
@tonytuanvu  Thank you and good luck.
@akmackey: @realDonaldTrump You did great Mr Trump! Wife and I watched. Loved your Walmart answer. Thanks!
@BrahSumatra: @realDonaldTrump Remember when you use to have real hair? (Spelling) - I still do dummy, it is all mine!
@Andigriffin                       n@realDonaldTrump your Las Vegas Hotel is beautiful too!!  Thank you.
@KeithJMcConnell @MacMiller  Thanks.
@kevindrako2  Thanks, just really busy!
@ThePhilliesGirl @CrossingBroad @Deadspin  Sad losers!
@Brock2120: @sethmeyers Your first guest has to be @realDonaldTrump. would be epic!   First guest for what?
@Sennandy: @realDonaldTrump what a great wave you ride. without people like you the world would be years behind where we are. Thank you!
@TundraSwans: Wind turbine projects are destroying rural Ont. Wind energy is a scam originally pushed by scamster Ken Lay of Enron
Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats donu2019t even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead!
Be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow.
@john_candy_: @realDonaldTrump shut up he's a lord what are you ?  I've always heard that titles can be easily bought-is this so?
Wow, I was just informed that I'm being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame-- a great honor -- 4/6/13 at @MSGnyc- 
It's 46u00ba (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called scientists that we want global warming right now!
Today marks the one year anniversary of @AndrewBreitbartu2019s passing. Andrewu2019s mission &amp; legacy still lives on. @BreitbartNews
In making any decision, you need all the facts. But after exhausting all due diligence, in the end you have to go with your gut!
@ec364: @realDonaldTrump where's Sadam's billiions of $$ after Bush invested American taxpayer$. We were too stupid to take it-loser pols!
My @foxandfriends interview re: firing @bretmichaels on the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC &amp; politics 
@andersengell: Love reading T's tweets concerning ObamaCare. People might find him controversial, but Mr. Trump sure knows his stuff! #pro
@colinth21 Thanks Colin.
I donu2019t know whether I will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity.
Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website.
We should be focusing on beautiful, clean air &amp; not on wasteful &amp; very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China &amp; others are hurting our air
The LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC is this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
Thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts, ties and suits at Macy's. They do great because of really high quality at a low price.
This Sunday's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.nThomas A. Edison
@dalasner Stay tuned!
According to new WPOST-ABC poll, Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy
This u2018dealu2019 @RNC voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts.  It is pathetic.  Obama is laughing at them.
@Neviah_M  A totally one sided documentary. Why weren't the police, detectives and prosecutors interviewed? City should not settle this case
@Justinjacosalem Thanks--but they should get a life.
@FrankMDavisJR. Thanks.
What a surprise! Newly released audit proves that the IRS only targeted Tea Party groups 
@Jungledad  Thanks!
@HalfMoon4Life Thanks.
... A great person inspires others to see for themselves. u2013 Harvey Mackay
@PolitixChick: Just from reading his tweets, it seems like @realDonaldTrump could run our country much better than our President right now.
Yesterday, 15 @GOP senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws.
@JoeBaker1234  100% real!
@TheRealChosen1 Thanks and good luck.
Just inu2014all efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failedu2014in fact, the stoppers have become the abusers.
@darjar14: @realDonaldTrump Congrats Mr. Trump. Frivolous lawsuits are a BIG problem in this country and issue should be addressed
@ASBrowntown: .@realDonaldTrump you want to send more Americans out to war? Why don't you sign up?  I am against an attack on Syria dummy!
@chuckesquivel: RT @realDonaldTrump @kormylo: @realDonaldTrump In my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016.
My shirts, ties &amp; cufflinks @Macys have never been better or more beautiful. Great holiday gifts, great price.
Who do you like of the final two? #CelebApprentice 
@cmedenise Thanks.
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
@frankmorano: I think @realDonaldTrump's book, The America We Deserve deserves a read. Written in 2000, very prescient!
Secy. Sebelius, who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout, should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain
I was just told by a television pro thay @DannyZucker is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops!
@InNovember2012. Thanks.
@Freeman_Gadsden: @realDonaldTrump @QQueenLLouise anytime the Donald is on is the best time for television  Thanks.
u201cWhen your brand begins to build, you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
I'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
.@PiersMorgan and @OMAROSA really hate each other. #CelebApprentice
@DannyZuker  Night loser!
#FlashbackFriday Trump family- final week of @Oprah's show- @Oprah is terrific! 
Obama said he never met his uncle, Oscar, who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!
@jennyfromnexus.  Great advice!
@Jared808 @commonguymd @AP True!
@mimi_187  Mimi--perhaps because they are losers.
@rsmundo: @realDonaldTrump @nymike7 @kaatje36 I like the Donald. An American hero.
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again.
@JoshinAk: @BillyHallowell I just bought one of his shirts for my wife's Christmas party. Great quality. Got lots of compliments!  Great!
@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump After you become our next President - NO ONE will take advantage of this country again.
@JesseNicholas13: @realDonaldTrump I'm scared for my future.  You should be!
@puddlejumper365 You have to have passion for your work. That's most important. Then keep your focus intact. Good luck.
Thanks to @johnrich for putting on such a great concert fot @Stjude. John was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy.
@mikebus7: @realDonaldTrump great fitting shirt and I got a couple compliments on it too! 
Honestly, whether you're for or against ObamaCare, the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!
u201cDonald Trump Wishes Kristen Stewart A Happy Birthdayu201d 
@MONTECRISTO_Mag: The @TrumpVancouver presentation centre has opened. u201cThis is going to be special,u201d said @realDonaldTrump.
@mbouchon: Make an appearance @realDonaldTrump! We would love to host you at the USC #EntrepreneurshipClub @SCProvingGround Thanks!
@Elliotg1959 Elliot--I just liked your tone--have a wonderful time at Doral.
@Sammycarguru: @realDonaldTrump Since the Art of the Deal you have been an inspiration to me!  Thanks.
@MGSeneca: @realDonaldTrump you and your TV Show #theapprentice are tremendous. Watch it every week  Thanks
My @gretawire int. on Obamau2019s falling poll numbers, Americans losing incentive to work and Weineru2019s sexting 
@ollact: @realDonaldTrump To quote your own father is awesome and he is oh so right! Thank you Fred  My father was a great guy and teacher
Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS
Via @DailyCaller: Trump on Obama and Congress: u2018Lock them upu2019 in a room like Vatican conclave 
@OriginalArts1 @TrumpTowerNY Thanks.
@RonWEmma: @realDonaldTrump played trump national Philadelphia yesterday. Great track. Challenging but fair. Keep up the awesome work!!
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
No surprise. Woman being cited by Kerry &amp; McCain on Syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels 
While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
I watched @todayshow this AM re: @MarthaStewart &amp; dating. She looks terrific, better than ever, any guy would be lucky to be with her.
@TroyMoe1: @realDonaldTrump mark Sanford just won his house seat back so maybe Jodi can run against Hillary in 2016
@TheRonnnn: Nice job @realDonaldTrump on #letterman. Thanks!
@HancockMariana Thanks.
Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now, for them at last, people are talking about it!
@Peace_Janise. Thanks Janise!
@nolanitenyc  No.
@PIERPAOLOMONNI @UncleRUSH  Thanks.
@loganfaris: Have to do an essay on a hero....... Definitely picking @realDonaldTrump. Perfect idol  Very nice-good luck!
u201cA brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@skew11: I hope and know @realDonaldTrump will win in court. Very bad what the AG did to him &amp; Trump University!
@BiancaT37180567: @realDonaldTrump why be governor when you can be president?
@vnessa09: Do you wear your brand from @Macy's? RT @realDonaldTrump:  YES!
@ClassicEd   That's what I hear.
@tdudz5: @realDonaldTrump @liljon @apprenticenbc you have given these celebrities exposure they could not buy!t.  That is true!
u201cSometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. The Art of The Deal
Immigration reform is fineu2014but donu2019t rush to give away our country! Sounds like thatu2019s whatu2019s happening.
@GolfweekMag - Thank you for Trump Scotland honor!
@BarryBnice: @realdonaldtrump Whose worse weiner or arod? Too close to call!
The shale boom is saving our economy 
I always believed @BretMichaels was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but... 
@brose783  Thanks. Good luck.
The windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #EOWDC
@dadsnicklefritz: @realDonaldTrump I will make this known, if you had run for President, you had my vote, If you run,you still have my vote
My wife, Melania, will be on @QVC today @ 5 PM selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. Perfect for Motheru2019s Dayu2014call in!
Via @Newsmax_Media: Trump Says Heu2019ll Foot Bill for White House Tours 
@RoySchuhmacher   Thanks!
@D_Harris24: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait to visit this location one day! Keep up the great work Mr. Trump!  Thanks!
@JeremyPage3011 Mark Cuban can't beat me at anything. He is one of many on Shark Tank and Apprentice has been a much, much bigger show!
@twitt_be_cray: @realDonaldTrump go fuck yourself you dumb fuck When was the last time you had a date-such terrible language (&amp; picture).
@terryvanburen @TheRealMarilu @ApprenticeNBC .@TheRealMarilu nwill be happy--she's also a great person.
@ChrisStackStacy Thank you.
@scottygam: @realDonaldTrump Jon Stewart calls you F**ckface Von Clownstick. What's that all about? He's an overrated asshole-total phoney
@MaryBethTHM @TheRealMarilu @CelebApprentice  Marilu is a fantastic person &amp; really smart!
@AronsArmy: @realDonaldTrump dear sir... So can i ask. Hpw can i fuel my passion Only by doing something that you love!
@MikeMessina_: @realDonaldTrump needs to run for President! He would be the best leader!  Thanks Mike.
@yankeefan3000 Thanks--@Macys.com
@LaDaleBuggs  Thanks!
@DeedsJames  Thanks.
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries, in particular Russia, are mocking the U.S.
@RamboFo  Great!
Another must read from Jeffrey Lord @amspec: u201cRove Email Leaks: Ideological War Opens in GOPu201d 
How did the NCAA, which is weak and becoming irrelevant, extract such a big &amp; reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero!
Looking forward to addressing @ralphreedu2019s @FaithandFreedom 'Road to Majority Conference' on June 13th 
@thesween_bean Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving.
@GlennInvestor: @realDonaldTrump - It's not a great country now? No, we are a laughing stock all over the World-but we can come back big!
@OldManConroy: It's called climate change. No, they changed it to climate change when global warming wasn't working anymore-too cold!
People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his birth certificate, which in a recent book he u201cmiraculouslyu201d found.
@omz213  Yes!
President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office, look right into her beautiful blue eyes and say,with emotion, YOU'RE FIRED!
Everyone's favorite frontman, Twisted Sister  lead singer @deesnider returns to this yearu2019s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Dee does great!
@MarlenaWells                   n@realDonaldTrump remembering your generosity to so many after #SuperstormSandy. Thank you Marlena.
An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe that @MileyCyrus is a really good person.
Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!
@AscotCarRental  I know Adam--he's a great player &amp; great guy!
Thanks @WWE--@VinceMcMahon is an amazing guy.
@BCDorris @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC Well, Trace will now have a second chance.
@jakeklopp24: @realDonaldTrump what's it like to be Donald Trump?  Believe it or not, it ain't easy!
.@AROD is back on the DL.  The coming suspension will be announced soon by @MLB.
@MoeKharrazi  I love all sports!
@HuandaRulz: @realDonaldTrump Guns in the hands of responsible people saves lives.
@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump Don't be a chump. Win with TRUMP!
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul. - General Douglas MacArthur
@jshamie: @realDonaldTrump Can I get a RT for the Hatzahlah Charity Golf Outing tomorrow at Trump National Colts Neck?
Who would be stupid enough to invest in @VattenfallGroup's ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose u00a325M yearly?
@SportsProverbs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. u2013 Donald Trump
The Republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right.
@AdultProdigy: I'll say it, nobody beats @realDonaldTrump when it comes to honest reporting and serious insight. Thanks!
Less than ten days until I keynote @bobvanderplaatsu2019 @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit. Tix going fast.n
@CrewSawyer It will be fantastic--be sure to visit.
@RothsteinTravis.  Art of the Deal.
Whitey Bulgeru2019s prosecution starts today.  Will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials.
@saseret12  True, and thank you.
Based on John Sweeney's lousy reputation, we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown- enjoy! 
@wobby_sobby wow Timmy;thanks..
@daveperry71: My big job interview for my promotion is Wednesday and I'm going to channel @realDonaldTrump to win the job! Go get it!
New York Republican leader @EdwardFCox is pushing my friend @RobAstorino into political suicide. Results wonu2019t be pleasant!
@AZDaniel27: @realDonaldTrump. The penalty of success is to now be bored by people who used to snub you - Viscountess Astor (1879-1964)
Via @TheStreet by @swan_investor: Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland 
Isnu2019t it ironic that President Obama, of all people, is pushing for u2018universal background checks?!'
@lucasg203 Good luck!
@CapitalCashCo: @realDonaldTrump @jojo81466 Please Make it happen, Let us Help You Win!  Thanks!
@DrJoySchaffer I fully understand your question.
@angiecallahan4: @realDonaldTrump what time dose your days start? 4 or 5 A.M.!
@Dattan78: @realDonaldTrump what are your thoughts for being selected into the #2013 Hall of Fame for @WrestleMania. A great honor!
@An3T   Thanks.
u201cHe who defends everywhere, defends nowhere.u201d u2013 Sun Tzu
@ChrisPedersen80 @billmaher  Thanks.
Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama.
@Reuschal: @realDonaldTrump how do you know those kids will never work?  I know!
@nycal821 @nbc @CelebApprentice Thanks Cheryl.
@JMHPolitics  True!
Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same!
@JohnTorcasio: @realDonaldTrump is what happened to Detroit a good thing (long term) ??? It has been sliding for decades.  Incompetence
Via @AP: Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom 
@nick_burrell  The Art of the Deal.
@jefferies_: @realDonaldTrump Watching the finale. Can't wait for the next season. #TrumpRulesThanks and enjoy.
@Hunterboss1996: @realDonaldTrump Bill Gates has nothing on Donald Trump. #Trump2016
Over the years, I've discovered that for a brand to build, the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.
@RealBboy360: @realDonaldTrump Boeing is at a record high, thanks for saying to buy a while back You are welcome.
.@AlexSalmondu2019s insane release of the terroristu2014for humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision..
The cast for next season looks really good!
@minlarrycornel  Thanks!
@mwitchie44: @realDonaldTrump @MattGallows What r u waiting for ?U got my vote ! God knows we need someone to get in there &amp; fix it!Thanks
@farmcrayzee: @realDonaldTrump EVERY penny, I live in South Africa, they steal EVERYTHING and ANYTHING!
u201cRelax &amp; clear your mind if someone is speaking, so that youu2019re receptive to what theyu2019re saying.u201d u2013 Roger Ailes, You are the Message
@Abird95: I absolutely love @realDonaldTrump he is my favorite person ever and inspires me to do so much. Thanks R!
@tonystang Thanks Tony, good luck.
@southtguy: @realDonaldTrump A better answer would have been Yes come up with a great idea and have others work their ass off.  That too
@nashvillebobby Thanks Bobby.
.@Omarosa has another meltdown u2026 while giving a check for $40,000 to Michaelu2019s charity, the Sue Duncan Center. #CelebApprentice
If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always available--or can recommend some really good ones!
@pastorshanewest  Hi to your sons. Tell them to never give up!
President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in  SA.
@chrisinspfld: @realDonaldTrump @Nate_StuLLeR didn't you have some apartments in Cincinnati at 24?  Yes.
@Pourquoipas20 Happy Birthday!
@collinsva: @ApprenticeNBC officially #CelebApprentice is back to being my favorite show! Thanks @realDonaldTrump  Great!
@frankibe I certainly did--in spades.
Last night's @extratv 's interview by @MarioLopezExtra of gorgeous 2012 @MissUniverse @oliviaculpo 
The home of the boardroom- @TrumpTowerNY- 
Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doing @piersmorgan tonight. I wish everyone well!
Be weak on immigration and ensure Democratic victory.
Sorry,  the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. Also, fragrance is amazing. GO TO MACY'S.
My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that.
@StitchJonze: @realDonaldTrump today I had my wife cancel her subscription to @DanAmira @NYMag  Thank you-smart!
Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast!
@ryan_moy: @realDonaldTrump I remember this episode. Hair still looks great!
@gharo34: @realDonaldTrump Not only is your IQ somewhere between Barack Obama and G.W.Bush...but you're entertaining!Much higher than both
I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th.
@mariacapa123: @realDonaldTrump I don't understand why people hate you. It's crazy to me. People should look up to you. They do!
@n_vranas: @realDonaldTrump @dallasmavs @okcthunder ur a pussy trump @mcuban is way richer than you  Not even close, dummy!
.@gretawire  Gretau2014youu2019re wrong, Kirsten Powers is a dummyu2014wasnu2019t she Anthony Weineru2019s girlfriend?
@DavidBlanch  Thanks (I think)!
@IanCurbishley Thank you.
Happy belated birthday wishes to @BarbaraJWalters. Barbara is terrific!
In today's all new #TrumpVlog I discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame. 
@Melbelle96  Thanks Melanie.
Spanish version of ObamaCare website  delayed 
BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT, starts at 10 P.M. as scheduled but NBC just increased all future episodes to 2 hours!
@Gamecockmtm1967: @realDonaldTrump please don't tease us again..run in 2016.....PLEASE  I never tease--but thanks!
Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132,000, a really large sum. Bret, on the other hand, raised very little...
@JohnnyPaulCole @ZWLykins Okay thanks.
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
u201cYou miss 100% of the shots you don't take.u201d - Wayne Gretzky
... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative.u201d u2013 Think Big
u201cDONALD TRUMP TO BILL MAHER: PAY UPu201d 
@bennypagejr  Best buildilng and service.
@mjhockey113  Not much!
The CPAC speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. I really enjoyed it.
.@serenawilliams had a flawless @usopen quarterfinal win last night. Sheu2019s a great player and a wonderful person.
@yrj77s: @realDonaldTrump Your clothing line is excellent.Thanks.
@TessaHartmann  Thanks Tessa.
@fossilfiend7: @realDonaldTrump @_BOSS_TALK_ @VanityFair Well, that explains why I have no desire to read that garbage!
Had a fantastic time at yesterdayu2019s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC press conference with @StephenBaldwin7 in @TrumpTowerNY.
@Mullaney3000: @realDonaldTrump what a victory at the member guest today at trump national Bedminster. #braggingrights I LOVE TO WIN!
@luvintyger Thank you.
@dogs4peace Very cool!
If you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it. - Think Big
@RealRayLong: .@realDonaldTrump: You know so much about so many things - a true Renaissance Man. #TrumpIn2016  So true!  -  thanks.
The only place where our border is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions &amp; then have them deported.
.@GOP congress needs to actually defund ObamaCare, not waste time passing non-binding resolutions.
#TrumpAdvice 
@MsLisaALevy  Thank you!
@AustinSaysThat True!
A  pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...
Just out- @ApprenticeNBC was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings.
u201cIn this game, knowledge is the key to power.u201d - Think Big
@mikepassmore  Thanks.
A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
@Jackclemens1: @realDonaldTrump I met someone this evening who had a story about what you did for some foster kids and it moved me. Thsnks.
@DanScavino: @realDonaldTrump @theFAMiLYLEADER just saw last nights speech via DesMoines Register - was amazing Mr. Trump!  Thanks Dan!
@SkiingElvis It will be the country's finest resort!
It's boardroom time! Does anyone miss @OMAROSA? #CelebApprentice
President Obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill.
I have a gift for my loyal viewers of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC, Mrs. @MELANIATRUMP debut on this weeku2019s episode 
@MFMagOfficial Thank you.
@shaun_landi: @realDonaldTrump trump 2016 the only real public figure who knows how to fix this country!!  True!
Itu2019s Wednesday.  How many times will A-Rod sue the @Yankees today?  A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.
3.  You should tweet your pick for MVP using the celebrityu2019s name followed by the hashtag #CelebApprenticeMVP.
Bob Tyrrell @AmSpecu2014Thank you--and also for the great work you do.
@Keval_Camden. Thanks.
u201cA leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.u201d - Henry A. Kissinger
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough. -- Mario Andretti
Wow, China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter.  If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadership
@DanielHR27 Thanks!
@TheBigOffice: When Donald Trump talks, people listen. @realDonaldTrump So true!
@PatrickJFSmith   Thanks.
@MeganEHolstein: @realDonaldTrump your family is inspiring - rags to riches in three generations. God Bless America. Thanks Megan!
@lovefamously: @realDonaldTrump please can you RT? Little Mackenzie needs lifesaving treatment urgently and time is running out fast.
@TishaLewis Thanks.
Watch the game-really good.
@Markyoungco: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1 Hasn't anyone learned anything from TBoone Pickens' disaster.
@gretawire-I'll be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it!  (FOX).
@8zz8 Wrong!
@EricXMorrison: Honestly, @realDonaldTrump could run this country better than anyone in D.C.  I agree!!!!
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!
With the record high February gas prices hurting the economy, even more reason to start fracking.  Will create jobs &amp; lower prices.
@kimekime19: @realDonaldTrump people will someday listen to you  I hope it's not too late!
@hellcat1963 @MailOnline A great beauty!
Vegasu2019 top destination, @TrumpLasVegas is a 64-story tower of golden glass 
@bahia6085 @billmaher  Thanks--stay tuned.
@Doctor_Trey: @realDonaldTrump I say if Obama is so set on universal background checks, we run a background check on him. Very interesting
If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business.
@DeasWorld. Thanks.
@MatthewJPizzo  Thanks Matt!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook?
North Carolinau2019s most exclusive club, @Trump_Charlotteu2019s features @SharkGregNorman designed golf course, which fronts the biggest lake in NC
At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be, sadly, that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess!
@TJTintMan: @realDonaldTrump Got engaged at @TrumpChicago . Staff has been amazing! Glad we could have our special day here. Beautiful!
u201c60 Minutesu201d treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!
This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever.
@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump @Chowes247 Lawsuit against Trump University is without a doubt ---political.
@BradyMagic @EricTrump Thank you!
Always pretend that youu2019re working for yourself. Youu2019ll do a wonderful job. Itu2019s simple, but it works.
Itu2019s okay but why do the haters (&amp; losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life!
With @TraceAdkins on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprentice
Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obamau2019s war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
Champion @bretmichaels triumphantly returns to 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Spoiler u2013 Bret is back to his winning ways.
@makeupwithme7 Thanks--work hard every day!
@newnonny: @realDonaldTrump @CraftMonroe if @DannyZuker is irrelevant why did you block him?  Because he is irrelevant (also, boring)!
What do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations?
I hate when the news media, so afraid to offend anyone, always refers to the BOSTON KILLER as the suspect.
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp; build businesses daily. Stay positive, think big &amp; big things will happen
@PageantWorld: @realDonaldTrump: Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back? -with her beauty for sure she will u263a @MissUSA
@TMPLUSII: @realDonaldTrump your show ratings are off the charts why do others fail to get it right?  Because they don't want to!
I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535, 000, 000 for NOTHING
@A_EduardoPeraza: you're such a role model i'm a big fan @realDonaldTrump  Thanks Eduardo!
@mistressleesa: @realDonaldTrump @AsadTMoosvi And if you love what you do, it doesn't feel like work!  100% true-it's like a vacation!
@Gyuman82: @realDonaldTrump Plz run for President in 2016, America needs a strong leader!  We sure don't have leadership now! Thanks.
@turrizal. Thanks.
@DuchessofDallas  Thanks Anna.
Re: Decisions:  Cover your bases, then ask yourself this question: What am I pretending not to see? This can save a lot of time &amp; trouble.
@DanProctor11: I may strongly disagree with @realDonaldTrump's politics but he makes one hell of a dress shirt  At a great price at Macy's
@oliviaculpo @AgalarovAras @eminofficial @IamStevenT @crocuscityhall Crocus City Hall in Moscow is a fabulous place!
Again, immigration reform is fineu2014but donu2019t rush to give away our country. Thatu2019s whatu2019s happening!
Follow Trump @DoralResortu2019s WGC @CadillacChamp leadership board here at @nbc's @GolfChannel 
.@Omarosau2019s emergency has put a new spin on Team Poweru2019s presentationu2014but itu2019s not u201cshow timeu201d yet. #CelebApprentice
@magmom13  Yes, she is FANTASTIC!
Whose artwork was your favoriteu2014 and what team do you think will win? #CelebApprentice
The #CelebApprentice post @OMAROSA. Will it ever be the same?
@jboyette42: @realDonaldTrump Hate @hbo and bill Maher. Love ya Donald. Lets buy some property together. Great deals here in Fla  Thanks.
u201cTake the time to move yourself forward. In other words, think, work and be lucky.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@MissMakeupMogul: I love me some @realDonaldTrump except when he's going against our president.. but business wise.I Admire himUnderstand!
Via @eonline: Donald Trump wants Katherine Webb for Miss USA judge 
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have  imagined. --nHenry  David Thoreau
@cathmiriam: Love the fact that everyone who tweets mean things to @realDonaldTrump are poor idiots with no sense. #playnice True
u201cRead the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.u201d u2013 Rev. @BillyGraham
@missharleyd49 Thank you.
Huff Post His early morning speech drew a large crowd, far larger than remarks at the same time on Thursday and packed by end! The facts.
@LilliRome: Can @realdonaldtrump replace @mcuban on #sharktank? Mark is doing just fine, but thanks!
Detroitu2019s bankruptcy could just be the start 
@capetown58: @realdonaldtrump Do you think White House is doing enough about Egypt?  They don't know what they are doing.- not even close!
@nickterry18: @realDonaldTrump is such an amazing person to be honest.. his book inspires me to work hard and be successfulud83dudc4d  Thanks.
@Maxiculture: @realDonaldTrump Your thoughts are simple, straight, precise, timely and timeless.  Thank you!
Huma should dump the sicko Weiner.  He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him.
@SucioGato.  Thanks.
@TEAM_ACKMANN: i'm about one more tweet away from unfollowing @realDonaldTrump and following Mac Miller.You'll be bored and back very fast!
@MichaelJDGregor  You're absolutely right.
Congrats to @GovernorCorbett--he's right to be suing @NCAA over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of Penn State 
@robgoodwin72 @_KatherineWebb True! They are great.
@LinFlies: @realDonaldTrump @KevinMartinRI We need you in the White House Trump!  Thank you!
Trump organisation backs community battle against substation 
Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects, lead by money losing wind turbines, facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching!
@DougTammy14  Thanks Doug, Skylar and Tammy.
Over 35 CIA operatives were on the ground in Benghazi the night of the 9.11 attack 
#TrumpVine Where is the money @MacMiller? 
The off shore Aberdeen wind farm site is u201cexperimentalu201d &amp; has no track record delivering energy. 
My Doral Country Club purchase was made just before Miami real estate market went through the roofu2014good timing!
@Jkoch19Koch: @realDonaldTrump Trump Chicago is the best hotel in the world. Sitting in Rebar with a fabulous view! #thankyou
@DannyZuker: @realDonaldTrump @dannyzucker It's @dannyzuker.  As I said, I've never heard of you before!
@LarryRobertWyat Our country needs a negotiator--we are failing fast!
@cobra4748: @realDonaldTrump You are the only candidate ! We need someone like you who wants nothing but to save our country and make great
Can you imagine if Bushu2019s administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of Americans?! Democrats are such hypocrites.
Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits...
@Rodzillatron1: Definitely added to my collection. great product RT u201c@realDonaldTrump: I hope you buy my shirts and ties at @Macysu201d Great!
@DonJuanRiley1: Getting a picture of Donald Trump and putting it on a shirt tomorrow cause hes a true american hero :)  Wow, so nice!
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Sugar is so untalented!  True, but he makes me money!
@TiffanyATrump   Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you!
@KarenAsh1560 @B_Cat41 Happy Birthday!
Get ready for fireworksu2026@Joan_Rivers &amp; @THEGaryBusey face off in the Board Room this Sunday on All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.
Great ruling on wind farm in Scotlandu2014very smart judge! Front page article. 
u201cGive me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day.u201d - Samuel Goldwyn
New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!
@GeneMcVay: @realDonaldTrump The Donald says the Republicans absolutely can win if they will STAND FIRM. @SpeakerBoehner
@JMBruh @jdmael  Complete is good.
u201cI don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.u201d -- George S. Patton
@mitchgotinfo: @realDonaldTrump Don, the Country needs you, I served 4 years in our Armed forces, and I am asking you to lead our Nation,
It is a great honor for me to be inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame. This will take place on April 6...
@Wasimperviz                     n@realDonaldTrump when will u return to @wwe? @VinceMcMahon  Soon!
@NhoieGee: @realDonaldTrump am i gonna see u in russia this november?? are u goin to attend the event?  Miss Universe on Nov 9th, yes!
@PoemTrees: Counter sue for your loss of time if you want, but it might be easier to let it go~ Glad you won.. And had justice~
I gave away money. Go to 
@kosstar: @DannyZuker @realDonaldTrump Did we ever get to the details of the deal?  No, Danny doesn't have the guts to play the game.
@A_Beil   Thanks Andrew.
@LMowle: @realDonaldTrump my grandaughter stacey7 is ill with cancer need to raise 500k pls rd hlp &amp; rt 
@kevinrleyland  Interesting!
For the disciples of global warming, in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4!
Detroit is going through very hard times right now.. If they are smart, brighter days are ahead.
Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be.
@rhondaberment Thank you.
We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out!
Just as I predicted, people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to Obama Care 
u201cSuccessful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.u201d u2013 Conrad Hilton
@TheMissis: @realDonaldTrump you're certainly giving @DanAmira and @NYMag publicity!! Even neg publicity is 'good' to some folk.  It's not
@The_Iron_Lad Conservative!
@FFXFamilyFun:My boy (6) is REALLY into @PassGoMonopoly and getting RE so I call him Trump Jr (nicely!). Hope you don't mind! ;)  My honor
Via @Law360: u201cTrumpu2019s $200M Old Post Office Project Gets Early Approvalu201d 
@caroleapple   Great meeting you!
Democrats try so hard to mock &amp; belittle Republicansu2014&amp; the Republicans just donu2019t fight backu2014no energy!
@ThisNBAgirl: @realDonaldTrump Are you still scared of @mcuban Trump?  Nobody is scared of Mark-he is a short ball hitter!
@DianeMarshall_: @realDonaldTrump speaks nothing but the truth, unlike certain people in the current presidential administrationTrue Diane
.@piersmorgan is back! Did I see @OMAROSA wince? #CelebApprentice
@dlayphoto: @realDonaldTrump Is that why youu2019ve filed for bankruptcy numerous times? I never filed for bankruptcy asshole!
...So far, he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.
@dabg3241 Turbines will kill more birds than hunters.
@ECNew_York  Thanks!
@Viles_ATC: @realDonaldTrump I'm in Charlottesville, where is your winery?  Right nearby - just ask directions.
#TrumpVine on ObamaCare website- 
@TweetsFromNancy  Interesting view!
According to Bill O'Reilly, 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.
Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits, that could happen here.
Shirts and ties are doing great @Macys--thanks!
@kalevans: @realDonaldTrump Iowa is the second leading state in the nation when it comes to wind energy! Sad distinction, farm land lost!
@tdudz5: @marinedad20 @realdonaldtrump sure you do! Celebrity Apprentice is nothing without Trumps influence.   True and thanks!
The misery of Obamau2019s economic policies. US households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011 
Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb Report.
26,000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil!
@haay_ramiiie: @realDonaldTrump has the best twitter
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead, time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.
@Whoopsydoodle: @realDonaldTrump god your the best Mr. Trump!  I like you tooooo!
.@BrandenRoderick returns in All-Star @ApprenticeNBC  2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific!
#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
@bracybuilders: @realDonaldTrump just a playboy
@skqush: @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama wears ua line of #shirts too even if you don't agree wit his #leadership style!  Very cute.
Via @ACLJ: Pastor Saeed's Wife Expresses Gratitude to Donald Trump for Raising Her Husband's Plight 
Itu2019s Thursday.  How much has OPEC ripped us off today?
@kennyp1966: @realDonaldTrump nice looking family! Of all your accomplishments, your family has to be your greatest
@TheTeflonDante         n@realDonaldTrump @gretawire I bet her ratings were great! Good work Mr. Trump They were great--thanks!
The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!
@PhakzenVanKlipz  Only tell the political truth--thanks.
I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars!
@sneal50            nThe best thing you win by winning USA /Universe is the opportunity to learn from @realDonaldTrump .....  Thank you.
China has control over North Korea!
What?!  LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met?
Why is @AlexSalmond pursuing environment destroying windmills when @VattenfallGroup quit because of no (cont) 
A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia.  Putin is laughing at Obama.
The Formula of Knowledge: The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry.
@milkncookies70  Not easy!
No @DannyZuker , just the opposite, lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game (deal)!
@GreatBolter: @realDonaldTrump @Nate_StuLLeR You use leverage better than anyone!  That's what they say!
@MisterEspinal  Thank you.
Sheu2019s back! Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the boardroom in this yearu2019s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Joan is ferocious.
@jma187 @billmaher Interesting!
I feel bad for all @VanityFair employees. Every day at work, they see circulation going down as Graydon runs his bad food restaurants.
My interview with @ThisWeekABC w/@GStephanopoulos destroyed all Sunday competition w/ 2.52M total viewersu2026thatu2019s why they want me on!
@dandeloof: @realDonaldTrump any idea where Dwight Howard is going?  He will.do best in Houston!
After tearing W Bush down for 12 years, now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama.
@mrrmart: @realDonaldTrump what do we have to do to get real leadership in our country? Find greatness and push to victory!
@SueGriffiths19                  nBeen a bit quiet lately? Told my job is at risk NY - any tips to cheer me up? Be positive, do your best!
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!
@PeaceOut4Hire: @realDonaldTrump Nobody will laugh at us when you're in charge. #PEACEOUT  That is so true!
The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!
@JaseDuckman: All is well between me and @realDonaldTrump. We wear big boy pants. Mine happens to be camo. #NoWorries Great Jase!
@JustKieffer @GoAngelo @macy Not much!
@miamarrazza Work really hard &amp; think smart!
u201cCourage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.u201d- John Wayne
u201cThe aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through.u201d  - Steve Jobs
While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria, maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?
@Legit73791728 Thank you.
Must read article by @EmilyMiller: u201cAnthony Weiner is a twit who treats women like dirtu201d 
@gregfrech: @realDonaldTrump have you seen the video of the rebel commander cutting out and eating the Syrian soldiers heart &amp; liver!!
@jamescoleman07: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for being an inspiration for people like me! YOU define SUCCESS! THANK YOU!   Very nice-thanks
@CCtscan2: @realDonaldTrump your opponents can't compete against the ratings machine that you are. Thanks, very nice!
@Prince_Keign Perhaps--no decision yet.
My son @EricTrump has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for @StJude. He is a really good boy who loves helping kids.
u201cIn every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten...
@pzpower @WWE  Vince is fantastic!
@shiveringgoat: @realDonaldTrump These poor guys were PROVEN INNOCENT!  Oh really,  weren't these poor guys mugging other people in Park?
No one wants the government to shut down, but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
@Alan_Saranga Thanks.
.@KeithUrban is excellent on American Idolu2014great touch, solid guy!
Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage.
Press conference at The Old Post Office in D.C. 
@MrBrandonCraker: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump I love you and Celebrity Apprentice!!! You are awesome and should be president. THANKS!
It's Friday. How much money has been wasted on defunct ObamaCare website today?
@LEADERSMag  Great job!
@nikkio: @realDonaldTrump Just read book Contagious, why things catch on - reminded me of u --ur one of a kind! :)   Thank you!
The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us.
@PlsCloneNugent  Thanks Susan.
@TylerKrist734  Thanks.
19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!
I am happy that The Job on CBS, the 16th. knockoff of the Apprentice, was just cancelled. I love to see my opponents lose (not nice)!
Defund it, or own it. If you fund it, you're for it. - @SenMikeLee
Wow, just watching the news.ObamaCare and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.!
@eliiizabethhhhh: @realDonaldTrump run for president in 2016 so I can vote for you! You would have this country fixed in a month!
My @foxandfriends int. re: Tigeru2019s victory at Trump @DoralResort 's @CadillacChamp, my WH tour offer and CPAC 
@michaelmu: @realDonaldTrump How important do you think college is? Especially during these times..  Very important
The new selection of ties, shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby.
Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
James Holmes, the Aurora, Colorado guy who killed 12 people &amp; injured 58 others, is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty...
Will @anthonyweiner be fully clothed in his mayoral ads?
.@TrumpDoralu2019s record $200M renovations are on schedule. The hotel remains open for guests, events and conferences. 
@CorsoC311 @SamShahrooz Thanks Cathy.
@storingmaysoul  Thanks.
@SandyInu We'll see.
u201cDestiny has a part to play in your life and in your business u2013 so give it a chance to work.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@zachcb1. Thanks.
@TBrown2334  Not good!
@sadatDM. Thanks.
@JackieHearns  Thanks Jacqueline.
Watch Miss USA 2013 Sunday night at 9 PM ET. Live from Planet Hollywood, Las Vegas. 
@tonescotland: @Rizz_Lizz @realDonaldTrump he has destroyed wilderness beaches in Aberdeen.  Built world's greatest golf course-TOP DRAW!
@Janet_Carswell @samflaherty_  Thanks.
@bradisin: Is @DannyZuker still feuding with @realDonaldTrump?  Who's Danny Zuker?
@DHalley: @realDonaldTrump Sounds like a fantastic project. Keep us posted on the progress. Take care.  Thank you.
@CraigHeff   I don't, he makes me money!
To be in charge, you have to take responsibility, you have to instill confidence. Itu2019s like being a conductor--set the tempo.
@SupadupaNycee: @realDonaldTrump but they didn't do it you wished death on innocent children - who were brutally attacking people in Park!
@NattieBright: @realDonaldTrump If u r so disappointed at Obama why don't u run for president in 2016!  Watch!
@Rich_LaBelle Have fun.
@Katietennis1223 Thanks, everyone loves it.
@infinitys_edge: @realDonaldTrump I'm in the Billion Dollar coalfields and thanks to Obama I can't even leave the house I'm so broke.
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie, announce that ObamaCare was a mistake, and deal a really great plan!
@MsCattitude1 @ApprenticeNBC Great and thanks.
@blake1swanson Thanks.
ObamaCare will cost 3 times as much as Obama promised u2013 $2.6T 
@craigashwood: @realDonaldTrump Nice job Mr.Trump! Smooth, relaxed, and in good humour. Thanks!
Isnu2019t it amazing that Obama u201cnever knewu201d about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!
Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!
@Ronturner10 Pursue it starting today. Action  is the foundational key to all success.nPablo  Picasso
Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing!
u201cOne reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@ElmarosuElvin  Thank you.
@seancourt: I feel safer knowing men like @realDonaldTrump are around  Thank you.
China, Russia and Iran are laughing at us. We have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. Dangerous times.
@scotty752 Thanks Scott.
@EricGBassett  Mostly my father.
Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point, course will be GREAT and, over the years, hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC.
Here I am with @IvankaTrump and erictrump presenting the WGC @CadillacChamp Trophy to Tiger Woods atu2026 
@LiamMcCallum85: @realDonaldTrump should be elected for president of the world. The man speak great sense about world problems!! #leader
@drstardis: @realDonaldTrump some people look up to athletes some its musicians for me its Mr Trump. THANKS Cory!
@MileyCyrus is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness, the wrong moves to oblivion! GUIDANCE.
@thegurleygirl: @realDonaldTrump Wish you could lead this country. We need you Mr. Trump.
The Iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program 
@andy_murray   Fantastic job by @andy_murray, a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination!  AMAZING
No better place to celebrate New Yearu2019s Eve than @TrumpSoHo, the most elite hotel in downtown NYC 
@not_that_actor   Very interesting!!!
@meenah83: @realDonaldTrump .. Are you ganna tweet live?   YES!
Personally, I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry.
Total misnomer to call ObamaCare u2018The Affordable Care Act.u2019 Affordable for whom besides big businesses &amp; Congress w/their exemptions?
Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!
Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests in @TrumpTowerNY. We have a new celebrity! #CelebApprentice
@1996Goldberg Happy Birthday!
@_CASSmoney_  Thanks!
Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings!
@MeWonderful2: @realDonaldTrump @Rockinar @mtneerjustice LOLss. I wonder if the false info comes from hate OR just lack of knowledge.Hate
The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. ..
@kswizzle43: @realDonaldTrump what would you do - give a solution vs being so critical?.!.  I would make America great again!
.@JoseCanseco, who I got to know very well during #CelebApprentice, can't carry @SHAQ's jock.
@lotyworks: !!!u201c@realDonaldTrump: u201cWinners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.u201d u2013 Think Like a Championu201d  So true!
WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL???????
@ashleybonder: @realDonaldTrump if you had to start all over again, which industry would you choose ? REAL ESTATE, Ashley.
@TheJBish @billmaher You are right but I always believe in hitting back--and thanks.
We should stop talking, stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us, rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA!
@ChrisStackStacy   Thanks.
President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your powder for another (and more important) day!
Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon.
@mikefroccaro: @realDonaldTrump I wear my Donald trump tie every week. Incredible. Great!
Based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #CelebApprentice
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it, which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us.
@Beagle5iver: @realDonaldTrump going to watching Canadian Open this week?Maybe few tour players will visit Trump Toronto!  Great!
@NYMagu2019s sales are so dismal that w/ its record 2013 losses it is going bi-weekly 
@BigBobLarsen               n I don't always agree with you but I must say you do know how to inspire...  Thank you.
@lisaloren11: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Amazing show! Much laughter and tears of joy! Thank you ud83dudc99
@AdrianDemers: @realDonaldTrump if you were the President how long would it take for you to erase the U.S. Debt Deficit?  Not very long!
@joeyb134: I hope @realDonaldTrump will invite me to golf with him @TrumpDoral when it is all complete. It looks like an awesome place
@bprunty67: @realDonaldTrump the only ruler that does not Negotiate is a DICTATOR!
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight, interview with Bill O'Reilly, on @FoxNews at 8 p.m., repeated at 11 p.m.
@Ukfan71  Thanks.
@volkermillion Pretty much!
Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive, focused and remember everything has its ups and downs.
@swetasamota:  u201cBe tough, be smart, be personable but donu2019t take things personally. Thatu2019s good business.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion  DJT
@barnard_sonja: @realDonaldTrump I wish I had your confidence!  WIN, WIN, WIN and you will develop great confidence!
@EAWIII  Thanks and good luck.
Trump Making GOP Speech u2014 Is 2016 in the Cards? 
26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men &amp; women together?
Wow, itu2019s now official. ObamaCare website has topped $1B 
@jeffgonyea The Art of the Deal.
@JamesRobert_  Hi Robert--good luck.
@mena_le  True!
@GabrielC1997: @realDonaldTrump @AMuller65 with @realDonaldTrump as president USA will be back on top  True!
@camastoras: @realDonaldTrump enjoying a great evening at Trump Toronto! 
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!
Have a great Good Friday and a Happy Easter.
RT @CPACnews: ACU Announces @realDonaldTrump will be a featured speaker at #CPAC2013!  Get tickets today at 
I'm at Trump National DC @TrumpGolfDC watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players! @ThePGAofAmerica.
With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects, it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early.
Via @ChristianPost @NaghmehAbedini to Testify at New Congressional Hearing on Persecution of Pastor Saeed Abedini 
@UberBurgers Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles.
@JATBWIFEE Thank you.
The Emmys are sooooo boring!  Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night.
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
.@nbc did a great job last night with the @GoldenGlobes!
@Strange_Drugs: @realDonaldTrump when you die in 4 or 5 years, the world will be a better place.  I know, I will make it that way!
@dubenezic: @realDonaldTrump Great speech. All true. Some of it sadly. #CPACThanks Bob!
@BillLMU Lili will call you - thanks and good luck!
Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster, they now own it.Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority.
@TheNickSutton: .@realDonaldTrump great job during your interview on @ThisWeekABC! This country needs you.  Thank you!
Via @GolfweekMag: u201cTrump reveals routing for second course in Scotlandu201d 
@ericleebow  Five great golf courses with the new Blue Monster currrently under construction!
@erinamunson: @realDonaldTrump Sir, we need an efficient government and I'm sure as a businessman, you're great at it .  True!
@SOcean5 Interesting!
Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong - Think Big
@Dafny01 Do not give up, keep moving forward.
@michael_adair: @realDonaldTrump the course is magnificent DT ! You can't stop progress!!
...and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines!
Featuring top spa in New York, AAA Five-Diamond Award @TrumpSoHo is Sohou2019s most elite hotel &amp; destination spot 
Excited to be keynoting @bobvanderplaatsu2019 @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit in Iowa this Saturday 
u201cPay attention to the small numbers in your finances, such as percentages and cents...
@dianahartnett  March 3rd.
Donu2019t be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. Be tough &amp; fight to keep your standards high. -Think Like a Champion
I have just lost my beautiful &amp; elegant long time exec. assistant  Norma Foerderer. She passed away yesterday u2013 a truly magnificent woman.
To @TigerWoods  He is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at Trump National Doral. @DoralResort #Trump
@jgy777ph Thanks Joannah, they are sad and lost people.
Many people have asked recently when do you sleep?  The answer is -- not much.
@RachSolo7: I want to be just like @realDonaldTrump when I grow up #loveyoudonald #trumpforpresident  Go for it!
Making his case in a nice and articulate manner.
Good.morning, I'm going to work!
@daveinfinland: @realDonaldTrump I just watched the #youvebeentrumped documentary. It was a one-sided piece of garbage-a total disgrace!
Via @MoscowTimes: Donald Trump in New @eminofficial Video 
Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare canu2019t be fixed. Repeal!
Interestingu2026the last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson.
@RealDougClark  Great!
@BerniceTaylor10: @realDonaldTrump Really enjoyed your interview.Honest and stright forward, Love it!!  Thanks.
@andrewtavani: .@billclinton &amp; @GovChristie 1st met at wedding of @realDonaldTrump, when Christie was US attorney in the Bush admin.  TRUE
@FCVladJoseph: @realDonaldTrump: You forgot to mention that you're going into the WWE Hall of Fame.
@KingOf_Class Thank you.
@maggiedubh  Yes.
What did you think of @THEGaryBusey's mechanical dog idea?
u201cFailed show @DannyZukeru201d I have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits I have no questions about it!
Honored to be attending Rev. @BillyGrahamu2019s 95th birthday. His life &amp; work has brought hope &amp; faith to millions worldwide.
@Yazzeruk Very nice--thanks.
Re Miss Universe Pageant, weu2019ve spoken w/the LGBT community in Russia who asked u201cplease donu2019t leave, it would send the wrong signal.u201d
@doralaquatics: @realDonaldTrump WooHoo! Have lived in Doral for 14 years and city is excited for Trump upgrades! WELCOME! Thanks!
For you newcomers, George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice
On the whole, the teams seem to be working well together. No wars...yet.
@jfolds: @realDonaldTrump Bryant is the wanna be Greg Gumbel lol keep up the great tweets Trump!  Greg is far more talented than Bryant.
Really looking forward to my address @CPACnews this Friday morning at 8:30. Will stress jobs, etc. Can't wait to see my many friends.
@nandini_godara: @realDonaldTrump real name, real DP, real location. bring it.  But nobody cares about you, not even your family!
@Holly_Looya @divermam Ok. Ben--Congratulations on your graduation--and good luck!
@murraybrown10  Thanks.
@vin609: @realDonaldTrump Sad Day for Atlantic city was the day you packed it in. The town jumped when you were there. Major loss.
@Janie_Sears: @realDonaldTrump One day I will shake hands with the man who inspired me to dream (and become) BIG!  Great going Janie!
My @Newsmax_Media int. with @SteveMTalk on my Iowa @theFAMiLYLEADER speech, @jonkarl, 2016 &amp; Benghazi 
Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it tuff!
If these scandals happened before the election, Obama could not have won.
@GallenofMilk13 Great going.
@BarrieLouise: Lol. What is going on @ForQ2 ? Why is @realDonaldTrump threatening you?  He's afraid to use his real name-too costly!
@quickerwit: When @realDonaldTrump speaks people should listen.  Thanks.
Mar-a-Lago is Floridau2019s most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities 
@Seanelmi  Thanks Sean.
Emails prove WH knew ObamaCare website wouldn't work in October -- why didn't they delay the launch?  
@MaestroBeadles   Interesting!
@AmandaTMiller: Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates and first day of Cityscape 2013 cc @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump
FLASHBACK: Donald Trump Answers Boy's Prayer for New Bike 
@SarahB205 I get you!
Wow, it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!
Donald Trump Returns For 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' 
Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where theyu2019re coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation.
@ScottFlakne. Thanks Scott.
@TTmilano: When they ask me... Who is your role model? I proudly tell them its Mr @realDonaldTrump, Sir what u have achieved is a dream. T
83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.
Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.
Adam Moss, editor in chief of @NYMag is quickly losing his reputation in that @NYMag has become so boring and so irrelevant.
@TheMikeAwesome Thanks.
For the Republicans to have any success these next two years, they must have a long game plan...
@V3CEO  Thank you!
Via @espn: @dallasmavs u201cmost likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the Westu201d 
u201cOne man with courage is a majority.u201d - Thomas Jefferson
.@AlexSalmond See attached article. Very frightening to people living around these monstrosities 
Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration &amp; promised no tax increase 
@JackieDee16 @CelebApprentice  March 3rd 9 pm EST on NBC
@noturbine:West Palm Beach, FL industrial wind farm scrapped Thousands of birds/bats saved from death @AlexSalmond @aberdeenshire
@johan_jwc Because he paid me far more than it was worth!
@scottjfata I like Joe Paterno and his family.
@LILSKINNY11: @realDonaldTrump Hey D Trump, is time for me to buy a Trump 2016 yet? Lead us back to the top!!
@trinityjordan  I won't.
That would mean that Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he's done--politics, TV &amp; even real (cont) 
@exLWaters: @realDonaldTrump @Rizz_Lizz Not all Four Seasons Hotels are good. Every Trump is Always Perfect.  So true, thanks!
Agreed-- @piersmorgan says he and @OMAROSA have a u201ccommunication malfunction.u201d #CelebApprentice
@IvankaTrump @TrumpChicago  Great news!
@josh_b_123: thank you for creating the best show ever @realDonaldTrump  Very nice, thank you!
.@TrumpWaikiki is Hawaiiu2019s top luxury hotel &amp; destination. Each room features stunning views &amp; superb amenities 
With so many scandals plaguing Obama, it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them.
@kellypennett: u201c@jessrogo: The only reason I came to DC for my sister's golf tournament is to see Donald Trump speak at the dinneru201d Thanks!
Congratulations to @JasonDufner on winning the PGA championship. Great job!
@odogpundit Thanks Owen.
@yesterdaybyurs Take the time to make it great.
@sarah_bales1 True and thanks.
China is openly sailing warships in our waters &amp; arming countries in our hemisphere including Mexico 
Thank you to @AmSpec &amp; Jeffrey Lord for the lovely article u201cGovernor Trump? The conservative Nelson Rockefeller.u201d 
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.nn--John F. Kennedy, Inaugural Address, January 1961
@Macdaddyeli: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016! You'd be perfect for America!  Thanks!
Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away?  We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH
See the Ashley Judd ad by @karlrove and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama.
.@TrumpGolfLA, has panoramic Pacific Ocean views, features a 7,242-yard public course designed by Pete Dye n
Mr. President, tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR, as a sign of good faith, &amp; if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions
This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans!
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
From 10-11 pm, @ApprenticeNBC ranks #1 in 18-49 among ABC,CBS, and NBC. #CelebApprentice
We need to worry about the American worker first!
@ForQ2 You're nuts, go get a job.
The Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump @DoralResort. On April 1, I go out &amp; play it one more time until the new course opens.
@johfax: Visiting NYC today. Where can I buy your famous light pink tie? @realDonaldTrump  Macy's or Trump Tower.
@twojacksdetail  Send it to me in New York, Doug!  Thanks.
@pmpatl: @realDonaldTrump You need to run in 2016!!!  Thanks.
Golf match? I've won 18 Club Championships including this weekend. @mcuban swings like a little girl with no power or talent. Mark's a loser
@chiIIdog: @realDonaldTrump ten years ago, we had steve jobs, bob hope, and johnny cash. now, we have no jobs, no cash, and no hope.
@paul1994loan: @realDonaldTrump Big Q Did you shoot your age? No, but close!
We continue to lose our nationu2019s finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives.
Make sure you realize that this u2018dealu2019 is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
@IDKbrody: @realDonaldTrump: So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice TRUMP PRESIDENT 2016 Great
@Deelaney31                     n@realDonaldTrump Besides hard work, what has made you such an enormous success? I love what I do.
@carsenadeline Yes, absolutely. There are always opportunities and therefore hope. Good luck Carsen!
@kmcs1957: @realDonaldTrump what One Thing would it take for you to run for President in 2016?  Great support!
@kellygpiowa12: @realDonaldTrump @Elianism &gt;Im a woman...and I better see beauty at a beauty pageant!
@lanele123 Thank you.
@ZacharySperling: @realDonaldTrump How old were you when you decided what you wanted to do with your life?  18.
@JanMillerCoHost  Thanks Jan!
@concal: @realDonaldTrump up before 7 on a Saturday. That's why you're a winner.  Thanks, but.much more because of the.brain!
Dying @GQMagazine just named me to a list. Too bad GQ is no longer relevantu2014wonu2019t be around long!
@Fleur498  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
@KhalidNasser: @realDonaldTrump In this case, What would you do if you were the President? I'd rebuild the U.S. and make it great again!
@WantonSoop  True!
@Matthew_Pascale: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? @realDonaldTrump - Great quote from an experienced leader.
@Paulaj65: @RealJobeTalk @realDonaldTrump If u hate Mr Trump, why r u following/commenting on him? I'm a big fan of his!!!
Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over
@NormaWilcox  Thank you.
.@VanityFairu2019s 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under Graydon Carter 
@A380Jet: @realDonaldTrump Anthony Wiener couldn't pass a background check to be a police officer what makes him qualified to be Mayor???
@JasonBordui: The best place for a great lunch with a spectacular view in Chicago is @SixteenChicago @realDonaldTrump.
@chuckyc78: @realDonaldTrump happy the apprentice is back to two hours having my weekly apprentice party You will love it tonight!
@dasboot96 @KyleMcCall4  True--just terrible.
@JUrciuoli19 Happy birthday!
@Corte74  It helped!
@DavidPerez728 @TrumpLasVegas  Great!
@FashionistaBtch: Give it up haters @realDonaldTrump has @MelaniaTrump #TheEnd #Perfection ud83dudc97
Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember, in the beginning they said it couldn't be done!
@vibow54  True!
Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes.  You get what you vote for!
@sisson_travis: @realDonaldTrump when's good for me to head down to doral with the boys? #kimMitchell  In September
The shirts and ties at Macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass
@bonnie_obe: @realDonaldTrump congrats my role model!! I always look up to you,boss. Thank you!
@DrakeFrisby   But I doubt it!
@alanzaniewski: @realDonaldTrump this is the best vine ever!!! @anthonyweiner  Thank you-another daily change to technology!
@MikeDGarrison: Judge orders Miss Pennsylvania to pay Donald Trump $5M in defamation case. 
@TheNordicBroad Thank you.
.@AlexSalmond , the Scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbieu2026
Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history.
@SamShahrooz: @realDonaldTrump Why dont you run for President? I think you would win and be a great President! #Trumpforpresident Thanks!
@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump I've come to the conclusion the only help for America, is TRUMP 2016 for President!  Probably so!
@ErikAunapuu: @realDonaldTrump I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen! Thanks.
Weiner says many more pictures may be out thereu2014this is just what NYC needs, a pervert Mayor.
Exxon donated $250g to Obama's inaugural 
@Jagadis63 Thank you.
@CasaMadison Thanks.
@loverofthecross I don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions.
Lightweight NYS Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. See website 
@GolfweekMag's Best @GolfweekPhotos of 2013:  Donald Trump at @TrumpDoral 
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years, nobody would be suing themu2014easy target.
...Brande was also smart in not bringing Omarosa to the boardroom.
.@TimTebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead.  He deserves to be in the @nfl.
.@SarahPalinUSA did a great job @CPACnews. Much of what she said was plain old common sense.
@blmeek: @realDonaldTrump you could have blown all the money or made it grow.....People are just jealous.  Totally true and thank you!
@angieevanhorn  Thanks Angie for your comments.
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.n--Mark Twain
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.- Ronald Reagan #MakeDCListen #DefundObamaCare
@JamieHumble  True!
@nicko7785: @realDonaldTrump just got to NYC, what's ur best tip to enjoy this amazing city?  Go to Trump Tower, 57th. &amp; 5th. Avenue.
In @oreillyfactoru2019s No Spin Zone re: ObamaCare causing unemployment, negotiating with China &amp; my $5M court win 
Dress for success. The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys.com 
@mrdemain27 Thanks Darren.
Itu2019s Tuesday.  How many terrible predictions and advice will Karl 1.6% Rove make today?
Afghan Leader Karzai has received tens of millions of dollars IN CASH from the U.S. Government- how stupidly is our Country being run?
@IdiotSavant24 @billmaher Thanks!
@DylMyr  Go for it.
@MarcusMyers1: @realDonaldTrump @jenlloyd10 @saintnicoleross Mr Trump, pilots fault or the airlines for lack of training ?  Probably both!
Challenges present opportunities.  Always keep your focus and stay calm.
What did you think of the boardroom? #CelebApprentice
@CBass7: @realDonaldTrump you are truly a man that anyone can look up to. I have the utmost respect for you, a true and honest man. I try!
@livin_in_80s: @realDonaldTrump hell yeah! Dammit I love the frankness and brutal honesty of @realDonaldTrump ! It is the only way!
@Trish3D @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @RedCross  He's great!
@violets69: @realDonaldTrump do you remember my grandfather Hon. Frank J. Blangiardo? 
@Miranda__Diplo: @realDonaldTrump is much more than just a Republican. He is a brilliant entrepreneur and individual. Thank you.
If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare, and fast, Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions!
@schutzhund007  Great--I would rather it be here--by far.
u201cWatch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.u201d -     nGeneral George S. Patton
RT @TODAY_Clicker: Get ready, @ApprenticeNBC fans! @realDonaldTrump promises plenty of mean and nasty action.. 
10 yrs ago today, the Iraq war began. 4,485 of our nationu2019s finest have not returned home alive. Iran will soon control Iraq &amp; its oil.
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available at @Macys, is the pinnacle of style and prestige 
@teaparty321. My honor!
@CBrock14: @realDonaldTrump what do you think the best major to study in college is? Follow your dreams-study what you love!
@Chase_Combs4: Getting ready to watch @realDonaldTrump on @FoxNews! #SmartGuy       Will be on 7 A.M.
Congrats to Team USA &amp; Capt. @AllenWronowski for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved!
Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with global warming?  Good move changing the name to climate change - sad!
@koos32                n@realDonaldTrump Donald, you also belong in the same category as a great leader. The US needs you! Thanks.
@mforbes326: Can't wait for Celebrity Apprentice! Let's do this Gary! I hope he wins tonight. @realDonaldTrump
@joeperella3: @realDonaldTrump @macy I got a suit and 3 ties from you  Great Joe!
@Graciferia: @realDonaldTrump I think you are great. Can't wait for Celebrity Apprentice starts again! Best show on TV!  Thanks!
2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?!
@DannyOjedaOKC  Thanks.
Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
Shining over Fifth Avenue, @TrumpTowerNY (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant, bar, cafe, ice cream parlor and Gucci.
@4geiger Hi Sara--have a great time!
u201cAction is the foundational key to all success.u201d - Pablo Picasso
@paulcdevlin Much better, enjoy it!
@JimmieJScott: @realDonaldTrump Did you ever think #TheApprentice would be the ratings machine it is for so long? No, but who ever knows.
Scary. President Obama told Boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem  
With the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed, all women need to be on the lookout. Sexting begins 9.11 @ 12:01 AM
@therealHamzeh: One of my idols @realDonaldTrump  A geeat compliment - Thank you!
@PashaRozay: Ivanka Trump is the best thing @realDonaldTrump ever created. #celebrityapprentice #theapprentice
@CaroleCJF  Thank you.
Little @MacMiller, you illegally used my name for your song u201cDonald Trumpu201d which now has over 75 million hits.
Congrats @TrumpToronto for being ranked #1 on @TripAdvisor and a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner!
@rockinthetote: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag what a horrible thing to say!  Not exactly an unbiased editor-very unprofessional &amp; sad!
... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool.
@Show5783  Who knows?
@AnubisJudge  Happy Birthday!
The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic!
@AmitchellMo Recognize the opportunity, focus on it, and don't give up. Luck is often earned.
.@GOP HOUSE LEADERSHIP u2013 ESTABLISH SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI. THERE IS A MASSIVE COVERUP.
Sacrificing our nationu2019s bravest for  ungrateful Iraqis = great for China. China is taking majority of the oil 
@Yolie4MS. Loser!
I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad, too late!
Remember, this Sunday I am also featured on @datelinenbc at 8PM, right before the premiere of All-Star @CelebApprentice @nbc likes me!
One of Obamau2019s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts, not work.
@Kingofgames3000: @realDonaldTrump the baddest boss on the planet taking no bs from anybody gotta hand it to you the real estate king Cute
@alefx33: Nelson Mandela and @realDonaldTrump two world's leaders 
. @Newsmax__Media is one of the top media outlets in the country. @ChrisRuddyNMX has revolutionized political commentary and reporting.
@preferrex: @realDonaldTrump please please retweet for my wife whos a 2nd grade teacher battling stage4 cancer here in NJ.  Get better fast
@dellLucky13: @realDonaldTrump Please help this widow who lost her Veteran husband. Please donate even if its a dollar.
.@lisarinna is the last lady standing in All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Watch out men, sheu2019s sharp and tough.
@lorenzolamas Thank you!
@vinceritch Thanks.
@josephc45  Do you understand sarcasm?
My @TeamCavuto interview re: 2016, the need for leadership in our country, Syria &amp; China hacking our military 
Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!
@wrhitchcock Thank you and true!
Looks like @OMAROSA is up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice
@MexicoIndie: @realDonaldTrump if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say, everything would be better
@DamonCanel @TrumpLasVegas Thank you.
@KathyRushford: @realDonaldTrump Do you beleive all that money was spent on a website ?  No, MUCH MORE!
@handyrachet Flattery!
@VuyolwethuManka Thank you very much.
@Eian_Bell: @realDonaldTrump i hate you with a passion but i agree with you on the zimmerman case  Thank you for being so nice!
Be sure to listen to my interview today w/@SteveMTalk on @Newsmax_Media 
@sdoocy Thanks Steve.
Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week.
@JMarkTiller  Thanks.
Another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines. Unnecessary waste--horrible! 
@BeanAnn  Wall Street Journal &amp; lots of others, including television.
@dandeloof @mcuban Wrong--he started it, I finished it!
Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice!
@dst1015: @realDonaldTrump my friend and yours Mike San Filippo qualified for the US Sr Open. Mike is a great player-give him congrats!
Iran has never had a better friend than Obama.
@bluejoni: @realDonaldTrump The Scots LOVE their wind power.  No, they hate that it is ruining their land (which it is).
@yokoono John was great--everybody misses him. Best wishes.
What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year!
Via @freep: Trump to speak to GOP 
@SeanMcQuade: @Acliffe @realDonaldTrump jealous of his success ?  Sean, don't waste your time on these losers-they have nothing going!
I donu2019t like seeing the Pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. Itu2019s not Pope-like!
Whereu2019s the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
If FM @AlexSalmond needs to litter Scotland w/ ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence, he will lose! 
@Dattan78. Thanks!
While in Charlotte this weekend will visit my Trump National Golf Club on Lake Normanu2014a magnificent place &amp; doing really well!
@thatBrody: @realDonaldTrump @billyharry1 @HowardStern @DannyZuker Donald will always be one of Howard's greatest guests.  So true!
@AJZnidarsic: @realDonaldTrump when will Charlotte see Trump as part of the skyline?  Already have a great job there, Trump National.
@jaypward  Thanks Jay.
@johndoe5210: @realDonaldTrump . I worked for another self made man, Elon Musk. I have the greatest respect for both of you. Thank you!
@LadyJelenaxoxo  Thanks.
Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet?  Whereu2019s the media?
@PartylikeRlove1 You don't need me--Mar-a-Lago is the best &amp; most beautiful place to get married. If I'm there I'll stop by. Congrats!
#TrumpVine Weiner is a joke.... 
@yadapup I will try!
@A11_Seeing_Eye: @realDonaldTrump @DAM615 Does an IQ of 60 count as being smart? No, sadly you are very dumb-but probably born that way.
In the general course of human nature, a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will. - Alexander Hamilton
@MissUSA2005  Thanks Chelsea--you are great!
Obamau2019s budget spends $2B making our navy ships algae-powered 
@MaxVayner  Your man, little Jon S(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
@Kevin_Johnson68 @trapasso2501  Trump Tower is open to the public.
.@MattBevin: As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector, if you lie on your resume, Youu2019re Fired!
.@TIME Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards!
What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING!
.@TrumpCollectionu2019s @DoralResort renovations are  revitalizing Miami. The new course will be a great challenge 
See ungrateful Little @MacMilleru2019s statement to me a year agou2014 
Wow! Does Eliot Spitzer have a girlfriend? This is getting exciting.
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them.
Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR
Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!
@JarredPolseno Thanks Jarred.
@Robertr369: @realDonaldTrump if only Japan had the same courtesy Dec 1941  They should have told us they were coming like us with Syria!
@McLeanGolf Tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course.
@Rockinar: @realDonaldTrump @mtneerjustice Trump does not own the hotel. He just licensed him name out for it. Wrong, I own the hotel!
@DonaldRumsfeld9: @realDonaldTrump @VanityFair @CondeNastCorp i hate those non food restaurants!Graydon's food sucks, worst in town!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
@IRideMarta:                     n@realDonaldTrump please save our country before its too late!! President Trump sounds perfect Thanks.
@ChrisLawGolf: Playing @realDonaldTrump International Links tomoro. Can't wait! Supposed to be amazing! #beentoldtotakealotofballs Enjoy!
@jeffldye                    n@realDonaldTrump Visually the best golf course I have ever played! Trump international Golf Links. Thanks.
.@Graeme_McDowell  Great playing this weekend. You are a true winner. We look forward to having you back to Trump National Doral.
@AarranMcPherson: @realDonaldTrump Good luck in your case against the wind turbines in Aberdeen Bay, most sensible Scots agree with you!
Via @politicalwire: u201cTrump Not Happy with Republicansu201d 
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
@bahia6085 True and thank you.
@GregVineyard1: @realDonaldTrump wonderful gesture to lil Jon, best celeb apprentice yet! Thanks for a great show Mr. Trump!  Thanks
ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK!
@FashionFindsbyR  Thanks, enjoy!
.@RNC leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare.
@Javi8104 Great--good luck.
@Jaine004 Thanks Jane.
@milosuperpug: @realDonaldTrump @TormeyPaul @DanAmira @NYMag NO got so irrelevant. TIME OUT far better than ny magazine.
@lexgates We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland.
59% of the United States, by area, is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The global warming name isn't working anymore-SORRY!
@TheTinaBeast is claiming that she decided to leave the @thedailybeast. Sure, just like every other magazine that fired her.
Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet!
u201cBeing an entrepreneur is a big task. So what can you do to prepare? First and foremost, expand your focus.u201d - Midas Touch
@riggs_deb: @realDonaldTrump My hubby just said you're his 2016 pick. I told him to get in line. I picked you first. #Trump2016  Adorable!
Bob &amp; Suzanne Wright, co-founders of @autismspeaks  have done an absolutely fantastic jobu2014two real winners.  
@AuthenticSig22 Easier said than done!
@duncanrj1969 Thanks.
@RFussell Good idea!
@MJJustus1: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for the times you invited vets to Maralago. You didn't have to do that, so thanks. It was my honor!
@Howard2Lloyd Yes, at Macy's.
@Tee_Rellzz: I may not agree with everything he says but your definitely a good businessman @realDonaldTrump  Very true!
Priorities. While Obama wastes billions on a broken website, he is going to cut military pay 
@rodmonium91 Say hi to your father--enjoy the tie.
@BeaumontAnthony Thanks Anthony.
u201cIf you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.u201d = u201cI was born in Hawaii.u201d
@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Is that Zuker character still giving u a hard time? He isn't qualified to shine your shoes! ANOTHER DOPE!
@DianeJackson9 If you love what you're doing, the energy and passion will be there. It's the best way to succeed.
Downtown Manhattanu2019s trendiest hotel, @TrumpSoHo -- 46 stories of luxurious rooms, fine dining &amp; The Spa  
@Azhar__Siddique: @realDonaldTrump How about the UK? Any expansion plans here? #thinkBig  Yes, big plans!
@brose2288: @realDonaldTrump The women are unbelievable but getting to hang with Steven Tyler will be the highlight!  Steven sings tonight
@Lumberportal: @realDonaldTrump I don't think the haters or losers bother Donald one bit haha. Do they affect you in anyway? No!
Do as I say, not as I do.The politicians who passed ObamaCare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity 
@me2palas1yap: @realDonaldTrump @Naplessun4664 i got dollars on Trump.
I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall.
@VinceMcMahon To Make His Second-Ever Hall Of Fame Induction 
@RealCoachHodge: @realDonaldTrump has a much higher IQ than idiot John Stewart   That's true, and by a lot.
See Charles Gasparinou2019s article in todayu2019s NYPost about Eric Schneidermanu2019s witch hunt against Republicans 
Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England!
Amazing how the haters &amp; losers keep tweeting the name u201cF**kface Von Clownsticku201d like they are so original &amp; like no one else is doing it...
Obama &amp; the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Donu2019t believe!
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies, a major blow  to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate
Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!
@petekobelka: @realDonaldTrump just wanted to let you know your show is the best show on prime time, better then anything!
u201cOne of the keys to thinking big is total focus.u201d u2013 The Art of The Deal
u201cIf you want the best, youu2019d better be the best u2013 in all aspects of business.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@MdsdadDotson Thanks Michelle!
@Mbathani_Inc Much can be done and it would be easy!
Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind, VICTORY!
@lynk339  Thanks.
Boring &amp; failing @NYMagu2019s 3rd rate political reporter @jheil had flunky @DanAmira write a totally false report about me today......
The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel.
@danconiapm: @realDonaldTrump he's no Churchill.   He might not even be Jimmy Carter!
@groovyhank  Thanks.
@jamesreid88  Thanks.
@MikeLaJnyc: @realDonaldTrump spent the night at The Trump Taj Mahal in AC. Had a great time!!!!! Great staff!
The now $1.2B ObamaCare website is as bad as ever-- insurers not getting the proper data. 
RT @EWErickson: Personally I think it is awesome that @realDonaldTrump listens to @DLoesch on the radio. She's awesome.
@Dstrick44: @realDonaldTrump @ricksmi54256322 You did run. And you had your ass handed you. Never ran stupid, but I wish I had-would have W
u201cYesterday's home runs don't win today's games.u201d - Babe Ruth
@lp084. Thanks.
Will be doing Fox and Friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy!
@JoanneEileen Thank you.
@SwanRose2013  I create jobs!
@jcalcat: @realDonaldTrump give me a good reason why I shouldn't unfollow you Because you can't live without.me or my extreme knowledge!
@CraigSJ   Why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the Park? What about their criminal records?
@merryman34 Thanks!
If your enemies end up liking you itu2019s because they beat you.  You want their respect, not their friendship.
@finger_slinger Thanks Davis.
@JohnQuinsay   When you get bored with others, you'll be back (and don't hurry).
The charities I have designated for @billmaher's donations are: Police Athletic League-New York, March of Dimes, Hurricane Sandy victims....
@funnsylvania: When is @realDonaldTrump going to finally get his own talk show? He would absolutely DESTROY the competition!  Thanks-time!
Go to Trump National Doral, Miami, and watch Tiger, Phil, Ernie, Rory and all of the other great players compete in The WGC Cadillac Champ!
@TsatsaSepia: @realDonaldTrump: u201cA big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
Re Lance Armstrongu2014not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
@dblsolo700: @zed_crtr @realDonaldTrump ASK HIM ABOUT #CP5 CENTRAL PARK 5  Yea, ask me about the muggers!
@denoforensics Good idea--enjoy!
@allen1006: @realDonaldTrump @kevin47881 he has kept his campaign pledge to fundamentally transform America-for the worse!
@sldewey  But a bad one!
@SmallTwnBigNews Kate--All my best wishes to you.
.@IamStevenT visited me at @TrumpTowerNY- what a great guy! 
@desolatefox: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @NYMag Sick and wrong. Apologize!
Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
@bradleycmc Thanks Bradley.
Millions protesting in Egypt for Morsiu2019s ouster 
Trump: Weiner a 'Sick Puppy' That NYC Doesn't Need 
@mishuboo: @realDonaldTrump I love you Mr Trump  Thanks Samantha.
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.  OPEC is laughing at us.
@Lversaci @billmaher  Thanks.
@JeffRuben1: @realDonaldTrump I hear the billions calling my name, you'll be hearing about me in a few years. #waterturbinetopower Great!
Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
... &amp; all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms 
It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again.
@SeanKAnderson: @realDonaldTrump my late-mother and I watch the Apprentice since S1. I was 10yo...the foundation for my love of business
Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower, Patrick Kane, @88PKane for the #StanleyCup win &amp; winning MVP of series.
@MS_Landshark: @realDonaldTrump @AMuller65 No I can't say I see it, I don't see the U.S as a major player ever again. Thanks to ObamaWrong
@KeyonMATTERS: You are so annoying @realDonaldTrump  Thank you, now get a job!
u201cI have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it.u201d -  Clint Eastwood
@DJLoopsFruit  That's because I know him-he's a lowlife!
@EAWIII: @realDonaldTrump It will make my 3 day weekend to get a tweet from the greatest businessman the world has seen!Great weekend!
@jutkarsh  Great and thanks.
I still canu2019t believe we left Iraq without the oil.
@IanCKeffer: Rocking a @realDonaldTrump brand tie today for good measure. The picture does it no justice. Available @Macys  LOOKS GREAT!
The Republicans must face reality &amp; create a strong &amp; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go.
@DrewHemijk  Thanks Drew. Good luck.
Make sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family. Happy New Year everyone!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supporting @FoxNewsu2019 employees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters.
.@Deadspinu2019s disgusting response will teach me &amp; others not to be nice anymoreu2014a sad lesson.
@SandyOgg1. Thanks Sandy.
The most luxurious hotel in downtown Manhattan, @TrumpSoHo is a top destination 
Can you believe that the Afghan war is our u201clongest waru201d everu2014bring our troops home, rebuild the U.S., make America great again.
Thatu2019s Adrian in the elevatoru2014 he works at @TrumpTowerNY &amp; heu2019s got a lot of stories. #CelebApprentice
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new 'ally' the Muslim Brotherhood hosted Ahmadinejad yesterday 
@ShaunSettle: @persdevquotes: If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big. ~ Donald Trump #lovethedonald @realDonaldTrump
If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the rebels executing prisoners, you would say forget the rebels!
@Domc73: @realDonaldTrump how much money do u give to charity every year ???  Lots!
@sheckiezx: @realDonaldTrump @kristinaoakes Only a moron would overrate him! He's overrated, and morons don't make more than 9 billion $'s.
u201cSurround yourself with people who are smarter than you.u201d -- @UncleRUSH
Often times being u2018innovativeu2019 is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. Be resourceful &amp; expect success.
The ruling @GOP consultant class of losers like @KarlRove have no respect for the Tea Party.  They do this at their own peril!
@LeapfrogMark BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage!
@Macys  The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts, ties, really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas &amp; holiday gift by far
Here I am with @RodStewart at Mar-a-Lago. 
@CitizenZeroLand: @realDonaldTrump Yo, bro, you rock! Fo real.  Very cool, thanks!
The upcoming All-Star @CelebApprentice puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given.  We really pushed the envelope
@lucindamac  Thank you, but we are dealing with many very stupid people!
@macgecko: @realDonaldTrump @macy @goangelo Love your ties Donald! They are quality and I own many! #menswear Thank you!
@karlrove Ashley Judd ad makes her and Obama look great...nobody wastes money like Karl Rove!
@MIbrunette  Our country needs the same fix-up.
@ForQ2: @realDonaldTrump she trusted you, her mistake, you beat her out of her 500K, She was mean and trusted no-one. You're easy to beat!
u201cFace reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.u201d - @jack_welch
@notdevondalton  Thank her for me!
@Hoxma: @realDonaldTrump My DJT Collection men's wallet from @macy's lasted me many years. Loved that wallet
My interview w/ @BloombergTV's Peter Cook re the Old Post Office Bldg becoming Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C. 
@Erikjhalvorsen   Yes!
@MarcoCompagno You are probably correct, I am too honest to be a good politician!
If we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use ObamaCare, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
@teresaisthebest: @itsjenwbitches @realDonaldTrump I love you. You are HILARIOUS.  But what about @DannyZuker, he gets paid to be funny?
@MaryHukill: @realDonaldTrump The Donald J. Trump shirt from Macys looks GOOD!!! Sharp, good fabric, great color...it ROCKS!!! Classy look.
@lbstatkidd1977: @realDonaldTrump @WWE named you as #3 greatest celebrity moment    Great!
u2018Uniforms 4 Everyoneu2019 campaign @fundanything has a $3,000 goal to buy underprivileged kids school uniforms 
@infiniteyounow  My honor.
Opening in 2016, Trump Tower Punta del Este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of Playa Brava 
I discuss yesterday's tragedy at the Boston Marathon in today's video blog. 
Bad break for @TigerWoods-hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ!
Whether you like it or not, Bush also gave us Obama!
@BILLIONIRV.  Thanks for the nice words Irv!
Congratulations to @Boston_Police, @FBIBoston &amp; all emergency first responders &amp; doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday
@RobertMcCallis3 @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @BBCNews @DanScavino  Turbines destroy environments and people.
@newnonny: @realDonaldTrump um... How the hell do YOU know???  Because I'm very smart, dummy!
@FutureCutler: @realDonaldTrump Couldn't be happier! Now #CelebrityApprentice is without a doubt the best show on tv! Glad you are happy!
@jacksback2009 Thanks Jack and Happy New Year.
@MattMogul Happy Birthday tomorrow, Matt
@thebageldogs @frankshow @kristinaoakes Thanks--the haters &amp; losers know that too.
@KingOf_Class: @realDonaldTrump Honestly,you can't find anyone more real than Donald Trump! A great compliment, thanks!
@DAM615: @realDonaldTrump yes you're a republican and smart. Now that's what we need to run this country! We sure need better than current
I wish President @BarackObama the best of luck in his second term...
@Facebook_Ben Thanks.
@Mitchell_Traver Thanks.
@alikilmartin. Stay tuned!
@Obs3shyn  Thanks, it was fun and amazing!
@EdwardAshton30  Thanks.
@tanwexy I like you too.
@jwhitlinger_GMP             n@realDonaldTrump @reklaw78 ..why the animosity towards Bryant Gumbel? He is a very stupid &amp; arrogant dope!
u201cOnce you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.u201d - Vince Lombardi
@Cancer_Champion  Thank you for those nice words!
Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!
@HankDHaney: @realDonaldTrump it's great to have u in the game of golf, ur courses r all great, first class operations in great condition
u201cWhether you realize it or not, your brand can be many times more valuable than your business.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@IsraeliPM @netanyahuu2019s UN address was a strong statement to the world that @Israel will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.
@BethAndersonEsq: I would love a tweet back from the uber-famous @realDonaldTrump! How do you do it all?   I often ask myself that same Q!
@charleslfreemn  My finances have been totally filed dummy!
@sjohnstonefilm   Thank you!
@Katdhairstudio Thanks, but I don't feel like it--work too hard!
.@Oprah was great-- amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview?
@Mishaforever: @realDonaldTrump @MikeDGarrison Fuck yeah! She SHOULD have to pay!  She said some really bad and stupid things.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - Aristotle
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed, he and the U.S. will look very bad!
@AgnesphAgnes @Deadspin  Thanks.
@reinaplaza: @realDonaldTrump don't call me a witch or medium,but I know you will be the next USA President. And you will get peace!  Wow!
I answered my @Facebook fans questions via video- watch- 
Employees of @NYMag should have their resumes updated. It is very boring &amp; will die in the near future. How much are they losing now?
Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice premieres.  Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM on @nbc. Big!
@0unicornchris0: @realDonaldTrump please please run for president  Well, it ain't working with Obama!
Thank you @GolfMagazine for putting my Scotland course on your cover and a Top 100 course in the world. 
@OWhiting147: @realDonaldTrump we know you hate Mark Cuban but what are your feelings on Kevin O'Leary? Never heard of him!
@ahatwearer: @realDonaldTrump why are you suing an old lady?  Because she is rich and owes me money - I am not stupid!
RT @gatewaypundit: The Trump Hotel Waikiki looks like a lovely resort @realDonaldTrump  #Hawaii
@bburke0920: @realDonaldTrump stay awesome MR. Trump you are an inspiration and a great American wish our elected officials could be same!
@SullivanShane9: @realDonaldTrump Visited Trump Towers today in New York. It's a beautiful building 
My @HollywoodLife interview w/ @MELANIATRUMP discussing her debut on @ApprenticeNBC &amp; her skin care line 
Such a nice article in the New York Times about a wonderful developer, Arthur Zeckendorf  
@NUNOSINAUSTIN: @realDonaldTrump celebrity apprentice tonight! Final two? Penn &amp; Little John, that's my guess..  Watch what happens,9 P.M.
Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression. - Think Like a Champion
@BeaumontAnthony: @realDonaldTrump. Great picture Mr trump would to see u invest in some golf courses in the UK your resorts are the best
@mariadomenique9: @realDonaldTrump my brother wears your ties to work everyday. He loves them. He's also a huge fan of yours! Say hello!
@el_juino: @realDonaldTrump well i will predict that if u run for president you will win
@DrJulianXavier: @realdonaldtrump huge supporter of your political beliefs! #staytrumping Donald!  I will!
u201cA people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.u201d - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit, nobody cares, but with me they go nuts!
My @eonline interview discussing @_KatherineWebb's stardom and why @espn's apology was unwarranted 
@BeaumontAnthony   Thanks!
I am hearing that @NRCC Digital Director @lansing is doing great work expanding and modernizing @GOP social media.  Good u2013 we need it.
RT @theRealKiyosaki: Donald Trump coined the phrase 'multilevel focusing'--I love it. It is when two ideas intersect &amp; form a new innovation
u201cThe great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.u201d - Laurence J. Peter
@charliemassie: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president. For obvious reasons.
@Seame_huntin  Thanks.
Take action every day, and stay focused for the long haul.u201d - Think Big
Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember, I told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher)
.@hardball_chris must have the lowest IQ on televisionu2014now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right.
@mikayladreyer  Thanks!
u201cDonald Trump: u2018Karl Rove Is A Total Loser,u2019 So Why Are People Still Giving Him Money?u201d  
@Joe10Kendrew: @realDonaldTrump sort out so that The Apprentice USA is on BBC again, so much better than Alan Sugar!
I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun!  #TrumpTower
Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks
Wow, with all this talk, @MissUniverse is going to Russia on November 9th- 
@icer100                     n@realDonaldTrump @icer100 Remember Obama so loved the poor he created millions more! Interesting!
Getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life, Celebrity Apprentice is great tonight on NBC at 9. It will be a full two hour show!
Great meeting with @NaghmehAbedini the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed, who is in Iranian prison. #savesaeed 
@terreldactyl: @realDonaldTrump I hate you but I love your ties  That sounds like a fair trade!
.@TrumpSoHo features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors 
@bahia6085 So nice, thank you.
@SimonNWrestler Thank you.
@bradkovach Sadly true!
Just left news conference at @TrumpTowerNY with @TheGaryBusey- people love @TheGaryBusey! 
@JocelynClervil @ESPN_Colin  Thanks.
@not_that_actor  Interesting!
@MattONU @billmaher  Not looking like it!
Still a buyeru2019s market but somewhat fragile.  Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
u201cThe worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.u201d u2013 The Art of The Deal.
@luuuucy15_: @realDonaldTrump hey I really love you and you're awesome  Thanks Lucy.
@RyanMjAnderson @CelebApprentice March 3rd.
@IcyJordan: @realDonaldTrump do you like LeBron as a player and person? @KingJames  LeBron is a great player and a great guy!
If Stop &amp; Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians, increases in crime &amp; eventual terrorist attacks will be on them.
DONALD TRUMP BLASTS THE OSCARS 
@quinton_west: @amyjwood that's because @realDonaldTrump IS THE MAN.  Thanks!
@FullForce098: @realDonaldTrump you just won a bleeding heart liberal's respect with that tweet.  Great news!
@kelseyalxandraa  Thanks Kelsey.
@rhino848484: @realDonaldTrump how do you feel about the Rolling Stone Cover hitting stores this weekend?  Boycott &amp; cancel subscriptions.
@VincentYanni   I agree, Modern Family sucks!
@Rizz_Lizz:  The reason I think you will be POTUS is bcuz I have never seen anyone juggle so many things at once &amp; be successful @ each.
u201cLeadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.u201d u2013 The Art of The Deal
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious.
How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it.
.@lisarinna is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice All-Stars. Our fans love her.
@CJohnson623 @billmaher  Stay tuned!
@RAPGAMEORTIZ Thanks--work hard.
.@Richard_Meier, a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he has designed.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver's original twisting design gives every unit a distinct view 
Congratulations to @secupp on joining @newtgingrich on @CNNu2019s Crossfire. Show will be excellent!
@Itskailiebro: @realDonaldTrump is my role model, he's always right.  No, just most of the time!
@thejbrain Thank you!
@seanparts Spring of '15.
@caarlatwiter  She's fantastic.
@JoshIs: Super happy to #unsubscribe @realDonaldTrump now that his asinine election antics are over. Then don't talk, do it asshole!
@TheOnlyCdorsey. Thanks.
u201cDonald Trump: Karl Rove Has Done Ashley Judd A Favoru201d 
@Katdhairstudio: @realDonaldTrump @josh_hlbrk Trump is addicting  I'm sure you are also!
.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Childrenu2019s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy.
Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also, recent asks?
@gaphotoman: @realDonaldTrump . If mr.Trump would run he would be the best president ever   Thanks!
Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor, but it won't be in Miami Doral in 2014-- Mayor Boria voted against it. I want total support!
Yes, this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course!
@TONE_L0C: @realDonaldTrump is better than @dannyzuker in a lot of ways, plus Donald has 2million more followers than zuker
What do you think so far? #CelebApprentice
Likewise, the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!
@sprinkler22 @GIL1FRESNOCA  Very nice, thanks Barb.
@leaheary  Thanks.
@Brn2ShpFrcd2Wrk: I wonder if @realDonaldTrump knows that @MileyCyrus is following him on twitter! #trump #miley That's great!
@BillKingLanark @dkberman @mathewi  That's true and I love it!
@ShawnWHughes: @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama has turned the USA into a laughing stock around the world.
@NYMag  True!
@JosiahJames17: Need more people like @realDonaldTrump in this country who get the job done and don't sugar coat things.
@scottybuoy13. Thanks!
@marksrink. A toy next to The Apprentice -  just a friday fill in!
The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than @DannyZuker. Come on Danny, make the bet!
@JohnNyire1  True--good luck!
.@GoAngelou2014the next time you have a rally @Macyu2019s, try getting 12 people instead of 11u2014it would be much more effective!
@amyg2200 Happy Birthday!
Trump Int'l Puerto Rico spreads luxury residences, a world class golf resort &amp; beach club across 1,000 acres 
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged, and you carry a gun, shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!
I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?
@jtthebossman Thanks Jack!
I wonder how @JoeBiden feels after last nightu2019s love fest between Obama and Hilary on @60Minutes. Canu2019t be too happy.
@1967porky  Yes.
Via @NRO:u201cTrump @KarlRove, u2018Most Overrated Man in Politics,u2019Responsible for Ashley Juddu2019s Riseu201d 
u201cIs business success a natural talent? I think itu2019s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
u201cSometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities.u201d u2013 Think Like A Champion
@MikeT_CT: Goddammit. I agree with Trump. MT @realDonaldTrump: A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete Rode into The Hall!
Now A-Rod is claiming that @MLB and @yankees are out to get him' 
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, offers the finest style in menswear 
@cous13  Thanks.
@RBrownFSU: @realDonaldTrump I'm coming to NY from Florida tomorrow. I'm bringing the first Trump 2016 sign with me. #startthemovement Wow
@chrisr52  Thanks, I am.
@ridetheory  Horses went up also!
@DMBGreySt: @realDonaldTrump @NYMag agreed. I won't be renewing. I got back issues that are paper weights. Bad people, false writing!
.@StephenBaldwin7u2019s mother thinks Iu2019m very handsome. Now I see where Stephen and Alec get their smarts. #CelebApprentice
@NYMag  Can you imagine a top editor at New York Magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible, he would be fired! Totally biased.
@LennyDopkin   I have not run it for many years, I sold it a long time ago (great deal, great timing). When I owned it, a top place!
Must read via @IowaGOP by @shanevanderhart: u201cCongress Should Vote No on Syriau201d 
@cadams2513: @realDonaldTrump if trump was POTUS we would have all the money we need! #trump 2016   That's true!
@WCMartzOfficial  Thank you.
Great sportscaster Al Michaels, a friend of mine, played golf with me on Saturday morning at Trump National, LA. He was in perfect shape!
Donald Trump Explains Why He Called Django Unchained 'Racist' In Tweet 
@mersjm1: @realDonaldTrump Why did you get this tattoo?!!!? 
It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before.
#TrumpVine @arod sucks! 
Champion @Joan_Rivers loves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in @CelebApprentice!
@DannyZuker Another racist remark by you, Danny, are you a racist?
A 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in Scotland 
@coolioneal  Thanks.
@Bittersweet008 Thanks Kayla, enjoy.
@MikeLoyaCenter  That's great!
The @CelebApprentice will be broadcast tonight on @CNBC at 9 PM.
Via @ArabianBusiness: u201cTrump eyes PGA tour for Dubai golf courseu201d 
@Mulligan672 @billmaher  True!
@dreamcharm: @realDonaldTrump eventhough don't agree with you slot, still think of you as rolemodel, thx, run for office
@HERCULES: @realDonaldTrump we would like to create a LL field in Chris Lanes honour at his home club.
Inflation is here.  Record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets 
Spent full day with contractors at Trump National Doral - it will be amazing! 
@Gurning_Chimp: @realDonaldTrump @bluejoni No, YOU hate wind power as YOU think it'll mess with YOUR golf course. That's true also!
@01101O10: only an idiot loses money in real-estate @realdonaldtrump does that all the time.  I've made over ten billion $'s, you idiot!
@TheSportsSwede: @realDonaldTrump @ec364 Bush murdered thousands of r troops &amp; wasted trillions $ in a needless &amp; senseless war-Iraq. TRUE!
@iHealthQuote: @realDonaldTrump You were great, you are always genuine.  Thanks!
.@TigerWoods has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! Give him credit, comebacks are tough to do. Way to go Tiger.
@HouseDealsNow @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  Thank you.
@afrodeziak: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @NYMag No place for that in a civil society. You should resign immediately.  They should demand it
@DirksMathias  Thanks Dirks--my honor.
@koneslager: @realDonaldTrump during your inaugural address tell Obama You're Fired!  Stranger things have happened!
@spuffer316: @IvankaTrump you have an amazing father @realDonaldTrump @rbeezybess  Thank you Stu, and Ivanka is a great daughter!
The people of Scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines. See Press and Journal- 
@CrimmsNchin: @realDonaldTrump Donald doesn't take shit from anyone, run for president already #america  Interesting!
@MeattHead_ @souljaboy @KennicotAsks Winning!
A special message for Martin Bashir- 
Sorry losers and haters, but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was!
Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans, and they never answer back. Why arenu2019t they fighting?
@RColdwellBanker: @realDonaldTrump @Macys great ties! Wear them help gives me the power to sell real estate out here in Scottsdale, AZ!
Via @scotsmandotcom: Trump joins with Chandler in bid to attract events 
@kaskman2: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for Apprentice to start up again , i have watched Every Season #yourfired Thanks.
@bingato                     n@realDonaldTrump At least Doral will be great again!!!  That's true!
@roannasweet  Not even close!
@Mackiaveli13: @realDonaldTrump Us latinos will vote for you. All we want is to be part of the American Dream. Include us! Cool.
.@JerryLawler was terrific. #WWEHOF 
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp; glory.
@jchorvath11 Thank you.
@babyguts666   Thanks!
... Also, if theyu2019re at home who the hell knows what theyu2019re doing (a second job maybe).
Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on @datelinenbc. It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach.
There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence.
@gretawire Will be on with Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-always a great show with Greta!
Remember, Anthony Wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from Congress and his apology-zero control over himself!
@MYSTORY2: @realDonaldTrump did u get boo d at the us Open last night?  No, very friendly crowd-great match!
@sherlock1313: .@realDonaldTrump Is there nothing that u don't pretend to be an expert at?  No, absolutely nothing!
The new reality u2013 Chinau2019s demand for oil now controls the market 
@PatsIntensity  Happy birthday!
.@CelebApprentice having u201ctop brand impact 2012u201d  ahead of Idol, Survivor, X Factor &amp; all others has caused quite a stir- no surprise!
@crconnections  Thanks and enjoy.
@dexterpugh   Great looking couple-good to have him back!
@ClareAurelio: @realDonaldTrump @Gamecockmtm1967 Run!!! Or this country will turn out like ancient Rome!  Perhaps so, not good!
Trumpu2019s Menie golf resort enjoys bumper first year 
@RealSonnyNewman   Thanks Sonny!
@NYCTiggy Hi Joanna.
@philzentz: RT@SeanHooligan6: @realDonaldTrump I live in Maine and let me tell ya Wind Turbines are a Disaster.
@dutchfreightman: @realDonaldTrump dined at Macleod House today. Wonderful in every aspect. Thanks for creating this on our doorstep. Nice
Good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories!
FRACK NOW &amp; FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here.
Thank you Readers' Choice: Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas has been nominated by 10 Best for Best Pet-Friendly Hotel   
@gusdoes: @realDonaldTrump wisest of all reporters ud83dudc4f  Thank you!
u201cMistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.u201d -- Bruce Lee
@quiteefranklee  March 3rd.
@jannyp70: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio stop fibbing trump you have nothing to do with uk show. Ur name Isn't on the credits! Just profits
@DurantRandy   Thanks.
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago. 
This Sundayu2019s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features the return of @Joan_Rivers.  Sunday at 9 PM on @NBC--full 2 hours.
@AndrewSNicoll: @realDonaldTrump the same idiots who think he was born in the USA! Dopes!
@MarlboroStan You've got it mixed up.  Chechnya is not the Czech Republic.
@Thomasbrennan01 Great architect!
I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow. Who, by the way, is totally overrated.
@libertybellskp So true!
@therickyjones: @realDonaldTrump do you honestly think you could run this country beyond the financial side of things?  Absolutely!
@em3601: Hey @realDonaldTrump, please announce you are running in 2016. You are the only one who can revive our country.
@Tid4Prez: @realDonaldTrump this interview made you look down to earth. Romney should have done Letterman.
@lunaticial Sorry Dopey, I bought lots of Facebook Stock at 16.
@Cynlanjoh Keep up the good work Cynthia.
Our country is looking very bad right now!
@BobSmit98038199: @realDonaldTrump @AGSchneiderman botox botox botox botox
@__Jibz True!
@ctobin22: @realDonaldTrump letterman's ratings were off the roof. Was it the TRUMP effect?? YES!
@ET614: @realDonaldTrump Trump For President 2016 !!! Thanks!
As Iu2019ve said many times before, Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow is highly overrated.
I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid!
.@Joan_Rivers u2014I know youu2019re watching- what did you think of your impersonator?
Magician extraordinaire @pennjillette is back in the All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve.
@JohnJohn1787 @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks John.
@adamricheal                       DonaldTrump for Pres 2016 America's economy needs his business Midas Touch &amp; no nonsense approach Thx.
@MirandaKroughh: @realDonaldTrump I love you and I think you're funny.  Sooooo sweet, thanks!
@GOP is burying itself. 63% of Republican voters think @GOP Congress is u2018out of touchu2019 
Great investor John Paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn't go bankrupt you morons!
Via @BreitbartNews @biggovt by @mboyle1: u201cEXCLUSIVE: NEVER-AIRED 'APPRENTICE' PARODY OF TRUMP FIRING OBAMAu201d 
I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office, called &amp; wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do, I will win.
Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq, it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!
@Rich9ie8: @realDonaldTrump we need more great Americans like you to make this country strong   Thanks for the nice words!
Druggie @AROD is now scheming to sue the @Yankees. He will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time.
Looking forward to speaking @acnnews International Convention tomorrow morning in Charlotte, NC 
...Apprentice was #1 among ABC, CBS and NBC from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos (adults, men and women 18-34, 18-49 and 25-54)- Nielsen.
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!
u200eIn anticipation of ObamaCare, part-time jobs are surging &amp; full-time jobs are falling and becoming scarce 
With Democrats Spitzer, Danger-Weiner &amp; Filner, which party really has the war on women?
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
@robertore62: RT @realDonaldTrump:@RoySchuhmacher: @realDonaldTrump You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America!
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
Autism Speaks, head up by Bob &amp; Suzanne Wright, does a fantastic jobu2014if only we had more people like them! To help: 
@afielding1984: @realDonaldTrump when you next in Scotland Mr Trump? We miss you! April and thanks!
I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership, and fast,before it is too late
@Doug_E_Fresh2: @realDonaldTrump is definitely a legend. A real man among men.  Thanks Doug, I like you tooooo!
Phil Mickelsonu2019s final 66 round in @The_Open was amazing. Congrats on his well-deserved win. Amazing competitor &amp; a great guy!
Had a great time on @gretawireu2019s inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta  on the new spot!
@matt_marcolini @MissUniverse @TrumpTowerNY Thank you.
Knowledge requires patience; action requires courage.  Put patience and courage together and youu2019ll be a winner.
@ELewie1994: @realDonaldTrump Ever going to return to WWE and have your $$$ fall down from the sky?  Up to Vince M.
@michaellunsford. Thanks Michael.
@EliTheFourth: .@realDonaldTrump, I emulated you for a speech in 8th grade. I look up to you. #htm #purduecal #accredited  Thanks.
@NLaSpada7  True!
@vicsecret2: @realDonaldTrump hi Don, what are your thoughts on Teresa Guidice???? A really nice person-hopefully everything will work out
@jevonk: @realDonaldTrump I thought you did a great job with Letterman. Thanks Jevon!
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.n-- Nelson Mandela
Just got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership!
@RyanTheDee: @realDonaldTrump I had a look round Trump International Golf Course in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is Stunning. Thanks
@SwagDaddyYol0: Why isn't @realDonaldTrump president instead of Obama ??  That is truly a good question!
@juicetucker: @realDonaldTrump Give them hell Don! They're just jealous!  Stupid is an even better word.
What a sad thing that the  memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral!
The next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans.
@tjljunior @billmaher Let's see!
Another one of me on stage. #WWEHOF 
@SybilaLopez: @realDonaldTrump The Quality is the best. A+.
I hear @billmaher really bombed in Springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy!
@thedealszone @washtimes Thank you.
@scotty752 @MELANIATRUMP Thanks Scott.
@juicetucker. Thanks Matt.
@sbair115 @gretawire  They call me names but that's ok?
@mikeluis93 Mark Cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing T shirts. No strength!
@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump A talk show is a great idea. Please make the time sir. The country needs you now more than ever.
@SyxxPac1980 @cherish_how  Thanks.
Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions?
Beauty arrives to Moscowu2019s Crocus City Hall this 11.9.!  On @nbc, the world will watch @MissUniverse 2013 crowned  
Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now!
@SunnyJL52  True
@MassBucketry Then why do you follow me dummy!
Congratulations to @ehasselbeck on her successful first day as co-host of @foxandfriends! Great to be in studio today for Elisabeth.
Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner- 
@sammy_abdel: @realDonaldTrump Donald speaks the truth but I guess thats a foriegn language to most of you guys!
@TheGrumpyHusky: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President, America needs you and your leadership. I believe you can restore this Country!
@BMP_Music_Event  Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
@james0479: @realDonaldTrump Gotta say #Apprentice is the only reality show I never miss! Consistently flawless programming  Thanks.
@_milfncookies: @realDonaldTrump I wanna do naughty things to u  Emelie behave, I am not Eliot Spitzer.
Congrats to people of Scotland on the Judgeu2019s ruling concerning bird killing, land destroying, environmentally disastrous windmills.
@Chiamboy8  Thanks for your kind thoughts, I love S.I.
@CJohnson623  Only one of-- but thanks!
@anniehepburn: I hope that one day I'll have a career like yours. You're such a role model to me! @realDonaldTrump u2665  Thank you!
Amazingly @AnthonyWeiner is going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out.
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!
@DannyZucker, are you ready for the deal?
Via @Newsmax_Media: Trump at CPAC: What Really Happened  
China, OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad!
Here I am with @trishstratuscom #WWEHOF 
@53andlex: @realDonaldTrump, please run for POTUS 2016. America desperately needs a TRUE leader with common sense! Thank you.
My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day!
@YouAreNotDeep: @realDonaldTrump Thanks, Professor Trump.  Dr John Trump, uncle, for many years at M.I.T. -good genes, I get it!
@SeanKAnderson Great!
@Pourquoipas20  Good idea, will create one.
u201cThe risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.u201d u2013 Maimonides
u201cBe flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.u201d u2013 Think Big
@gingram66 Wrong!
@workplayeat   Thanks, only the haters disagree!
@NoWindAlabama: Beautiful! Let's keep it that way. #turbinefree RT @Bamagirl_4_ever: Sunset on Sand Mountain. @aberdeenshire @AlexSalmond
At 96 stories above Michigan Avenue, if youu2019re not staying at the 5 star @TrumpChicago then youu2019re in its shadow 
@VanityFair  I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD
.@KarlRove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
@GuerrillaTycoon  Not even close - he is just, as you know, a very bad copy (who I profit from).
@Mikomuhfucka: @realDonaldTrump doesn't show enough compassion to ever really be considered a presidential candidate.  I have GREAT comp'--
@cwbmustang There certainly is plenty of evil.
Really enjoyed my interview with @marklevinshow. He is terrific!
Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!
@gleasondp  Good idea.
Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC:  American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work.
.@foxandfriends interview re: North Korea, firing @dennisrodman, job report, @MELANIATRUMPu2019s debut &amp; @WrestleMania 
Had dinner last night at Megu, 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food, beautiful restaurant.
@ANNIKA59    Annika - Thanks, you are the GREATEST - We all adore you!
@raider_level: @realDonaldTrump is one of my role models. Thanks!
@KarsynSharp
@JohnMKelly1: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations on a great show &amp; season! It is wonderful how much money was raised for Charities.
I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp;Greg live at 8.30 A.M.  I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC.
@PDGreenwood: @realDonaldTrump You are kicking ass, Donald! That Dany Zilker (some no namer) is a PUNK!  He's nothing, no guts!
@Davyshanks: Advertising Standards Authority has ruled @realDonaldTrump anti-windfarm ad misleading. Political ruling to save joker Salmond
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income.
@ugolf_ross Perhaps. Pray for great leadership!
Our country is being run by total amateurs. Letu2019s just call it u201camateur hour.u201d
@MarkGhuneim  Something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen.
@Lillyzart: @realDonaldTrump @ctobin22 Mr Donald Trump is one of the most intelligent business men alive.  Thank you!
@zionslion777: @realDonaldTrump It would be an honor to our nation if you would be our President! Thank you for your confidence!
@pfgabriel  Yes and thanks.
Chris @hardball_chris Matthews ratings are at new historic lows.  He is single-handedly destroying the entire @msnbc channel.
The @nytimes was very nice in reporting that @CelebApprentice was #1 on all television for u201ctop brand impact, 2012.u201d Thank you!
Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them?
. @BarbaraJWalters made a great decision in firing @JoyVBehar from @theviewtv. The show will be better without her!
@trooper0017. Thanks.
@abbasjaf: @realDonaldTrump well Vattenfall shoulda come to you for advice. They were too arrogant and too stupid-Aberdeen turbines=losers
@iNathanMcKnight: @realDonaldTrump Was his decision influenced by the No State Tax in Texas?  Didn't hurt!
@IoIcasey: @realDonaldTrump You're an inspiration for a young entrepreneur, Mr. Trump. Thanks!  Very nice, thank you!
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe.
@jgarrett214: @PrayaHater: @realDonaldTrump Go on his show and teach him how its done! No joke writers.  He is soft and easy.
Both of our New York hotels are on the Top Ten list of the most luxurious hotels in NYC...
Big response to my Tea Party statement-remember they were never fully energized by Romney campaign and will have far more power with time.
Erin Burnett, who has no ratings on CNN in prime time, now wants more money to move to the morning slot. @CNN should say no way.
@13crazyjwd: @realDonaldTrump still in awe of what u did for lil Jon !!! Best night of good TV in years!!! God bless
Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare.
.@MichelleMalkin would be nothing without being on the @seanhannity show.  I donu2019t see what Sean sees in heru2014loser!
@California_Bloo: @NewsCorpse @realDonaldTrump &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; This is the same douche that said windmills were worse for birds than oil. MUCH WORSE!
@efarns: u201c@SeaFishWorks: @realDonaldTrump So true. Who signed off over 1/2 billion web site. Biggest failure in I T historyu201d pretty amazing
.@THEGaryBusey is definitely different. #CelebApprentice
@EcatXerxes  Go for it!
@jaypeemoney Los Angeles or Scotland!
@AreL714: @realDonaldTrump Just went on a Donald J Trump necktie buying spree. Fantastic quality and design.  At Macy's and thanks!
@PhilipMyrer Wow!
@kdawnpatterson  While I never ran, I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future!
Visit @Fund_Anything at 
Druggie A-Rod, @MLBu2019s biggest fraud, is lucky George Steinbrenner is no longer with us.  @Yankees would have voided his contract.
Just left Florida, amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up, taxes down. Congrats to @FLGovScott
@chrisgd61 @ApprenticeNBC @OMAROSA @THEGaryBusey  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC
Anyway, Iu2019m all about jobs &amp; the economy &amp; making America great again. Weu2019re falling fast!
What a shame that @msnbcu2019s ratings have sunk even lower in 2013. Prime time down 50%. @TheRevAl's are (cont) 
Leightweight @Lord Sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. Every time this dope goes on Apprentice I make money-too easy
@FSUSteve: @realDonaldTrump Why do you think you're so polarizing?  Because I like to be-it often times brings out the truth!
The DC press corps is obsessed with my @CPACnews speech which is scheduled  tomorrow 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Can't blame them.
@FKTrey: Putting on the @realDonaldTrump tie is an essential to my morning routine   That's great!
@BaronToutenberg: @realDonaldTrump Donald, would you ever appear as a guest if asked on #REDEYE @RedEyeFNC with @greggutfeld ????  Yes.
No surprise, with the talk of amnesty in DC, illegal immigration is picking up in Arizona 
@ARMusicPlanner Happy Birthday Anthony,
@NathalieS_29  Thanks Nathalie.
@farm_mom. True.
@LKR_Fan24               nHey @realDonaldTrump visited Trump International Hotel in #Vegas yesterday. What a fantastic hotel. Thanks!
Wowu2014Family Feud said I am the third most envied man in America. I respectfully disagreeu2014I am very modest.
.@Deadspin will never make itu2014they donu2019t understand graciousness or moneyu2014and best guy is leaving?
@Debtampa: @realDonaldTrump you are Never wrong?  Never!
At least @TheTinaBeast is consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter.
The @Yankees should immediately stop paying A-Rodu2014he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.
@ChristalGraceG Thanks, I appreciate it.
Inspiration exists, but it must find you working. -- Pablo Picasso
1/5 households is on food stamps 
President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare.
@_itsTracy: @realDonaldTrump run for prime minster in the uk and first minister in scotland....we could use your help Cute!
@yfentrepreneur  thanks--work hard and good luck.
@generalsam1971  Wow--very nice, thanks.
@Adam4integrity  True. @gretawire is great at what she does.
@warrencasselljr: @realDonaldTrump I agree! She tried to ruin the good old Trump brand! You can not let her get away with it.  TRUE!
@WinPropP: @realDonaldTrump To save US and to show respect for veterans we need a real leader like you as President Thank you!
@DurangoRick Thank you!
@KevinM_Mielke  True!
@amelionaire69 Thanks Amelia!
As always &amp; due to popular demand,@TrumpRink will be open  Christmas eve &amp; day as well as New Year's eve &amp; day 
@EveningExpress   Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland!
Karl Roveu2019s strategy and commercials were the worst I have ever seen.
I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!
@DanShrigley Thank you.
Starting next week, and by popular demand (plus good ratings) NBC will broadcast only two hour episodes of Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.
@ONTHEVIRG66: @realDonaldTrump your the greatest inspiration. Keep up the great work and thank you for all you do.   Thank you Virgil!
Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
@theimpregnable: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump what keeps you going ?.  Love of my family, Country and work!
@johnnyboob2: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of the recent job numbers suggesting the economy is back on track?  False hope.
@J_Lowry_: Idc what anyone says @realDonaldTrump is the man  Very nice!
@joelbernstein: @realDonaldTrump @Tyler_TuscChevy Not only does America need an adult in DC we need DJT in 2016  Thank you.
Via @BleacherReport: u201cDonald Trump to Be Inducted into WWE Hall of Fameu201d 
My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers @Macy's, beyond my wildest thoughts! Thanks @GoAngelo and the rest of the losers for mentions!
.@billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno showu2014Iu2019ve never seen him like that!
Is @billmaher the dumbest man on television?u2014I think so.
America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt!
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americansu2019 healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Wow, I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time!
@LanceBrookins: @realDonaldTrump - oh wow that course is beautiful  Thanks.
Unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill 
@akendall13 Too early!
@piersmorgan: Bob Costas is one of the smartest people I've interviewed. #CNN  But you told me I was the smartest (by far)!
@Sensa328: @realDonaldTrump @realJamesScott I can't believe that in 1 week I heavily agree with you again....yikes! Isn't it amazing?
@starsign911: @realDonaldTrump you tell em Donny!! What pussies!!
Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders.
China loved Obamau2019s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
Best of luck to my good friend Derek Jeter on his first game today back at shortstop. @Yankees Captain is a warrior &amp; winner.
The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
@kbaileyjava2: @realDonaldTrump Celebrity Apprentice please! ASAP
@lloyd156_: @realDonaldTrump doesnt give a fuck, he just tells it like it is lol LEGEND  A very honest person, thanks!
We must leave stop and frisk for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner!
@ColeneChia116  Thanks Colene--very nice! Keep up the good work.
Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done, and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV, CRAZY!
@SocSteve: @realDonaldTrump was the man on Letterman!
@MissUniversNEWS: Miss Universe 2012 @oliviaculpo with the boss @realDonaldTrump during #MissUniverse2013 #ThrowBack 
@DBradleyRI: @realDonaldTrump upcoming Miss Universe location - Singapore -- I'm calling it now  That could happen!
President Obama's Arab Spring is not looking so good right now!
Dateline NBC, featuring yours truly, just set a season high in households in the ratingsu2014no wonder NBC likes me so much! @nbc
...Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us!
It was great having @ArsenioHall back on this week's @ApprenticeNBC! 
@stingluver                    n@realDonaldTrump my 19 year old son, Logan, is hoping you run in 2016. Me too! Thank you Logan and Erin.
#2.  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
@jaymztyler: @realDonaldTrump You are awesome, and hopefully enough people realize it when it's time to vote. #Trump2016  Thank you!
@bfree007 Definitely worth it.
@metaltyger98: u201c@realDonaldTrump: Happy 8th Anniversary to @MELANIATRUMP. 
I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag.
Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M.  Hope you loved Apprentice last night.
@SeanMichaelMc: @realDonaldTrump in Chicago for the first time, your building is amazing from the outside (cool color) to the inside.
@sonnset2  So true, not even close.
u201cPositive thinking is not merely wishful thinking...
@Chaz_is_so_bomb: I hope @realDonaldTrump is our next president Thanks.
Via@politicalwire: Trump Offers to Fund White House Tours  
@FameWhoreBuster @billmaher  Thanks.
@DannyZuker Bigger means bigger dummy, you really are stupid, aren't you!
@Dale26: Mr @realDonaldTrump how come the US doesn't listen 2u whenever u give them advice on how deal with all the problems? They are dumb
@Higgie0: @realDonaldTrump @Late_Show... watched you Letterman.. Good Job! Your Hired! Thanks!
A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack.  Never forget!
@val_wonders: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag does anyone read @NYMag anymore. I'm sure it'll be sold for a dollar just like Newsweek.
@RLSteetle: @realDonaldTrump I'm addicted to your books. Are you writing another any time soon?  At some point, there is so much to write!
@S_Gosper: @realDonaldTrump _ He's a foreign pilot. We couldn't drug test him even if we wanted to!  You must be kidding!
A friend of mine went to @CakeBossBuddy and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of @TrumpTowerNY. 
@tkeller316  Thanks!
@mdhmdhmdh: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you retire and spend your money?  Too boring!
@The_News_DIVA: @realDonaldTrump You get a fist bump from me for giving that bus driver $10K. Thank you.  He deserves it, thanks.
@MaxVayner Stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. He's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!
Do executives at @msnbc know that the business of TV centers on viewers &amp; ratings? @msnbc is #19 on cable 
.@NeneLeakes seeks my advice on prenups, tonight at 9 PM on Bravo
@Brunhooooo  Wrong!
@SeanBogatin: Donald 4 president.. Time 4 a real change!! #Gotmyvote @realDonaldTrump  THANK YOU!
Trump Puerto Rico is 1st development in Puerto Rico to combine lavish residences, world class golf &amp; a beach 
Would seem that plane landed short of runway in San Francisco!
THEBillMcGee            n@realDonaldTrump-after a year of wear your shirts still look great! Glad I made the purchase! Thank you.
When @crowleyCNN defended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate, she was defending a complete lie 
Had a great time on @IngrahamAngle this morning.
@CatsPolitics: Some of us never stopped ignoring him. RT @Slate:  ONLY THE REALLY SMART ONE'S NEVER STOPPED.!
.@foxandfriends int. on gov. collecting data, whistle blower hiding in China &amp; no bikinis in Miss World pageant 
@cloverc8  Thanks.
I hope everybody goes to Macy's today to get Donald J.  Trump shirts, ties, suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price
@YouCanCallMeR @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks.
What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all!
u201cRepresenting your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you canu2019t sell it, who will?u201d u2013 Midas Touch
I missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarner @TWC. Why arenu2019t they giving subscribers major discounts?
I will be on @piersmorganlive tonight at 9PM. 
That said, the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess, not us.We should start rebuilding our own country &amp; military.
@firefergee  Perhaps so!
Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!
Dummy @mcuban made up a story about a visit to Mar-a-Lago last night on Leno. It never happenedu2014I donu2019t talk that way.
@Ilovethejays: @realDonaldTrump I'm finally all caught up w #celebapprentice #loveitloveit  Great!
Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@samvuko: Mac Miller has one good song &amp; its Donald Trump &amp; its really just the beat that's cool.  AND THE NAME!
Enough about my ties etc. @Macys, but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (and @Macys loves Trump)!
@MathemagicianUK. Thanks.
@brad_mcmichael @DoralResort @nbc @GolfChannel @CadillacChamp  Thanks Brad.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau
I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch!
Sen. @DavidVitter  &amp; @David_Bossie w/@seanhannity 
The crowning moment u2013 Conneticutu2019s Erin Brady winning @MissUSA 2013 
Angela Merkel is doing a fantastic job as the Chancellor of Germany. Youth unemployment is at a record low &amp; she has a budget surplus.
China keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense.  Why do our leaders continually let China run all over us?
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information. - Think Big
@dooobieashtray: @realDonaldTrump acts childish fighting with @DannyZuker via internet Wrong, he started it and I finished it-he's nothing
@Greek1958 Thank you John.
Talking with @SammartinoBruno backstage- 
@Mattia_Crovini: @realDonaldTrump what do you think about italy?  I don't think about Italy!
@aa_newey  Thanks.
u201cDonald Trump Takes on Apple @CPACnewsu201d 
@Joe1sPro: @realDonaldTrump the president of Syria is killing people inhumanly  But the so called rebels may be just as bad (or worse)!
@asaadhutchinson: @realDonaldTrump #Scotland is so lovely, I understand your love for it.
I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!
Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on?
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned @Redskins to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
@thegypsysons: @realDonaldTrump AWESOME DONALD, YOU RULE!  Thanks, I loved being in Michigan!
@legsidelizzy: I do wish people would stop RT-ing Piers Morgan. A life without Piers in it is a much better life  Wrong!
@MdAhGOD  Work hard (and smart!)
@Timi_fel: @realDonaldTrump You always have something negative to say about Obama ,dont you?  Yes!
What would you choose- Vampires or Cavemen? #CelebApprentice
Our enemy China is illegally buying oil from our enemy Iran 
Between a terrible press conference, mishandled prisoner swap &amp; Taliban attacks, Hagel's 1st trip as SOD was a disaster. No surprise.
@cooey2ruley: @realDonaldTrump since you are in Russia go kick Snowden in the ass.
@InTheHere  True!
@jaymztyler I would stop paying him immediately.
@TXPride80: @realDonaldTrump What would be better than you buying an NBA team and beating Cuban's team on a regular basis?  Who cares?
@JenDeJournett: @realDonaldTrump true. Always watch the construction close...esp the change orders &amp; field slips. So true,  I'm impressed!
@scheekster  I agree, it's a beautiful course to play. Thanks.
The pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Pres. Lincoln
I am on David Letterman tonight.
@DanAmira @NYMag A terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. You should be ashamed.
.@AScottPGA  Really solid playing--keep going!
Isnu2019t it sad that Weineru2019s first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation &amp; apology!
@erikcantu Even better, government kills by drones but we can't even own guns.  Thanks Erik.
@sarah_e_smith9  Thanks.
Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns!
u201cTo keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.u201d u2013 Think Big
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
@TheNewMrsTim: My dad &amp; I are huge #Trump2016 supporters we were disappointed when 2012 didn't happen! @realDonaldTrump  Thanks!
u201cHistory does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.u201d - Dwight D. Eisenhower
@HelpUServe: @realDonaldTrump donald we are always supporting other countries  often times because we're stupid - we make bad deals!
I love the Lakers and when you love the Lakers, you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly. - Dr. Jerry Buss
@jimmymcgreevy: @realDonaldTrump @Macys ties r awesome!  Thanks!
@juanmatava: @realDonaldTrump gives me a lot of strength.
@dan_kir96  Dan, because I love beating lowlifes!
The best deals are good for everyone, which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power.
To entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees, so make it an example that will best serve your success.
@HowardSternJohn @DonaldJTrumpJr  No!
Now China is helping Iran smuggle nuclear parts 
@lovitt_marisa Good to hear, enjoy!
@MysticWolf12001: @realDonaldTrump C'mon, you KNOW you're the only one capable of beating Clinton
@STAR13R: @realDonaldTrump What a show last night! I couldn't believe the outcome! C.A. has been my fave show for a long time! Great!
@BettyBlopper1: The standing O that LilJon received when @realDonaldTrump gave his charity $100k was so moving. Love celebrity apprentice!
@aaapgs  Thank you, nice work.
Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year, they scoffed
@YashKandhari        n@realDonaldTrump I'll say it again, your tweets are very motivational &amp; inspiring. Thank you so much Thank you.
Congratulations to @MariaBartiromo on her big move to @FoxBusiness. She is a total winner!
Trump Doralu2019s renovations are right on schedule 
Celebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURING @MELANIA TRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING!
@SvenIsaksson Thanks Sven and good luck.
@tubby511   They are dummies!
As China is built on corporate espionage, currency manipulation &amp; cheap labor, its economy is a ticking time bomb 
Re Florida Power &amp; Lightu2014Most important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics &amp; not ruin the beauty of Florida.
@CleoVienRayTaba Could happen.
@bwiss24: @realDonaldTrump is the post office building in DC the way the US is going to pay your salary when you become the President in 16
How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE ART OF THE DEAL!
@steveamani: @realDonaldTrump Please help save our country and run for President!! #USA
@ET614: @realDonaldTrump give me an update on Anthony Weiner ??  He's finished!
If you don't do your part, don't blame God. - Billy Sunday
Wow, sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof, far worse than anybody could have predicted!
A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett:  u201cDonald, congratulations again, we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. I am tweeting about it.u201d
u201cIf winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?u201d - Vince Lombardi
@CathyConstanti1 @billmaher  Thanks!
.@Omarosau2019s meltdownu2014was it for real? @DennisRodman thinks she could be an Oscar winner for that performanceu2026 #CelebApprentice
@andypoo19   Thank you.
With an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio, Trump National Philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel 
@jayknowles1978 Just the beginning!
@bahia6085 Thanks Suz for your comments.
@hotair25159: @realDonaldTrump lol.. Justice for Travis   It shows that the legal system is still intact-good news!
@denoforensics 100% true.
@oparinde Macy's will be happy--and so am I.
.... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key demos.n@DannyZuker
I hope @billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.
@JohnMark88  Thanks.
Our country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington.
Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare?
@LungQuest: @fundanything @realDonaldTrump A donor was found! James goes into the OR tonight for his second double lung transplant! #hope
@cronin_michelle Thanks!
Via @WSJ: u201cThe ObamaCare Awakening: Americans are losing their coverage by political design.u201d 
I own @DannyZuker, but he has his friends &amp; haters &amp; losers tweeting that he beat me. He canu2019t beat me at anything!
@nikkio  True!
@walterdisneyusa: @realDonaldTrump you would make such a good president Thank you!
Many great business campaigns at @fundanything 
@BaronToutenberg               n@realDonaldTrump What advice would you give @anthonyweiner 's wife Huma? Take off!
@TonyChalk1: @realDonaldTrump is a role model for how to be successful. I've been a fan since Art of the Dealcame out in paperback.
@zander_humes: Wish Donald Trump didn't stop running for president.  So do I!
The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal.  Must be all that global warming.
@513pango: @realDonaldTrump please tell me you are going to run for president in 2016?? Thanks for the nice thoughts, Mike!
@vinnypac: @realDonaldTrump gr8 spot on@foxandfriends. Insightful, honest, Intelligent xommon sense. U woulf make a phenomenal gov of NY
@CherylGravino: @realDonaldTrump I wish you had run for president! You are a very smart man! Thanks Cheryl!
@palemamba713: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice is AMAZING. Love it
@lovemyklr: @ShawnaTova @realDonaldTrump she did good. Trump could if he can talk in a way that everyone can understand. Just like Reagan.
As everybody knows, but the haters &amp; losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a u201cwig.u201d My hair may not be perfect but itu2019s mine.
Via @Newsmax_Media: u201cTrump to Speak at CPACu201d 
Good investors are good students. It's as simple as that. - Think Like a Billionaire
Via @CNNMoney by @jtotoole: u201cU.S. taps Donald Trump to convert DC's Old Post Office into luxury hotelu201d 
...Overall, the Academy Awards were very average at best.
@FidanizzBig   You need both, thanks.
I hope @billmaher comes through with his $5 million offer, which I fully accepted, or I will be forced to sue him. All goes to charity!
Letu2019s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense!  Rebuild the USA.
@SiegristA  Thanks!
@FollowHeidi: @realDonaldTrump every major city in the world has one of your buildings, correct? The more I travel, the more I see...
@mguarino64: @realDonaldTrump  How would you treat the Syria situation if president ? I'd let them all fight with each other-focus on US!
@maffucci93: @realDonaldTrump up nice and early cuz money never sleeps!!!!  That's great - go get 'em!
.@MarkHalperinu2019s and John Heilemannu2019s  book, Double Down, is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book, congrats! @jheil
All eyes are on @TigerWoods @The_Masters.  Heu2019s in good position!
@marklevinshow: Oh, how painful this must be for liberals and RINOs! 
@lvseven: @realDonaldTrump we share a birthday June 14 how about a RT for a huge fan and admirer
@YouWantTheDJoe: Not gonna lie @realDonaldTrump is my idol  Great!
@DeanoCT: @realDonaldTrump you sir have the greatest twitter of all time Thank you!
u201cAdvertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money.u201d  - Jef I. Richards
@thompson_dustin The Art of the Deal.
@mldemmons.  Go Angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r.  - loser!
Time flies itu2019s @TrumpTowerNYu2019s 30th anniversary. To celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history- 
Good move by @MSNBC in downgrading @WeGotEd to a dead weekend spot. This is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv.
Lots of commentsu2014Do you really believe these two brothers operated alone without influence of others?
Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years.  ObamaCare will slow us down even more.  Has to be repealed.
@11SHEILA11: @realDonaldTrump Why dont you just get in there and run for President? you got all our votes  Thanks!
@rtwing1020  Thanks--it will be great.
@BrentLudington  Never Give Up--How I turned my biggest challenges into success.
@TheRayGallimore: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice most powerful show on the network! No other television series comes close to it!
.@ErinBurnettu2019s @OutFrontCNN ratings are so pathetic, she even loses to @hardball_chris at 7PM which is replay of 5PM 
@bvmike: @realDonaldTrump something big and different tonight? Are you going to fire Penn and Trace, crown yourself The Apprentice?
@ronettekite: @realDonaldTrump, @IvankaTrump DOES look great! Shes stunning, intelligent; a true role model for many women. True-fhank you!
@Maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump if Mr. Trump runs for president, America will get back to beating china! Go trump!!
@SharleneH  Thank you.
Fellow inductee @SammartinoBruno and me. #WWEHOF 
@KamsUnited: @realDonaldTrump 4 more years of hell until a new president comes into office. I wish it was you.
House Republicans should be doing everything possible to defund ObamaCare.  Instead Leadership is funding it 
u201cIf you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel worn paths of accepted success.u201d - John D. Rockefeller
@anthonydefrenza: @realDonaldTrump Apple is hard of hearing.  So true!
Emin from Russia--a very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines. @eminofficial #missuniverse n
Just sit back and watch, ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess!
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!
@LinRo_2: Looking forward to the Apprentice tonight..@realDonaldTrump ..show is still going strong !!!! Enjoy it Linda!
So, lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve!
OmikronDreamer           n@realDonaldTrump do you wear your own ties?  Yes.
@Dzeroseven   Wrong!
@TweesTweets: @realDonaldTrump Do people ever call you Donny?  YES.
@tubby511 Thank you!
Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show...
@TomPuiseux  Yes!
Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend.
@Irene1969 Have a great day.
My @todayshow show interview with @IvankaTrump discussing the fierce competition in All-Star @CelebApprentice 
@CunninghamNY: . @realDonaldTrump clearly needs to run for president! Don't think anyone else can get us on the right track but him!
@bearmntn  But I like picking on losers!
@cloverc8 Thanks!
@PolitiFactu2019s #LieOfTheYear is Obamau2019s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. Wrong. Itu2019s the lie of the decade.
@ZachKrantz: @realDonaldTrump Cant wait for tourney next March, always good to have you on with @JoeRoseShow before big tournament
@mikepassmore: Big mistake! Wrong decision by @Lord_Sugar in #theapprentice - you need to take advice from @realDonaldTrump.
@cherish_how: @realDonaldTrump I'm gonna defend my thesis tomorrow. Any advice for people who have stage fright like me? Be cool!
@bradleymenglin Good luck!
@mtshastacola   Happy birthday!
At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal!
Can it just be new age that Manti Teu2019o fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?
u201cLuck does not come around often. So when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard. Think Big
@ChrisAgada: @realDonaldTrump on @PiersMorganLive tomorrow?! I wouldn't miss that for the world!  TONIGHT.
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.  Harry S. Truman
@Tsheppe: @realDonaldTrump I have on the sharpest blue Trump tie on today. Going to win!   Go get 'em!
@steveturk182: @realDonaldTrump what is your favorite book that you have authored?  Art of the Deal!
@healthy47: @realDonaldTrump @shelleysherwin Trump Soho is the best hotel.  Thanks.
@PRW_StaysFresh That's good news!
@wallsburg: @realDonaldTrump Grow a pair Donald. Admit you were wrong to support Obama in 08.  Moron, I never supported Obama in 08.
There have been 17 shutdowns since 1976, 14 under Reagan and Bush with Democrat Congresses who wanted more spending.
u201cThe road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.u201d u2013 John Madden
@SeanHooligan6 @AlexSalmond This is from someone who knows they are a disaster.
u201cMost entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work, but from the assets they build.u201d u2013  Midas Touch
u201cBecoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally, your business will grow.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@TerryTm112444 Thanks Terry.
@gfgpj @ThomRipley  Thanks!
This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night).
@meliabila Great--and good luck!
TVu2019s darling @TheRealMarilu is back in this yearu2019s u201cAll-Staru201d @CelebApprentice.  Marilu is a fierce competitor.
@Preppermeister @EastsideRJ  Thanks.
@rpm11561: @IvankaTrump your dad's interview, last night with David Letterman, was the best, realest, most genuine sitdown, ever ! Thanks!
Scotland does not have free press, even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy!
@nstegm  Real estate!
@cory_wise                     n@realDonaldTrump thank you for stepping up to help our fallen service heroes! Thank you.
@MArloAmoriello1: @realDonaldTrump Donald we can't allow this country to become soft like Obama, and penn state! Please run in 2016 #leader
Trump: Something u2018mentally wrongu2019 with Weiner 
@mfantauzzo1  Thanks Matt.
@ComplexGenius  Thanks.
@toddclark  True and thanks.
If Mitch McConnell wants to win his election, heu2019d better get rid of jinxed Karl Rove and fast...
@FredrikEklundNY               nThank you @realDonaldTrump for the assignment!!!!! u2764  Great job, Fredrik!
@petey0715: Love him or hate him, you have to admire his genius and candor @realDonaldTrump. #keepingitreal.  Thank you.
@Shopgirlusa. Good idea.
@ThisWeekABC  Should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! Enjoy
@Roddy_Brown Thanks!
@michelle88fan  I love what @GovernorCorbett is doing.
@simonlise: @realDonaldTrump @maggie101956 if he had gone, you would have criticized him for leaving the Boston issue unresloved Wrong!
u201cTrue courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow!u201d - General Norman Schwarzkopf
@thejbrain Thanks!
@ptr2mm  Thanks.
@paulmilton28: @realDonaldTrump @Macys love the Ties!! Great selection of colours.  They are a big hit, thanks.
The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the u201ccase is weak and more.  Meets with Obama &amp; then files one day later.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Via @pressjournal by Ann-Marie Parry: Plans revealed for course named after Trumpu2019s mother 
.@BreitbartNews continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty 
@NextLevelStoner   Great!
@NathalieS_29 Once again, thanks Nathalie.
@JamesMock4: I see principled, disciplined, decisive, tough leadership. I see strength. I see #Trump16. Please Mr Trump. USA needs you
@hellcat1963  Sadly true--but it can change.
@kumite67   Thanks Brian!
u201cThere are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.u201d -  Bobby Orr
@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait to see the finished product. Another Trump masterpiece ..... As usual !!! Thanks Dan re. Doral!
@MatthewHawilo: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @MELANIATRUMP I will NEVER subscribe. Just for you &amp; your beautiful family, Donald. It's boring
@Sam_Rellim So true--thanks.
@danrpriest: @realDonaldTrump Just out of curiosity, what makes you care so much about what they think?  I study cowards and stupid people
u201cSuccess breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
u201cACU ANNOUNCES DONALD TRUMP TO ADDRESS CPAC 2013u201d 
@ClaudiaMota: Good Morning, @realDonaldTrump . I admire your leadership &amp; look forward to hearing you speak next week. Thank you!
@Mike12Currin: @realDonaldTrump how much money did Fred leave u to start ur empire? A small fraction of what I've created and built!
@JIMHENDLEY81: @realDonaldTrump Hey Donald I always find it funny that so many of your haters follow you on twitter. Can't live without me!
Via @GolfweekMag: Major makeover: Trump has big vision for Doral 
@beverlism  Good place!
Very tacky set!
Just like its website, ObamaCare is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!
@jesssizzle28: @realDonaldTrump for president  Thank you!
Money may not grow from trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains. - Think Like a Billionaire
We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard &amp; quick. Rebuild the US first.
@DialaD7: @realDonaldTrump you are my role model i want to be like you in my own original way. #inspiration  Thanks!
China is not our friend. They are not our ally. They want to overtake us, and if we donu2019t get smart and tough soon, they will.
@jasonsweis: @realDonaldTrump agreed, we need our troops on the streets of Chicago, not in Syria
My complaint against @AGSchneiderman is a u201ccase studyu201d for JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions on everything that is wrong with NYS politics.
@danielrsimoes: @realDonaldTrump Here in Brazil, we set up a group to see the final of the Apprentice live. Hug and more Success for you
@chrisinspfld @KatieShow @katiecouric Thanks Chris!
Newly minted diplomat @dennisrodman is a completely different competitor in All-Star @CelebApprentice. Dennis is a legend!
@green_i4u  Thank you!
@ManagersDiary   Thank you-always a good thought.
@SwingTrader2012: @realDonaldTrump I think Trump Chicago is the single most beautiful building in the world.  Thank you.
Apparently @MartinBashir said something about me on his show yesterday.  I was surprised to find out he is on TV.  Who knew?!
@lakotadlustig  Good luck!
The Patch, a total loser for @AOL, will be a good deal compared to @HuffingtonPost. @ariannahuff laughs at u201cstupidu201d Armstrong!
In January '12, 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather ... 
u201cTrump: Rove Gave Us Obamau201d 
As an addition, Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market!
All I can say is that if I were President, Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology!
.@THEGaryBusey doesnu2019t need instructions. Couch time is more fun. #CelebApprentice
@DelonMackenze  Thanks.
@jeff_m_hamilton It's about time!
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel! 
Now Sebelius is u201c'urging' insurers to cover people who haven't paidu201d 
China has announced it is u201cfully preparedu201d for a currency war 
@JustinRose99: Time to enjoy an amazing day!   You were fantastic in winning the U.S. Open. Your father is looking down and proud of you!
Sorry banks, when we accused lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banksu2014but years too late!
Be sure to check out the new projects @fundanything 
@Adetonaoris Great, good luck.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediatelyu2014because he is being looked at!
Congrats @NBCInvestigates on revealing that Obama knew millions of Americans would lose their healthcare plans 
@jakecbaum: @TrumpChicago @realDonaldTrump I will definitely be there again soon! Save me a nice table with a lovely east view! :D
@teh_jaybee: @realDonaldTrump are you going to return the favor to @VinceMcMahon and be the one who inducts him in to the @WWE #HOF? YES!
@flwgolfs: @realDonaldTrump : I have heard Obama say , We can afford Obama care, America is a rich nation, we can afford it. No, not close
@glenda_goff Happy birthday Glenda!
@CoCo471031 You really sound like a loser no-name!
Also, great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing.
@ACmeansBusiness Thanks.
I hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties, shirts &amp; cufflinks @Macysu2014great for Christmas &amp; holidays.
In making big money, knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient, including money itself!
@mballance: The best birthday present would be a RT from the @realDonaldTrump 2016
@Thaddalicious: @realDonaldTrump I love you   Thanks!
Had dinner this week at @MEGUNYC (at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nationsu2014fantastic food! 212.964.7777
@dirkbockel  Thanks and good luck.
@BenKilzer: But really tho if @realDonaldTrump was president omg I want that so bad
u201cAppreciate your property, and your property will appreciate for you.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@WorldReachTech: @greta Gotta respect Donald, Greta. If ever anyone nailed Obama for who and what he really is and has done it's Donald.
u201cGreat effort springs naturally from great attitude.u201d - Pat Riley
@jkells2005 Know everything you can (update daily) &amp; cover your bases.
@GuyEndoreKaiser: @realDonaldTrump You are a true American, not like some of these others. Love your Macy's ties!!! Love your books!thanks
Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...
@TGSituation  Thanks Tyler.
I'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second North Sea course - amazing!
@anthonyolgin: .@realDonaldTrump do u ever get sad?  Yes, when I look at what's happening to our Country!.
.@Yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping @AROD to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.
@WaltsPrincesss: @realDonaldTrump @RyanRMiner @Rosie She agrees with you on Anthony Wiener a/k/a Carlos Danger...We then agree on something
@JLPDOG: @realDonaldTrump We need your knowledge and sensibility to restore this country to it's former glory and respect.
@cschlechta: @realDonaldTrump quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC? 
@mamaberg63  True!
@TamiMiddleton LOVE YOUR TOP 3 NEGOTIATING TIPS! 1. TRUST YOUR GUT. 2. PATIENCE IS A VIRTURE. 3. VIEW CONFLICT AS AN OPPORTUNITY! AWESOME!
Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-&amp; wet.
Iu2019ll soon be leaving for Washington where @AmSpec will give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting!
@Jon_dennis82 @Redskins  True.
@jamezypell   Yes!
@TheBig_Easy Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. See you at Trump National, Jupiter.
I will be in Palm Beach, Jupiter, and Miami today checking on big construction projects. I love Florida and love on time and on budget const
@espnradio My great honor!
Spitzer failed as A.G., failed as Governor in disgrace, and was fired on all T.V. shows (boring and zero ratings), and he's at it again!
The so called 87 year old lady was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer.
u201cRemember the golden rule of negotiating: u2018He who has the gold makes the rules.u2019u201d u2013 Midas Touch
Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9.
@JMonaski1 Sad!
Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate?
@philegl That's good news! Congrats.
Belated congratulations to @serenawilliams on winning the French Open. A great player &amp; person!
@CassHorowitz: @realDonaldTrump Im from England, and you're way better then that Alan Sugar...whoever he is
Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!
@maggieaveu_a  Thanks and say hi to your son!
@VDIT13: @realdonaldtrump You are a great American!! Thanks from a Vietnam vet!
@TrainSpartanFit   Your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
The evidence continues to mount against lightweight @AGSchneiderman.  It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act.
@henriwts @BaetensGert  Yes.
@Beliefheals  Interesting and thanks!
ICYMI-- @MELANIATRUMP               nReading newspapers and see...  #BillyGraham95 #happybirthday  @BillyGraham 
Via @InverurieHerald: Trumpu2019s new course plans on display 
Whatu2019s funny about the name u201cF**kface Von Clownsticku201d -- it was not coined by Jon Leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter.
@LebaneseMafia24: @realDonaldTrump there will come a day when everyone will say we should have listened to Donald Trump. So true!
@bonz21                      n@realDonaldTrump because you tell it like it is and the liberal media can't stand it! Keep blasting away!Thx
@995mu Wow--that would certainly be interesting.
u201cWinning is the most important thing in my life, after breathing. Breathing first, winning next.u201d - n    nGeorge Steinbrenner
Let @PeteRose in the HOF - it's time!
@TheRaja22 @sternshow Thanks.
@sirenasola: @realDonaldTrump The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words You're fired!?  He will be using them often &amp; soon!
@infiniteyounow @CelebApprentice  True!
@Richharry10: @realDonaldTrump I cherish your boldness and confidence.....Indeed you are a blessing to your generation......love you sir X
Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO.
u201cIf youu2019re still in school, pay attention.  Education is a money machine.u201d  u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@presidentstevie   Not when you are running for Mayor!
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!
@EllaMaeBe: @realDonaldTrump @11sheila11 but then there would be no celebrity apprentice... I would die without it!!  And so would others!
Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?
@largemarv74 @Yankees  Not even close but that doesn't matter!
@KodyCoats: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, what do you believe could truly save this country?  Great leadership!
@moonorion: You very honorably tried to help #freepastorsaeed when Obama abandoned another Christian. Stand up against #AETV w us now!
Remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal.
@Queenjess32: @realDonaldTrump you're awesome.  I like you toooo-thanks!
@NinjaDomoEsq: @realDonaldTrump should have at least been nominated for an Oscar in Home Alone 2.  I agree!
u2026al-Megrahi  was the man who blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland.
u201cStudy: Insurance costs to soar under Obamacareu201d 
@anthonyskwiat: @QueyNewton @realdonaldtrump ya because mark Cuban is an arrogant punk compared to Donald who's a living legend Thanks!
$4 gasoline u2013 wowu2014OPEC is very happy!
General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future.
@reklaw78: @realDonaldTrump I read on Wikipedia that you and Bryant Gumbel were roommates in college. No, I went to a much better school!
@TiffanyATrump: Happy Father's Day dad! Love you! @realDonaldTrump 
@prisih91               nIn love with The best book that i ever read ! @realDonaldTrump why we want you to be rich and Robert kiyosaki
@elisa_oggero: @realDonaldTrump late show Was great!! We all enjoy it! Thanks!
Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not builtu2014I will tie them up in courts for years, if necessary.
@blazey53 Great, good luck.
@xo_deannayoung Good subject, good luck!
Congratulations to @serenawilliams on her superb @usopen win.  She is terrific!
@DeborahNorville: It is sooo hot in New York today. Just walked past Trump Tower where the door was open. Tnx @realDonaldTrump Thank you D
@Greener17wing: @realDonaldTrump ya hit it out of the park. #preztrump from a Canadian #yourhired  Thanks!
Wow, I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me).
@donna_1004 Perhaps so!
Come on goAngelo, don't give up now just because your rally at Macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! I love@ Macy's.
Benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists 
The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities, Vattenfall, just laid off 2,500 people &amp; has serious financial difficulties.
@jantwo62: @realDonaldTrump Love Trump ties! Very couture but affordable to dress your hubby.
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile  achievement. - Henry Ford
@ReederJosh   You are right, he is a total joke - his players laugh at him!
@CRCalderwood1: @realDonaldTrump What are your thoughts on Sergio?  A great guy!
@tomxconn: @realDonaldTrump took wife Jenn to your 16 in Chicago, had great time! Impeccable service! Thanks!
@nickwvaughn: All I'm asking is for @realDonaldTrump to tweet me.
@3girlsandDTrain   Just amazing!
@ashley_rad1432: @realDonaldTrump #2016 #changeisnear ????  Could happen!
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump on being named @FoxNewsSunday Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office.
u201cWhat the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.u201d -  Norman Vincent Peale
@pathselo  Good luck!
@wykkdlilchit: @realDonaldTrump @piersmorgan We need more than 10 min with Donald. Was inspired. Get gov't in assembly and make them watch.
Who do you think is going home? #CelebApprentice
Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris.
@trumthomp  Thanks.
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.
@Ravens4life27: I wonder if I can get a birthday tweet from @realDonaldTrump for my birthday... that would be awesome!
@MakingTrevenue  Thanks.
@Asklepios333 True and not good!
@tcorbitt20: @realDonaldTrump don't forget George W Bush, too. It's all his fault No Republican hit Bush as hard as I did!
Yes, I will give my @SuperBowl pick tomorrow.  Watch @_KatherineWebb cover it on @InsideEdition.
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?u2014Zero respect!
@GenaLeeNolin  Thank you GLN!
@Shrubshrub: I've said it before. I'll say it again. The turn down service at the @TrumpToronto is the best in the world. Thank you!
@DeViouSDoLL82 It's Endometriosis Awareness Month-176 million women suffer from this disease.
@balloon_69 @AFCHaywards  Good luck!
What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal!
@emmyb96 @TheEllenShow
Did the Boston terrorists register their guns? No. Another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer!
@ChesterStarr @hardball_chris Chester--unreal.
@JUSTGRIND: @realDonaldTrump How do you feel that the central park 5 were innocent  Innocent of what-how many people did they mugg?
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of us,then sued for $40 million.Dopey guy!
@MrMarin88: Why does @realDonaldTrump always insist on calling ppl names and trying to taunt like a kid in a schoolyard? Only stupid people
Donald Trump, Ed Koch, and the Ice Skating Rink: A Tale of Bureaucracy 
@MannaaEyad I only speak the truth.
It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING
The Donald Goes to CPAC: TV star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of America 
@zniosdig @MELANIATRUMP  Very kind, thanks.
This is how it starts. Obama is now threatening to use an Executive Order for gun control 
@dbpresswire @Late_Show I hope so!
Spent the weekend in LA checking out Trump National Golf Club on the Pacific Ocean. An amazing place!  
@tamilasami  The key word is yet. Keep at it, never give up.
@RDPomin  Everybody says that! Thanks.
@ariannahuff, I would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! And please don't call Tim Armstrong stupid and weak?
u201cThe worst thing you can possibly do in a  deal is seem desperate to make it.u201d - The Art of the Deal
President Obama played golf yesterday???
.@TraceAdkins says @Joan_Rivers is a gem. I agree. We all agree. #CelebApprentice
Via @todayshow: Trump: Attorney general behind lawsuit a 'total lightweight'  
@THE_OBM: @realDonaldTrump I am a local Aberdonian. The coast is beautiful - it will be totally ruined with these vile, ugly turbines.
@MISSUNIVERSE43                     n@realDonaldTrump Great book.  'The Art of the Deal'   Thanks.
@RichardFlorenc1: @realDonaldTrump can you put out a shout for aberdeen football club today as big game Good luck, WIN!
@niecey911logan  Thanks!
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly, now he denies he said that!
@ISHIMWEPatrick @BuzzFeedPSA  Thanks Patrick--a great compliment.
@RonnieDunn1164: @realDonaldTrump @Hunterboss1996 a few billion more dollars, but I'd rather say  President Trump than President Gates!
@realLucasDuffy True--thanks!
A-Rodu2019s salary is more than the entire @astros. Half the players on @astros will have better seasons than him. A-Rod is a joke!
@pinguspusher Thank you.
@ilerios97: @realDonaldTrump SIXTEEN is amazing!!!! The best dinner I've ever had in my life!!!  Thanks,best in Chicago!
Imagination is more important than knowledge. --Albert Einstein
@RenelianNation: @realDonaldTrump best moment of night when u gave 100 grand to Lil' John's charity.
Via @TheBrodyFile: Iowa Evangelical Leader Says Donald Trump Is Bold And Transparent 
@georgeokc  Thanks--let's see what happens.
@fastfranky5: @realDonaldTrump if u don't run for President, who would be ur best next choice ??? #CONCERNED  Lets see how it plays out.
My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people, including Bruno.
@nydave77  Keep at it!
Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays.
@LukewSavage  And dumb people like @DannyZucker.
My @foxandfriends int. on Benghazi cover up, the ObamaCare mess &amp; firing @TheRealMarilu  on @ApprenticeNBC  
u201cSome events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
Off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout worldu2014too expensive to build &amp; operateu2014donu2019t work. (cont) 
Itu2019s time for @PeteRose_14 to enter @MLBu2019s @BaseballHall. All time hits leader has paid the price.
.@VattenfallGroup wants out of their Aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly but @AlexSalmond wonu2019t let themu2014heu2019s (cont) 
@CrewSawyer Hope so!
.@JohnKerry claims he has never stopped workingu201d f/Pastor Abediniu2019s release through u201cback channels.  Where are the results?
China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site.
@DillsMama13: @realDonaldTrump What is your feeling about Rolling Stone magazine putting the bomber on the front cover? Boycott!
@ewilli1204  Thanks!
I love that, in addition to everything else, so much money is raised for such great causes on Celebrity Apprentice-all proud of that!
@Bchipper83: @realDonaldTrump haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that! Thank you!
@davidlemoinejr @billmaher  I will!
Unsustainable. With our $17T debt &amp; $90T in unfunded liabilities, government u201cblatantlyu201d wasted $30B this year 
Never bet against Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick or Tom Brady! @Patriots
@Teerellz_95   You have no chance!
@Patrick_Gibson: @realDonaldTrump country shouldn't be capitalized there Donald.  I always cap when talking about the USA (only)!
Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years.
Itu2019s a shame the ruling class of Republicans donu2019t attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz &amp; Lee.
New reality. Yuan just passed the Euro as 2nd most traded finance currency 
@dennizenx   Thanks!
@Pliztef  I like being nice to people.
I have a lot of @Apple stock--- and I miss Steve Jobs. Tim Cook must immediately increase the size of the screen... 
Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
Check @billmaheru2019s background &amp; you will find he is not a smart guyu2014he just wants people to think he is--just call him dummy.
@TheEvanGruver Thanks Evan and good luck.
This Sundayu2019s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/ @IvankaTrump &amp; @MELANIATRUMP together!
@mikepassmore   So true Mike.
@karliejanowski   Thanks Karlie!
@Craigkotter Thanks--will be great!
I canu2019t believe Apple isnu2019t moving faster to create a larger iPhone screen. Bring back Steve Jobs!
@Julzz: @realDonaldTrump you got bankrupted 3 times, who the hell trusts you with anything  I never went bankrupt, moron!
If you have a hard time communicating, one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience. - Midas Touch
@showtimeshelby   Thanks
Itu2019s Tuesday, how much has China stolen from us today through cyber espionage?
@Andresrojas35 Thank you Andy and best wishes to you.
@nikkio   Thank you.
Some good news for New York u2013 Weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls &amp; that is before more of the pervertu2019s old texts are released.
Trump Intu2019l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago is one of very few hotels in No. America w/ a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Hotel &amp; a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Restaurant...
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC is down to the five final contestants.  Getting fired now is when it really hurts!
@JGlennard: @realDonaldTrump incredible level of customer service @TrumpPanama . Best guest experience ever #Levels  Thanks.
@zak_boxer Never give up!
Are people really afraid of @OMAROSA Would you be? #CelebApprentice
Glad to hear @InsideEdition has hired @_KatherineWebb to cover @SuperBowl.  She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud.
.@TrumpChicago is the Windy City's sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel, 4 star restaurant &amp; spa 
@jacob_dotson: If you don't follow @realDonaldTrump you should probably just go home.
@robin1260: u201c@realDonaldTrump Bought 5 Trump shirts for husband today. So sophisticated! Hope u run for president. Thanks and enjoy!
@aerith1: .@piersmorgan .@realDonaldTrump I will be watching .@Lord_Sugar tomorrow. Tell him to keep the money coming my way!
Whereu2019s the global warming? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record 
@micr0driguez   They gave up because the shirts, ties and cufflinks are hot sellers @Macy's.
@AndyBarovick   Really terrible and a sad day for our Country!
.@SenMikeLee refuted every point Karl 1.6% Rove made on the need to defund ObamaCare.Must listen 
@Buhlebabe: RT @realDonaldTrump: Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - Aristotle!
@Nnamdos: If you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude, study @realDonaldTrump. Thanks!
I just won a big Court decision (N.Y. Post) against some character who claimed I owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties.
.@TrumpNewYork on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice
@OneMikex: @realDonaldTrump he's to soft of a president  Incompetent would be a better word!
@RayshaCanup  Will be great--thanks.
@algiers4 Thanks--say hi to Mikey.
@ezt91: @realDonaldTrump has Aberdeen said thank you yet? #youvebeentrumped  No.
@emileegorham: @realDonaldTrump I couldn't be a bigger fan! Love all you do!  Thanks Emilee!
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
@otcgiant: @realDonaldTrump with even a half decent running mate I don't see how you could lose against the Democrats ineptness. #Trumo2016
@megrunder: .@realDonaldTrump Is there ANY subject you arenu2019t an expert on?  No, not many!
@tschumann8: I hate everything that @realDonaldTrump says/does for the most part, but he's a Great businessman so I respect that.  O.K.!
Via @NRO: Donald Trump Eyes 2016 by @woodruffbets 
The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. MUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs.
.@IvankaTrump, @EricTrump &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr take no prisoners in  boardroom of u2018All Staru2019 @CelebApprentice. Where do they get it from?
@GAPools Either is great.
As a stockholder in Apple, they should get on with a larger screen iPhone as a supplementu2014immediately.
My motto is: u2018Never give up.u2019 I follow this very strictly. I do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal.
@DTomback: @realDonaldTrump : Great job on this week! Way to stick it to the liberal media.
@jwizzle03  Hi Justin.
@EwudziYamoah: @realDonaldTrump Glad to find you thank you for your philanthropic work,  Thank you!
The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous!
@parisitony Just a small percentage.
@puffy61 @Real_LukasHall Thanks.
@jdstravel: @jdstravel @realDonaldTrump Do you have a helipad at Trump National LA?  Yes!
@Mattingly27 @billmaher Stay tuned!
@BobLo_Lady  Thanks.
The signature restaurant of @TrumpNewYork, @jeangeorges is both  Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant 
@asaadhutchinson: @realDonaldTrump @maffucci93 Dream large, take charge  True-do it!
@MaryBethTHM @TheRealMarilu @CelebApprentice  I agree!
@jenconservative: @RKDrake @realDonaldTrump I would be totally surprised if the US even HAS any money to spend on Syria!! We don't!
@ThePhantomNJ: @pgahistorybug How sick is @realDonaldTrump 's @TrumpGolfDC ? Maybe a future @PGAChampionship or @usopengolf in 5 yrs
@MGSeneca He was a great friend of mine--loyal guy.
@jtan_from_ott: @realDonaldTrump would ever have a loser like @dannyzuker on the apprentice? His stupidity could be funny. Interesting!
@thisiscen: If you're not following @realDonaldTrump on Twitter, you are missing out on GREATNESS. Do it. Thank you!
.@Yankees manager Joe Girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. Doing a great job!
@Btosiridesigns: @realDonaldTrump 
@txbpd: @realDonaldTrump just caught your interview on @gretawire on my DVR. Always love hearing you speak! Thanks!
@merssem: @realDonaldTrump @silvermarie2001 trump is one of smartest men around I agree - thanks!
@Peace_Janise: @realDonaldTrump I'll be watching! Break a Leg! Thanks.
Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom 
I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming?
@DanScavino Dan-You are a great guy with a great family-amazing future!
@tayloroftexas   So nice, good morning!
@_KateMorgan_: I'd say @realDonaldTrump is a legend  I work too long and hard to think about it - but thanks!
I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative!
Mariano Rivera is one of top @Yankees of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved.
Everyone loves TVu2019s darling @TheRealMarilu. But wait until you see her tough &amp; competitive side in the upcoming @CelebApprentice!
Great news - @TPPatriots are starting their own Super PAC to fight @KarlRove 
John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him!
I will be addressing a fantastic Ames crowd at tomorrow's @bobvanderplaatsu2019 @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit 
.@IvankaTrump is rightu2014Plan B has descended into a state of total chaos. #CelebApprentice
My wife, the beautiful @MELANIATRUMP will be appearingu2026 #CelebApprentice
Millions Could Get Surprise Tax Bills Under u2018Obamacareu2019 If They Donu2019t Accurately Project Their Income 
@realBrianBuxton: @fluffyguy why is @realDonaldTrump even at a @wwe event?  Ratings asshole - I'll bet in life you are a very big failure!
Via @FoxNews: Donald Trump sends Bill Maher birth certificate, awaits $5 million 
Must read editorial co-written by @weeklystandard editor William Kristol &amp; @NRO editor @RichLowry u2018Kill the Billu2019 
Trump National Golf Club, Charlotte, is the premiere club in North Carolina. 
@Brown97M Thank you.
Obama is finally stopping the Chinese from buying something in America u2013 windfarms 
u201cIu2019ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
Obamau2019s $1T+ deficit budget expanded welfare &amp; green cronyism &amp; it cut domestic bomb prevention in half 
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.n- Henry David Thoreau
Just read @marklevinshowu2019s bestseller booku2014really great!
@warrencasselljr                      nWatching The Apprentice UK. Not as good as @realDonaldTrump's Apprentice. True!
If the gov't shuts down, it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt.
@BillWhiteNY. Thanks Bill!
@dongibson12: @magicdel @LateShow Mr Trump. You have great kids.Let them handle UR business. Step forward and save what's left of the USA
@AMalfas  She can't but I adore her.
@afolasoji So true.
Reigning @ApprenticeNBC Champion @TraceAdkins does great work with @wwpinc. Donate to an Injured Warrior today 
Radio interview w/ @seanhannity discussing @PhilMickels0n_ , why NY must start fracking &amp; staying in @GOP primary 
Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting.
@Gabagul_ Hi Dan and good luck!
@lildarling928: @realDonaldTrump @traceadkins @apprenticenbc such great things have come from this show-see it working in OKC #redcross
@BobOBomo: u201c@HistoryInPics: Donald Trump and Mike Tyson 
When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website?
@jesslivin Hi Jessica and thanks.
@Haley_Loyal @CelebApprentice @latoyajackson  LaToya is terrific.
My @piersmorgan interview on Snowden the traitor, national security and China hacking us 
Come on @DannyZuker, take the bet, show your friends and family (&amp; your bosses on Modern Family) that you're not chicken shit
My @foxandfriends interview re: @IvankaTrump's pregnancy, my grandchildren, Obama's 18% tax rate &amp; Obamacare 
I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice.
@Scooter41471: @realDonaldTrump congrats on the run with the show, been a staple for years on NBC Thanks Scott!
@sayylalalaselah: #confessionnight I want to one day slap Donald trump in the face  BUT REMEMBER, DUMMY, HE HITS BACK REALLY HARD!
@ringalenegotti. Thanks.
@TanmayShekhawat: @realDonaldTrump was incredible as always on Letterman. He surely knows how to handle it. Thanks!
@PyperProblems: @realDonaldTrump someone needs to fire @DannyZuker !  He will fire himself-a total loser!
@jamesshelby: @realDonaldTrump What is your opinion on Tebow? Was destroyed at Jets-GREAT GUY-should have gone to Jacksonville!
@L_Jackson_78: @realDonaldTrump welp. mr trump you won't respond to me so I'm gonna just try to talk to richer people than you.Aren't many!
@lynn5101953 Sadly, true!
@fastfranky5: @realDonaldTrump @macy @goangelo Donald - they are top notch, I have a dozen or so #Quality  Thanks, people love them!
@NSprad: @realDonaldTrump @stevemit30 Donald, stick to business and politics.  I will!
That was some episode last week-we've got a great cast!
Via @Golfmagic: Golden Bear and American business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece  
@FlyinOSUBuckeye @comfynumb2012 @ForQ2 So true! Just a business tool used by the best! Ask Carl, Warren, etc.
@newnonny: @BmoreBadBoy81 @realDonaldTrump don't hate him for being successful. Hate him for being an asshole Actually, I agree with that
@kingantoine1  Thanks Antoine.
@DaphneHaven: I'm so fascinated by the way @realDonaldTrump is. He motivates me to never give up &amp; to keep pushing forward. ud83cudf1a  Great!
For beauty and flight, Iu2019ll take the @Boeing 757 over the @Boeing 787 any day!
@Justin_Majoy: @realDonaldTrump this may be the best tweet in the history of twitters existence  You are too kind!
@ProudlySA: Thank you for your response - we live in a beautiful country &amp; invite you to visit - we will host you &amp; show you the beauty
@VictorFrisina Me too@ A great place.
@IAMAASHKA    Thanks, it will be great.
@Fresh_Entertain: @realDonaldTrump do you ever go to the isle of Lewis?  Yes, great place-my wonderful mother was born there!
Via @PatheosFamily by @BristolsBlog:  Trump Weighs In on Saeed: Obama 'Didnu2019t Even Ask' 
u201cIn the end, youu2019re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish. - The Art of the Deal
Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at @GOP.
Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY.
New York Fashion Week is really bad, and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars, no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW
7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! #MakeDCListen
@ChadMLadwig: @realDonaldTrump Great interview Donald. Please run for President in 2016
@lucaswilson911: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE REPLY TO ME!!! Yay! I'm your number 1 fan!!! I will die happy if you respond to this tweet :D $$$$
@notleadinglady: @realDonaldTrump @Toure Mr. Trump how is Toure a racist? I just don't see it. Not enough people watch him to know!
@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump A talk show is an amazing idea- so many would love to see you do it...your insight on a daily basis? what a gift!
.@AlexSalmond u2013the man who let terrorist (Pan Am Flight 103) al-Megrahi  go, lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in Blackdog.
... among ABC, CBS and NBC in the key news demo of adults....
@Chuffman48: @realDonaldTrump I mean Mark Cuban is better with his money than you  Not even close, dopey.
@MissUniversNEWS: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE YOU  Thanks, and keep up the great work-on to Moscow.
Why are we fighting for the rebels that hate us-only to save face for Obama!
@RealMissHIUSA13  Thanks Brianna!
Time for Sebelius to be fired. She has admitted that the Administration did not vet the ObamaCare website 
@Shadowbat Thank you.
@courtneyymorgan: Just saw the old post office in Washington DC that @realDonaldTrump is planning to turn into a hotel. It will be gorgeous
u201cPlaying golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun...
@EAWIII @MELANIATRUMP  Thank you Edward.
@hmachann  Thanks Heidi.
In the latest poll, Danger-Weineru2019s numbers have sunk. I wonder how Carlos handled the stress? He is one whacko sicko sexter.
@aatl5112012: @realDonaldTrump please run for president so we finally have a chance at living a normal life again. #TRUMP4PRES
@aliyuaminuahmed: @realDonaldTrump @Bobbysoo80 Donal J. Trump is a good Presidential candidate - he has answers. Thanks, very nice!
u201cIt is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.u201d -Theodore Roosevelt
The Unaffordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as ObamaCare, is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
@WhiskeysCowgirl: @realDonaldTrump  just turned off Jay!  I can't watch him anymore, running out with the phony high fives-he's lost it!
@cGjeezy: @realDonaldTrump Donnie how does Trump compare to Cosmo in Vegas #AskDonnie   Far superior!
If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!
@JPM17: @realDonaldTrump @TomNocera I've taken a few of the classes on line. Thought they were very good.
u201cYour money should be at work at all times. Even in the worst economy, there is no excuse. - Think Like a Billionaire
Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago.  @IngrahamAngle gave a strong speech.  Sheu2019s great!
@EdwardAshton30 Thanks--food for thought!
The Tea Party delivered the House for @GOP so they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible!
The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why canu2019t the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #OpenOurWH
@BBPACK  You have real talent!
People ask about @AmandaTMiller. She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice
The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium.
Failed show @DannyZuker season 1 of @apprenticenbc had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching.....
I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener!  10 P.M.
@BobKurlander   Thanks Bob, it is one of the best and will only get better-I will be spending lots of money this Summer!
@CATHCO9. Thanks.
@leebandoni   Thanks Lee!
@MadamSuzette: @realDonaldTrump U were right Jodi arias should Have listened to u  Thanks, but I'm glad she didn't.
@kayceelaw: @realDonaldTrump A great mind...And a role model. Thanks!
Wow, Iu2019m at 2,200,000  followers but Iu2019d love to get rid of the haters &amp; losersu2014theyu2019re such a waste of time!
By popular demand, I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight!
u201cMoney may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
Once again @LilJon has competed at a very high level on Celebrity All Star @ApprenticeNBC. He is a great competitor.
Putin says Russia canu2019t allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrentu2014U.S. wants to reduceu2014are we crazy?
O.K., Christmas is over, now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus, focus, focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!
Donald Trump: Yahoo, Marissa Mayer Are Right; Employees Should Not Work From Home 
@FatherSiisi: @realDonaldTrump 's tweets about negotiations should be treated as trusted gem's cause he knows what he's talking about!
@HvrhRump I will--thanks--Success is fantastic.
@DPMurphy93 That's true--they all ask!
@gabrielsherman Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me
@Michael_Dorris: @realDonaldTrump: @tannermarkboots: @realDonaldTrump never tell your enemy when where and how you are going to hit them!
@pixxxxxiedust Yes Danielle, a great chance.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp; design exclusively available @Macys.
Welcome to the new reality. 23,116,928 US households on food stamps 
@nadeaua75: @realDonaldTrump has my vote! He MUST run for president if we want success!  Thank you.
Thank you to the Robb Report, The Best of the Best issue, for just naming Trump International Golf Links the Best New Golf Course In World!
@UnitedContractF  Interesting and true.
@MaxKnowsAll         n@realDonaldTrump England Loves Donald Trump. Where can we buy your ties from over here please? Check out @Macys.com
@Chris_McNall: @realdonaldtrump congratulations on building the world's best golf course. Scotland makes us jealous!  Thanks Chris.
The @AmSpec article, Shakedown Schneiderman about NY State lightweight @AGSchneiderman is amazing.  n
@JBradleyDesign1 @CNNMoney @jtotoole Thank you!
@bucksfan2012: @realDonaldTrump - Did you hear the cheers from Ohio??! Celebrity Apprentice is back to being my favorite show!
In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!
@KariDAway2388 Thanks Kari.
@BrandenRoderick Brande-- Thank you! You have been a pleasure to work with.
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese.  Why doesnu2019t he come home then?
@ajshaw1003 Great!
I will be going to Aberdeen, Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference.
Team Power+@LilJon= Spielberg?  Letu2019s find out. #CelebApprentice
Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester!
Two years ago I told everybody to start looking &amp; buying housesu2014I hope you listened! (but there is still time).
The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55, 744, 081. It then bloated to $292, 071,067 INCOMPETENCE
@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Maybe Shulman is having an affair with someone in the White House. He looks a little gay.
Sleazebag @BashirLive has just been forced to resign from @msnbc. His pathetic apology wasnu2019t enough to save his job.  @SarahPalinUSA
The party of the year in Palm Beach was the New Year's Eve celebration at the Mar-a-Lago Club--it was amazing. 
@Bogart_Ron True!
.@hardball_chris  Did you forget about Bill Ayers &amp; so many others? You should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday.
@artlab: @realDonaldTrump Still waiting for the apology on the birth certificate thing.  You must be kidding joker!
You must promise that you will never cheat off Manti Teu2019ou2019s test papers.
@DORISARTIST  Thanks Doris.
u201cTo succeed, one must be creative and persistent.u201d - John H. Johnson
@chinnis_28: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 only one I can think of to fix this spending problem.
.@MELANIATRUMP, @IvankaTrump, @EricTrump, @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; I  thank our loyal fans for another great season of @ApprenticeNBC!
@DannyZuker, are you ready for the deal?
@catcrazy71: @realDonaldTrump your mother was such a pretty lady! True, considered a great beauty-thanks.
@JoselynMartinez: It was great to meet NYC icons @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump today! #nyc 
Trump: I Love the Tea Party, They Love Me 
@Kaszie @BarackObama Casandra--It's not--thanks.
@theholst: @realDonaldTrump I was against fame entering the white house until now. Please run for president, the US needs you. Thank you.
@chrisleigh604: @realDonaldTrump welcome to vancouver . Enjoy your visit  Thank you.
@gohermie: @realDonaldTrump @usopengolf Thank you Mr. Trump, I appreciate all of the support you have given me. I hope you can come watch.
@Larkyjunior @tomclaridge84 @daveydanger @MELANIATRUMP  Thank you.
@sassy_grunch @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC  Seriously!
@BeckettGOP Thanks Brian and good luck.
@ADuanePotter Do not give up--you will make it!
@SoCalCharles: @realDonaldTrump @mbb2792 @WWE People still watch that? Thanks!
This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever, freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING.
It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable @scottmstringer.
I'm giving away money! 11AM Trump Tower. Be there or be left behind!
@KaburuOle: @realDonaldTrump like Einstein was the greatest scientist, I submit, you are the greatest Entreprenuer of our time. Thank you.
@PhilKnudsen: @Toure @realDonaldTrump just curious Toure, how have you done with your business ventures, and how many people do you employ?
Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain.
u201cTRUMP: IMMIGRATION BILL A REPUBLICAN 'DEATH WISH'u201d 
@AKudej25: @realDonaldTrump We wont see REAL change unless you become President! #PleaseRun #2016  Thank you and true!
@Jdawgnuts: @realDonaldTrump if you really thought you could have won, you would have ran.  Very bad grammar (run).
@parrguy Thanks Tom.
Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers.
Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would  fold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s &amp; is cutting way back!
Dumbass @BillMaher has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice.
@DatDudeHead: @realDonaldTrump mr trump would open up the keystone pipeline if he were prez bc he makes things happen. #trump2016  True.
@garthdahdah: u201c@realDonaldTrump: I hope everyone goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts &amp; suitsu201d [love my DJT Ties - Thanks!
Syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our talk - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.Amazing!
@harry_vickers @DannyZuker @ApprenticeNBC Thanks!
u201cWhen youu2019re at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer u2013 of yourself and others.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@CraftMonroe: @realDonaldTrump You were very right about Weiner as always.
Via @BW: Thomas Jefferson, Donald Trump Share Love of Grapes in Virginia  
@BigDaddyD603: @realDonaldTrump first time I have ever agreed with you  You must be kidding!
Our billion dollar website- 
Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.
Heading over to@Kelly and Michael re. Apprentice!
@d18mt2: @realDonaldTrump You will knock the President anyway. Wrong, I would love to see him do a great job, but it's not working that way
@northsydgirl  Yes.
Randy Moss should not be bragging about himselfu2014Iu2019m the only one who is allowed to do that!
@CariRead08: @realDonaldTrump I look forward to your wise words every day. Nice to learn from one of the best. You are very smart!
Vattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a  changing market.
Here we go!
@Roc_Cayard   So nice, thank you.
@BridgetGonzale3: @realDonaldTrump I mean seriously come on, Donald Trump is the coolest guy ever.  Thanks, but easy against the losers!
@PDGreenwood: I wish I could go on Jay's show so badly! Real quote from @realDonaldTrump Real quote is I wish they would stop calling
Adopt the Arts campaign at @fundanything ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs 
@CassandraJ0y @LilJon  Thank you.
P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination, maybe the best of all!
@JeremyHL: @realDonaldTrump - Your #Chicago tower really sparked a riverwalk revival! #ThankYou  Thanks
@DanScavino @EricTrump @EricTrumpFdn @StJude  Thanks Dan.
In three years people wonu2019t be building wind turbines anymore - they are obsolete &amp; totally destroy the environment in which they sit.
@d_murphy13                   n@realDonaldTrump purely a political move if he met w/Obama,Mr.Trump please put the heat on this clown show!
.@latoyajackson informs @ArsenioHall  that @Omarosa is a u201cconniving witchu201du2014is he surprised? Are we surprised? #CelebApprentice
I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco!
Donald Trump praises @LilJon and welcomes him back to All Star @CelebApprentice 
Obamau2019s own gun study proves gun control is ineffective 
@Articmink: @realDonaldTrump Just what I needed to hear. Love to be a follower of @realDonaldTrump You're amazing Mr Trump!  Thanks.
@GabiOliver26: @realDonaldTrump @maffucci93 My 17th bday is tomorrow :D plzzzz will u retweet me...  Happy B-day!
Young entrepreneurs u2013 never back down. Take the hits and get up.  Thatu2019s what makes a winner.
@Jaybags9: @realDonaldTrump just been walking behind you boss! Liking the golf course and hotel in general! #Miami #Doral  Will be great!
u201cImage is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@FlamboyantFag: @realDonaldTrump a world with Donald Trump is a world I don't want to live in #inspiration  Wow, how nice!
@TRUE_A_Smith: @realDonaldTrump thoughts on Geno??  He played great, especially for his first game!
Republicans better start listening to and respecting the Tea Party!
@Taurus_Lovin: @realDonaldTrump - My boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas the other day, gotta say your Trump building rocks! Thanks.
Pay attention to global news and developments--in today's world that is a requirement, not an elective.
@RealDonalDrumpf  Oh really, weren't they brutally mugging people all over the Park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous!
@KindofABD: Who would have guessed that @realDonaldTrump would be the smartest person on my news feed right now I was always the smartest!
Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better.
u201cDo your homework before you invest.  A dumb investor is a dead investor.u201d  u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
.@claudiajordanu2019s judgment wasnu2019t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroomu2014that was her demise. #CelebApprentice
@lilkubes  Great and thanks!
@HLDRPiper73  Thank you.
If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work.
@IronMan1021: I think after watching his roast I've realized that @realDonaldTrump is super fucking bad ass Props to you sir True - thanks
Got to know Senator @JohnKerry in Aspen, Colorado years agou2014a very solid and stand-up guy.
@aussiemika74: @realDonaldTrump Any plans to present in Sydney again? Missed the last one, but heard great things about it  YES
With the signature services of Trump Attachu00e9, @TrumpWaikiki brings premiere luxury to the white sands of Waikiki 
@rhino848484 My honor.
Via @si_golf: u201cDonald Trump, Rory McIlroy and Matt Kuchar are guys to watch at @DoralResortu201d 
@ColetonEmr Happy Birthday!
.@GOP has leverage. Must stay united &amp; on message.
W/ spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, @TrumpGolfLA is the top luxury public golf course in the country 
@CforColby Hi Colby.
@rosschisholm10: @realDonaldTrump Dad got his first hole in 1 today on the 16th at Trump International Links. Can I get a rt for him please
@happyloner   Wrong you idiot!
@bingham_tammy: @realDonaldTrump why wasn't Obama more concerned w/Benghazi #americans killed. Syria not our business
.@rushlimbaugh played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show.
@CantalupoA: @realDonaldTrump please tell me another apprentice is coming !!  It is!
I pay millions of $u2019s a year to Florida Power &amp; Light &amp; they canu2019t give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them?
Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes, Reagan's presidency looks better and better.
...What is wrong with this story? Isnu2019t this just ridiculous? Terrible! #KathyBoudin
@bobBhewitt: @realDonaldTrump Derek Jeter, what a return! He is the anti A-Rod, great leader. Have you met him? He is a Great guy!
Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings!
@jmkjmkjmkjmkjmk: @realDonaldTrump Hey Donald, just want to say, I'm a huge fan of your books. Your a real inspiration. Thanks!
@pididdie20: In the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish - Donald Trump
You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow..
@HisBloodSaves Great school--thanks!
@AnnetteNavaret  Great.
@loisleyn Thanks.
u201cKeep focusing on doing what you love, even if times are tough.u201d u2013 Think Big
@lilisportsfan: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump will you be at Doral next week so I can shake your hand again on the 5th tee? Yes!
Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action!
@ChrisLeahey1: @realDonaldTrump Do you see President Obama surviving these scandals ?  Sadly yes, but he will never be the same!
@FelixNunez249: @realDonaldTrump @macy today I received many compliments from wearing shirt and tie outfit  Great!
@MrJPL It is Trump!
@clary77 Thank you.
@hdiallo: @dblsolo7 @realDonaldTrump That hair is a hot mess &amp; shows he gas no class or style!   Yea, you're a real beauty!
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many, many times to over $10 billion-is bad?
@baker772: @realDonaldTrump What a great hotel!! I have stayed there twice, love it more and more every time.
@KatySutherland6   Great!
@AlexTallitsch: I wonder if @realDonaldTrump is going to make any more plane crash jokes? What are you talking about-I never made a joke.
@CaroleCJF: @realDonaldTrump @Aj_baylor You are such a welcome voice of reason.  Thanks!
@phattim26: @realDonaldTrump we need a true leader to guide this great nation. Will you please answer the call? You have my vote Thank you
Jodi, if you're listening, MAKE A DEAL!
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where youu2019re coming from.
. @foxandfriends interview discussing a budget deal, my #CPAC2013 speech, @RealBenCarson &amp; firing @latoyajackson 
@JayRobby: I love Bill Gates and Warren Buffet and Donald Trump. I so love them.  You have good taste!
@VOIPDATA: How about Eliot Spitzer? Will you say the same ? @realDonaldTrump: On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO! Eliot is also sick!
@GringaLinds: @realDonaldTrump Donald I watched you on Fallon. I love you and always have. How bout a tweet back :) Thanks.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW, RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!
National Review Online: Kristin Davis's Libertarian 'Tough Love' 
@soonrfan4life: @realDonaldTrump I'm a veteran and one of your biggest fans. Love what u do for our nation. #Trumpforpresident Thanks.
@DanSt_Schwind Thanks--and good luck.
@alan_liljegren. Thanks Alan.
For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake!
Itu2019s Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare?
@Lakers305: @realDonaldTrump When is #TrumpNationalDoral scheduled to b completed? Can't wait 2 see da choppa in March Very soon!
@995mu: @realDonaldTrump @DylanHEndlich Cause this is the best place to tell people to fux off without saying so. #Twitter
How do you like Seth and Oscars so far?
Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You have to trust yourself and your instincts.
u201cDonu2019t let the fear of striking out hold you back.u201d u2013 Babe Ruth
@M_A_F: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for all you do for the #troops! May God bless all of our #Veterans this Memorial Day! Thanks.
So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice
@__Mickey_Mouse Thanks Basil.
@jmull71   Great Jason!
@ebrumby   Thank you.
u201cMSNBC'S TOURu00c9 HAS EPIC RACE-BAITING MELTDOWN ON CNNu201d 
.@VattenfallGroup  had no answers at demonstration last night. Itu2019s a failing company. Aberdeen windmills will destroy it.
It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.
@desorourke84: @realDonaldTrump trump tower here in Chicago is such an impressive building and architecturally really fits in with the area
@SHAWSHANK5                  n@realDonaldTrump To be a champ. you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will  True!
@andreamanco95: @realDonaldTrump. Mr Trump..i remember your match vs @VinceMcMahon..it was awesome...what a business man!  Thank you!
Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States!
@robds101  Easy--only small area.
Thereu2019s nothing u201ccompassionateu201d about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation. - Time To Get Tough
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED, I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way!
@chef2234 @Cloutsnchara Happy Birthday.
Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp; many other countries are fighting back.
I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the    S.E.C.  It never should have been brought in the first place!
How amazing, the State Health Director who verified copies of Obamau2019s u201cbirth certificateu201d died in plane crash today. All others lived
Do you know how many years @TheRealMarilu starred on Taxi? #CelebApprentice
@Judare So true!
@mrsafetyman110: @realDonaldTrump where do you find the time? and energy? any special diet  Just have no choice but to move forward.
Isnu2019t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?
@jlynn_12  Thanks Jessica.
True, America is rapidly losing it's SPIRIT, and when that's gone, we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down!
@HayesRutherford Yes and thanks.
@LeoDiCaprio   Come to Miss U.S.A. tomorrow in Las Vegas-will be a great evening!
u201cMy advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: Get yours going!u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
...The ads made her look great and now she probably will run.
Itu2019s freezing in New Yorku2014where the hell is global warming?
@HollyMo15146097: @realDonaldTrump Trump for PRESIDENT!!! THE U.S. ADORES TRUMP!
@HughPhartud: Schneidean is in trouble. History shows that @realDonaldTrump will publicly lambaste this guy to the point of surrender.
Everyone should calm down. @BenAffleck is going to do a great job as Batman.
Itu2019s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. Itu2019s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
@MikeMcCabeSad: @realDonaldTrump @DannyZuker the fact that you keep tweeting at him is showing why you lost  True, Danny is a known loser!
Receiving the @RobbReport trophy for best new golf course in the world- Trump International Golf Links Scotland. 
Wow, Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end!
... Is a third party coming? I hope not.
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is. ~Donald Trump
Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins.
ObamaCare Horror Story: u201cNavigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administrationu201d 
@JamesOKeefeIIIu2019s @project_veritas has exposed the massive ObamaCare fraud perpetuated by Navigator Programs 
@thequote: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough. - Donald Trump
What do you think of Gary's definition of    f-u-n?
Via @MoscowTimes  Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow 
@kingmortimer Interesting.
@PRDay Wilson--but he probably won't get it.
@MarkMcGrath87: @realDonaldTrump You have a cunty demeanor.  True!
Hereu2019s @Joan_Rivers. She &amp; @IvankaTrump make a terrific team as my advisors. #CelebApprentice
@MartyCPA: @gregshoes69 @realDonaldTrump 10% of the people pay 90% of this countries tax. What wealthy tax breaks.
@pga4terry @ApprenticeNBC  Thanks Terry.
Here we go again via @timesunion.com 
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand.Thatu2019s the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -Midas Touch
@DrewMillington Actually, too many to pick one.
Anti-Morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting.
@PatrickBlackbrn: @realDonaldTrump @MattMoran50 He tried last cycle and failed miserably. Never ran yet lead in the pols you moron!
@Sharky_88: @realDonaldTrump I wake up ever day and go to work and pray for this country to get back on track. Wish you would run!
@mattdaddyX6  Thank you.
@CMHeel: @realDonaldTrump do like Mexico?   Yes, but they make a fortune off the U.S.  Their leaders are far better negotiators than ours.
@MusicByEthan Thank you.
Wow, Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City!
@CheifSoda: @realDonaldTrump should be the next president , the man knows how to make money and has reasonable solutions for every problem
Wow, Macy's numbers just in-Trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support!
@MattGallows: @realDonaldTrump if you were to become president, could you make this country financially successful?  Absolutely!
@kmcs1957: @realDonaldTrump I love when you get your Haters all twisted up. You would make another gazillion $ as a comedian #love you!
@tvmario  Thanks!
Trump @DoralResortu2019s renovations are on schedule.  With such a massive project underway, I am watching closely.
@Marco_Masucci: @MaryChayko @realdonaldtrump is my favorite celebrity in the world! I can't believe she met him.  Great and thanks!
@thesween_bean: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for 2016. #Trump2016  Our country needs help (leadership), and it needs it FAST!
@dhfr64 Happy Birthday Deborah.
@BlakeSRobinson: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for the big show tomorrow. I've had it circled on the calendar for months. Great Blake!
u201cLearn, work, and think in equal proportions, and youu2019ll be going in the right direction.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump if the people want to get our economy back on track, theyu2019ll vote #TRUMP in 2016Thank you.
The new reality, China and Japan are warning us not to default 
. @WWEu2019s @WrestleMania XXIX less than 3 weeks away.  Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame!
Itu2019s Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today?
Throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at Fenway in Boston- Boston will be better than ever. 
@IvanGH   Great taste!
@VirginiaDG @bjjsoulroller
@Universifize @IvankaTrump @EricTrump It will be great &amp; produce many jobs.
@bagshotrow: @realDonaldTrump which internet test told you this i would like to Match Wits With The Trumpster  You wouldn't have a chance!
@trandusa: @realDonaldTrump we expect you to have some more investments in Turkey,Istanbul Mr. Trump.  Love Istanbul!
@Hallmarr Hi Hallmar.
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will include Vancouveru2019s first pool bar nightclub &amp; Trump Spa 
The world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere.  Yet crude is over $87/barrel. Should be $25 at the most.
@tjwacker. Good luck!
@sdoocy @BroRay You always look great on TV, even without a Trump tie!
@missally52 @Macys  Thanks and great job!
.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Childrenu2019s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy.
Practice positive thinkingu2014this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental...
@carolbell04: @realDonaldTrump this season of the appentance is great   Thanks!
The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size. -- Einstein
With the impending crisis in Korea, is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences.
@adammatruski: @realDonaldTrump stop investing in hotels and focus on our structure and your campaign for presidency Good point!
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &amp; FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
Heading down to D.C. 
@airpacee: @realDonaldTrump I don't even follow u and I love you  Very nice!
Hagel has been endorsed by China 
@Verniceblahblah: @realDonaldTrump trump hotels are the best!!!  I AGREE AND THANKS!
Vote for your favorite @MissUSA contestant --- the 2013 #MissUSA Fan Vote at 
@TroyMeaz: @realDonaldTrump america is falling apart! we need you  True and true.
I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards!
#TBT Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John. 
@cobra4748: @realDonaldTrump I just bought one of your shirts for a business trip,quality,style,&amp;value from a name I trust.
@ClydeJayvy: @realdonaldtrump You'd be a great professor.  My uncle was a professor at M.I.T.
Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism.  @autismspeaks
@gretawire: PresObama is not busy talking to Congress about Syria..he is playing golf ...go figure
@mmanoff: @realDonaldTrump What can I do to help Donald J. Trump get elected to be President of the USA? Just sit tight-thanks!
From Bloomberg: u201cChrysleru2019s Jeep expects China production agreement soon.u201d  I told you so.
@JordanKnoxville @ApprenticeNBC Starting next week the show increases to 2 hours.
Republicans, donu2019t extend the debt ceilingu2014make the great deal now!
@kathykphillips: @realDonaldTrump ...It's Sunday night and I'm missing Celebrity Apprentice in a bad way! We start shooting in the Spring!
My ties, shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's!
#TrumpVine Opinion on Egypt- 
.@billmaher has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Billu2014you made a deal.
@GenallKasmikha  I notice, thanks Genall!
@barrman: @realDonaldTrump You are awesome! Cant wait for next season of celebrity apprentice.hope you run for president in 2016 Thanks!
@onedaddy26 Yes.
@scottallenmeyer: @realDonaldTrump DRILL BABY DRILL. North Dakota's economy is booming.
@Scribe53: @realDonaldTrump @MGIFINC Agree about Rosie. Sad because she is very talented.  Actually, she has got no talent at all-ZERO!
@us_patriot_3888: @realDonaldTrump- Why isnt mainstream media all over this like Trayvon Martin story?Will there be justice for Chris Lane?
Trump International in Dubai  will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to @damacofficial for their genius!
@yet_another_day: @realDonaldTrump Who's your Home Run Derby winner?  Perhaps Davis!
@MaasMaasWhatup: Nobody does the Twitter thing quite like @realDonaldTrump. That man engages his critics like nobody I've seen before.  T.
@dancurran4: @realDonaldTrump take the money we would waste in Syria. Give it to you. You go rebuild Detroit.  So true!
You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life. - Think Big
Gov. @BobbyJindal referred to the Republicans as u201cthe stupid partyu201d. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use.
@McLeanGolf: Drove around the new Blue Monster again tonight. Saving photos. What Donald Trump has done here will shock golf world!
@Beliefheals: @realDonaldTrump Seriously, you are the only American qualified to be Prez -all areas of competence!. Thank you.
@TheDarangatang Thanks Timothy.
@therealHamzeh: Went shopping today for a wedding i have coming up got me @realDonaldTrump everything #CountOnTrump Great, have fun!
Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C.
@UnitedINDaKing: @realDonaldTrump If my little girl was old enough for Twitter, I *would want* her to be able to follow you. Smart parent!
By rejecting my ad on ugly windmills &amp; @AlexSalmondu2019s faulty thinking on the u201cLockerbie bomberu201d the ad is now on worldwide newscasts.
@scherroe  Amy is terrific!
Your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself.
Many people have commented that my fragrance, u201cSuccessu201d  is the best scent &amp; lasts the longest. Try it &amp; let me know what you think!
@_stacys_mom_: I just love @realDonaldTrump.  Very nice.
@Generalzod4109: @realDonaldTrump : Bill Mahr beat you clown!  Wrong, Bill (whose last name you spelled wrong) doesn't know he's alive!
Current @NYMag really sad, not only boring but highly inaccurate. Use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!).
@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump My 12yr old nephew is your biggest fan! Has #Success cologne, watches Apprentice, wants to be like uSay hi!
NBC terminates The Chris Matthews Show 
@Peace_Janise: @realDonaldTrump Celebrity Apprentice is not just great entertainment, its also schooling for the business world. Thanks!
@JAW44444 @CelebApprentice Agree--thanks!
See my picks at @Fund_Anything at 
@mikeymexico  Thsnk you.
@MarkDRucker1: @realDonaldTrump I wish you'd spend more time building people up rather than tearing them down. I only tear down losers.
@DashJohnston: @realDonaldTrump Feels like I have grown up with you. My dad is a huge fan and always talked about you. You are amazing! Wow
@hrt05hsv: @realDonaldTrump @realDBP You could do it in your sleep and still make more sense than these other morons. Thanks.
The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardonu2014donu2019t give it to him, Mr. Presidentu2014hang tough!
u201cYou cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb.u201d - Andrew Carnegie
@dszippit Very nice question, thank you Danny.
@RajvirBoparai  Thanks, good luck.
@mscijihenderson Midas Touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests.
Congratulations to @KingJames on winning Athlete of the Year in last nightu2019s @ESPYS. LeBron is also a great guy!
@EBlakeSpencer: What a great day @TrumpGolfLA w/ @ChrisUhrig. Can't wait to go back @realDonaldTrump. #highlyrecommended. THANKS.
@DJT_biggest_fan  Great!
@alpugh1: @realDonaldTrump Donald sir, played your course on Friday and let me tell you this, it was spectacular. Good work!  Thanks!
Here we go with the Oscars!
This past Sundayu2019s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. An amazing run!
@KarltheMarx: u201c@realDonaldTrump: I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.u201d
@melissa7889: @realDonaldTrump @JRACKER33 you should run for president! Thanks,very nice!
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to dominate the Sunday 10PM slot in every key demographic. Still hot after 13 seasons!
@vin7768   Thank you-work hard and good luck.
@_ayooPRINCESS: . Many people dislike @realDonaldTrump but the man is the man and I can't lie ud83dudc4d .  So true!
@Lantern153: @realDonaldTrump I'm sorry you feel terrorists deserve to enjoy the just system setup by the united states. You are nuts!
@DavyMac_1972  Thanks!
@JanusDcjavu: @realDonaldTrump the one who talks much, does nothing Except make 10 billion dollars - go get a job dumbass!
@chinnis_28  Today.
@Page08   True!
.@AlexSalmond, donu2019t worry, my ad will be shown across the world--and it is highly accurate!
Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times, like no other. The world is a crazy place!
To become a champion, fight one more round. -- James J. Corbett, long ago Heavyweight Champion
@joelalbright1. Great!
.@NBA hall of famer @dennisrodman brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  This time, Dennis is a star!
Do your homework. Wasting other peopleu2019s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression.
@justivanjames: The only person I enjoy following is @realDonaldTrump  Thanks!
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia), as they say in the movies, SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!
I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said, Mr. Trump, it is an honor to meet you sir! Nice
@LordKaa213: @realDonaldTrump I dont know how you do it. Getting the attention of mass media with ridiculous bullshit. You are special
@hellsbells116  Thanks Chris
@brianchampagne @oliviaculpo  Olivia is great--x10.
@sirtyro: @realDonaldTrump How do you keep energy high &amp; positive mind when it feels like you're failing in business? Never think failure
@manc999 Write to Mark Burnett.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.u201d -   Gen. Douglas MacArthur
@mailloua: @realDonaldTrump The all star @ApprenticeNBC looks awesome from the clip I just watched on @jimmyfallon!!!    Thanks.
The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. The biggest yet!
Success tip: Be ready for problems, and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
@knaweiny21: @realDonaldTrump Love everything that you stand for! You are a brilliant man! Thank you!
@_olliesdaddy: @realDonaldTrump is there anyone that loves you more than yourself? Probably not!
70 stories over Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama is the countryu2019s first five star development.  A masterpiece 
@KyMdeLange  Wow, what a great honor--thanks.
You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys.
If you want to be a success, you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it. - Think Big
Great memory @TheRealMarilu! #CelebApprentice
@MaxwellPearson  Great!
@18_Chaz No discounts, only penalties!
Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whou2019s the boss? Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
@lindapct: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, can our country make it through 3 more years of this idiot in the WH?  Will not be easy!
@MGIFINC: @realDonaldTrump --- Call Rosie O'Donnell to help you.She can't help herself - she's sad, angry and pathetic!
@Mzk51Matt: @realDonaldTrump what Trump landmark can I take my 8 year old to in NYC for his first visit? #bigtrumpfan  Trump Tower,5th Ave
Bad. @gallupnews survey shows 30% of businesses not hiring-- they are worried they wonu2019t be around in a year. 
@coolboybrand: @realDonaldTrump the point of the documentary is that they were innocent - they were attacking innocent people in the Park!,
Had a great time on @gretawire last night.  Greta always does great interviews.
@TheTinaBeastu2019s continued incompetence has led to more people losing their jobs 
Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp; democracy---a great leader &amp; ally of America.
@DurantRandy: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump; some of these losers just don't get it. They need to look at why your on top.
@rgorman33: @realDonaldTrump @MrMarin88 LOL! Way to go Trump!brilliant and funny! Double threat guy!
@NYMag - New York Magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. Get it now, it won't last long!
@firephoto67: @realDonaldTrump Big fan Mr. Trump, always have been. Keep up the good work  Thanks Woody!
The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!
@RossWeidner Thank you! (I think)
.@hardball_chrisu2019 very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!
The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book
.@AlexSalmond is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down Scotlandu2019s throat u2013he's hated for it.
@Rizz_Lizz You're right--doesn't fit my image.
Pres. Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his u2018nativeu2019 Hawaii, putting Secret Service away from families on Christmas. Aloha!
@saphoros
@ChayaLa: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President 2016! #weneedyou  Thanks!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.u00bau00ba
Blackdog, Scotland, started a petition against @VattenfallGroup.  
u201cDonald Trump to visit metro Detroit in Mayu201d 
Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with other innovations. - Steve Jobs
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation.
@DomenicGallina: @realDonaldTrump any news on a new celebrity apprentice?  Going forward as soon as I get the time to shoot!
@carly_russell Thanks Carly, new season starts March 3rd.
@Orangepop911 I do!
Via @TODAY_Clicker: Donald Trump promises 'tough and mean and nasty' 'Celebrity Apprentice' 
@Toure If you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know I never filed for bankruptcy,now worth over $10 billion dummy
@hdiallo   Why do you follow me creepy stalker?
@jkaburu Work hard!
@NoraHaxha: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is the man, loved the interview on letterman!  Thanks!
@Randirobics Great, good luck!
u201cWinners never quit and quitters never win.u201d - Vince Lombardi
How did you like Michelle Obamau2019s bangs last night?
@DWatts3  Mitt, but Stuart Stevens was terrible.
Obama has exempted businesses, his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare.  Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.?
The 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice is unique.  We really pushed the envelope here.  Our great and loyal fans will love it.
@Marilynn555 Thanks!
@Hunterboss1996: @realDonaldTrump I'm going to keep tweeting and annoying you until you run for president. #Trump2016 That's OK with me!
@emilyplacido @mcuban Emily--true and thanks.
Standing strong for his people, @GovWalker is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great!
Iu2019m on @ETonlineAlert tonight to talk about what the Yankees should have done about A-Rod long ago 
I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lewu2019s handwriting shows, while strange, that he is very secretiveu2014not necessarily a bad thing.
@MikeDemkiw  True!
@Slim_Shady2o3: @realDonaldTrump yay i cant wait mr trump! You have the best show on tv on sunday nights!  THANKS!
@ThisNBAgirl: @realDonaldTrump You are not as smart as Mark Cuban, no matter what you think. Keep to what you know. Lets do an I.Q. test!
@seanheilweil: @realDonaldTrump damn you really like getting @mcuban fired up to squash you like a bug huh? He doesn't have the strength!
@orThatGuy: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira I can't wait to never read another copy of @NYMag. I will enjoy watching it crash and burn though.
@MetalMadSean: @realDonaldTrump Your thoughts on Obama's trip to Africa?  A total waste of taxpayers money! $100 million.
@julesmattsson   Wrong, totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this Country suck!
Why are people upset w/ me over Pres Obamau2019s birth certificate?I got him to release it, or whatever it was, when nobody else could!
@EDM___HEAD: @realDonaldTrump @EdandBev lyin ass nigga  Why does Paula D get destroyed and you can use the N word so freely, asshole?
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it!
@Leigh26Heather Savannah, work hard in school!
@Wasted_Talent19: @realDonaldTrump congrats on winning the lawsuit in Chicago   Thanks
The Presidentu2019s speech was very combative toward Republicansu2014they have obviously not earned his respect!
@GenuineAccess: @realDonaldTrump Booked VIP clients to playing at the Trump Course in Palos Verdes fnn #  Great-best course in California!
But @mcuban is physically weak, he has no clubhead speed or game!
u201cYou can attack, defend, counterattack, sell or ignore. u201d-Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election
@pellscuse11  Happy Birthday
Life always presents new opportunities you would never expect. I hosted @WrestleMania &amp; then I starred in one, which sold most PPVs.
The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!
All-Star @ApprenticeNBC has done the impossible. TV's greatest villain @OMAROSA &amp; @THEGaryBusey are in competition. Fireworks!
.@Deadspin guys are total losersu2014they had their story stolen right from under their bad complexionsu2014other media capitalized!
Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected.
I will be doing @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 ou2019clock. Will be interesting and tough!
@piano807  Thanks!
@Miranda_Diplo              nI like Hilary Clinton. She is very admirable. But @realDonaldTrump is our nation's answer. Thanks.
Why does @KarlRove lie about his Reagan credentials? 
u201c@realDonaldTrump: I would like to extend my best wishes to all, even the haters and losers, on this special date, September 11th.u201d
@AmbeyLambey: I love when @realDonaldTrump tells everyone the truth about America. #RunForPresident
@mackette52: Doesn't surprise me @DanAmira from @NYMag is a frequent guest on @msnbc both entities no ethics + no morals = no ratings.
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
Via @successmagazine by @MikeSeemuth: u201cTrump Poweru201d 
Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today.
@JediJerad  Thanks Jedi.
@thegroveguru: @realDonaldTrump Could you imagine Bill Belichek broadcasting to Tom Coughlin exactly when and where he was going to blitz?
China is buying our shale and gas fields 
@ShawnaTova @lovemyklr So nice, thanks!
@ctobin22: @realDonaldTrump if u were to suggest 1 most important thing to president Obama would b??  Leadership!
GOPers eye Donald Trump for governor run 
@513pango That's really nice--good luck!
@samahDanash: Every time I read a chapter it gives me a push and brings positive energy to my life. Think big @realDonaldTrump
@unique4x  Thanks.
@fournier_ian: @realDonaldTrump Is it better to rent a house or buy a house these days? Much respect  Buy in great location, low interest.
@JulieWind: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump I just love your show. I have seen every season!! Thanks it is great entertainment! Julie Wind Love
@juliar1206: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for you too! I work for the welfare dept &amp; I've never seen so many people on it. It should not be.
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn
@Cgroll33 Totally!
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @Vinny_Titone I think he'll lead the polls like last time- it will be a healthy victory for Trump
@MayaAlusik: @realDonaldTrump @DannyZuker Danny who?
@MichaelScarbrou: @realDonaldTrump Good Job Donald. I'll call NBC a see if they'll giv you Leno's spot..lol
@pjkorman @ClutchBa11er Great wife!
Pervert alert--serial sexter @repweiner is polling to test the waters for NYC political run. 
@adkradio Thanks and good luck.
Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent.  Always think big!
@timallensblues @afrodeziak @DanAmira @NYMag guys like that will watch everything burn down around them before they admit they were wrong.
Congrats @adamcarolla on #RoadHard raising $1M on @fundanything, a record.
@whalinn5. No but thanks.
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
@cynstweet: @realDonaldTrump Wrapping the @realDonaldTrump collection shirts &amp; ties I bought at #Macys. Gorgeous Christmas gifts! Great!
@DavisCPAGroup: @realDonaldTrump playing pine hill for pops day.  Enjoy it!
@Desiree_Barela: You're making deals with non-deal-makers. @realDonaldTrump on the U.S. government.  And that is a real problem!
@tommo1903 Thanks Craig!
@swanky_HEC: @realDonaldTrump: Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Make d move
@MJGrilliot. Thanks.
@kpelkey7: @realDonaldTrump I'm not a friend nor an enemy, just an admirer! Merry Christmas to you!  You also, thanks!
@TonyCinMo: u201c@realDonaldTrump: Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.u201d
@theFAMiLYLEADER  Thank you, I had an amazing time!
Naghmeh Abedini, the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail, just left my office. #savesaeed
@Travianno   Thanks!
#HasJustineLandedYet- Justine, what the hell are you doing, are you crazy? Not nice or fair! I will support @AidForAfrica. Justine is FIRED!
@Redcoat_Overkil: @realdonaldtrump But his hair is real!  So is mine, asshole!
@AENMAD: @realDonaldTrump will you be running for president or is it all talk?  Time will tell!
@jpickering1                     n@realDonaldTrump How long until a Trump Golf Course hosts a major? Very soon!
@coolboybrand: @realDonaldTrump they were wildin, they were creating a nuisance..and they were viciously attacking and robbing people?
@2p2TrollCat: @realDonaldTrump Why do you hate so many people?  I don't, I love people!
@kaiser1859: @realDonaldTrump what is the solution Mr Trump? LEADERSHIP!
Despite all the statements to the contrary, Obamau2019s policies will increase taxes on everyone 
u201cOur Constitution was made only for a moral &amp; religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.u201d-- John Adams
@Miranda_Diplo: @realDonaldTrump IS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT. ACCEPT IT.
@sufferlonger: @DavidFulop: @realDonaldTrump -- Work hard and love what you do! -- I left corporate, became a fireman at 37.  GREAT!
Well-maintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate. -- The Art of the Deal
I sure hope the sexting pervert Anthony Weiner runs for mayor.  Will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated.
The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Premieres March 3rd on @NBC!
@arid93  They should have stopped paying him a long time ago.
u201cBig jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.u201d - Theodore Roosevelt
@Laker_Steve   Thanks Steve!
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction, always watch the money!
@jeulrich: @RealDonaldTrump is far nicer and real on Letterman than he is on twitter  Interesting!
@_jacksmith96: @realDonaldTrump played your course today in Aberdeen!! amazing, best course I've ever seen.  Thanks.
@pokerswayne  Wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me!
@QQueenLLouise: @realDonaldTrump They put U on SO EARLY! Shows disrespect!  No, 7.00 is the best time for morning television.
@A_Beil   Thanks Andrew!
On the sands of Playa Brava, waves will reflect on walls &amp; circular architecture of Trump Tower Punta del Este 
@noturbine:  @realDonaldTrump Wind turbines kill up to 39 million birds a year, Industry hides evidence of kills 
@ErolYalim  Thanks Erol.
@MasterSasser: @realDonaldTrump when are we going to have a PGA tour event @TrumpGolfDC ? Best course I've ever played. Very soon!
As I told everyone once before, Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly, there is no cure
With proper thinking and leadership, we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less
@grant_wyeth  Thanks Grant.
Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!
@lizzyOconnor: @realDonaldTrump is just amazing, made my night watching him on letterman ! #trumpnationaldoral !!  Thanks Lizzy!
The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!
@Jack_Whiteman: @realDonaldTrump All I want for Christmas is more of your ties, great quality!  Thanks!
@MichaelRhorer @billmaher  Thanks.
@paulysouffle: I have to admit @realDonaldTrump motivates the hell out of me. #smallbiz #leader  That's great, go get 'em!
So, a woman in Chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble!
Guess what, folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again. What a disaster.
@DavidAGoodman: @realDonaldTrump:How can General Dempsey tell Obama delaying Syria bombardment will have no consequences?  He's no Patton!
@scottymcd1980   A round of golf compliments of me: Trump National Golf Club--Los Angeles.   n
@karenh129: @realDonaldTrump @kathykphillips if u ran for President how will u get your ideas passed by senate &amp; congress? It's leadership!
@kayvbb              n@realDonaldTrump @NaghmehAbedini Thank you for raising awareness on her plight!! My honor.
.@DLoesch played great audio from my @CPACnews press conference on her radio show.  Glad she made it!
President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that portend?
How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison?
@caitconn: On a serious note @realDonaldTrump's tweets are genius. One of the smartest people! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8  Thank you, very nice!
State Senator Shirley Huntley ratted on black politicians &amp; was believed--when she ratted on @AGSchneiderman, nobody listened. Racism!
@littllow  Not great!
@joemillerwired @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks.
@Bayojay: u201c@realDonaldTrump: If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough. -- Mario Andrettiu201du201d
@stantheman74: @realDonaldTrump mr. Trump, sir; you are a living legend and a living role model, please keep the amazing work up.So nice!
Do  not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a  trail.n--Ralph  Waldo Emerson
@dany8ro: Aha RT @realDonaldTrump: You have good taste! @JayRobby: I love Bill Gates and Warren Buffet and Donald Trump. I so love them.
@VinceMirabelli @TrumpLasVegas Thanks!
@MikeMessina_: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for the @ApprenticeNBC tomorrow!!!!! Thanks Mike.
@ilpostio  That's why I'll never be Pope!
@AdamScott is a great guy and player!
@ImSoCelebrity: It just seems like a tweet from @realDonaldTrump will inspire the person to achieve great things. That's just my belief.WOW
@psu_rebot: RT @millman85: @realDonaldTrump you could put #PennState in this same category! #Settlers #SoftTarget @psu_rebot  TRUE-WEAK!
Does anyone agree with Marilu that Gary, while 'adorable', is a distraction?
@mister_deleon: @realDonaldTrump You are a tough #SOB but you have been a game-changer for years. Much respect. Thank you !
@misskhan  Thank you.
Anne Hathaway is a good winner!
@PZoric: @realDonaldTrump rather watch season 7 of #theapprentice
@Buford330Leon: @realDonaldTrump @craigdevlin @11sheila11 Jon Stewart is not a match, Go Mr Trump.  Thanks, I will.
@camiladerosax: favorite family will always be the trumps @realdonaldtrump          Thanks.
@becca110611: @realDonaldTrump is literally the appitamy of amazing! Gotta love himu2764ufe0f  Thank you Becca.
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful, Mister.
@ElishaNEWS  Thanks.
Fernando, thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love @SOFLAGOLF!
@ukn96: @realDonaldTrump If two of your competitors were at war, would you let them destroy each other? Or would you back one?
My @foxandfriends interview discussing Pres. Obamau2019s inauguration, @GOP debt plan &amp; @CelebApprentice #1 branding 
The Republicans look so weak and foolishu2014what the hell are they doing?
@rodmonium91 Probably Mark.
@DennyHuntington                     n@foxandfriends I look forward to you on Mondays! Always insightful conversations Thanks
So much for u2018global warming.u2019 Earth is cooling at a record pace 
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new allies in Egypt, the Muslim Brotherhood, just called the Holocaust a myth 
@calebjofficial: @realDonaldTrump your wisdom surpasses all representing this country! I pray you run!  Thanks, we can all use the prayers
@Eamyoncanoe  Cute boy, nice.
Donald Trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the White House tours. 
@_TrevorJames: I'd work for @realDonaldTrump for free  I love that!
Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai.  Will be spectacular.
The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong, who is being sued by everyone in the world, &amp; Michael Douglas.
I donu2019t like bullies.  I am not going to stand around and watch @KarlRove target the Tea Party.  Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.
Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?
@KelBug99   HI!
@PIERPAOLOMONNI So true!
Bottom line, I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin, a very dangerous lifeline at that!
@kevcur8: @realDonaldTrump @WashTimes @EmilyMiller If anyone could start a 3rd party in govt it is U...just do it..build it they will come.
Class of 2013. #WWEHOF 
The  White House Correspondents' dinner was so boring this year- I guess thatu2019s because I didnu2019t attend(even... 
@BretBaier  You are doing really great - keep it up (of which I have no doubt).
@TheCleverLoop  True!
.@LilJon once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC. Great job!
Obama just bought the Afghan Police $288M in ammo 
@scdtan: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Very classy stuff mr.trump great christmas gifts.  True and thanks!
China controls North Korea. So now besides cyber hacking us all day, they are using the Norks to taunt us.  China is a major threat.
u201cThe difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.u201d - Albert Einstein
@eyesinburgh: You've really got the world by the ass, don't you? says Letterman to @realDonaldTrump. Classic
Maybe @THEGaryBusey should stick to words... vs. barking. Heu2019s got a definite talent when he wants to use it. #CelebApprentice
@brandongersh: @realDonaldTrump Why did you go to Wharton did you not get into Harvard?  Wharton is better for business than Harvard!
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see, Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
Great to see @SarahPalinUSA back on @FoxNews. She's a wonderful woman and commentator.
Assad will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse.
We have the Final Sixu2014and @LilJon is the last remaining member of Team Power. Heu2019s done a great job. #CelebApprentice
Penn Jillette shows his dark side in new crowdfunded film Directoru2019s Cut 
@peterjsteele: @realDonaldTrump Love to hear your thoughts on idiot Alex Rodriguez. I hope he gets run out of New York. He will be!
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent.  He was also a decent man.  We will all miss him.
Wow, the ALIS just nominated my purchase of Doral in Miami as Transaction of the Yearu2014thanks!
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.
Not only is @Toure a racist (and boring), he's a really dumb guy!
We should not cut any aid to Egypt.  Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.
@Chuckdhere So true!
Itu2019s trueu2014@dennisrodman gets the comeback of the year award. I didnu2019t like having to fire him. #CelebApprentice
@jon_fullerton   No, the Chinese will make them!
@JNorr11  Many thanks.
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life!
Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fear,we are a NATION OF POTENTIAL
@Greek_Boy_21 Thanks, what a mess.
@trevordebus: @realDonaldTrump Why is Apprentice 2 full hours now? Ratings problems prompt NBC to end the season early? No dope,opposite!
@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump Clear path to WH in '16. Americans very dissatisfied not just w economy but decline in CULTURE. U R only1
I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National  Doral in Miami. They are smart, hard working and great
Today, Judge St. Eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by Goldberg in Chicago.  The case is now officially overu2026
@dennisrodman @ApprenticeNBC Dennis--you were great--thanks!
@Cokokkola: @realDonaldTrump has a much higher IQ than idiot Lord Sugar- that's why he has much more money!  True on both fronts!
@AKudej25: @realDonaldTrump We wont see REAL change unless you become President! #PleaseRun #2016  True!
The Trump Organization is going revolutionize Rio de Janeirou2019s downtown port area with Trump Towers. Construction begins soon!
The interview was great for @Oprah and terrible for Lance Armstrong!
.@hardball_chris  is a really dumb guy(and I know him well)u2014thatu2019s why he works swimmingly with our leaders in Washington.
@JAW44444: @realDonaldTrump best season of @CelebApprentice yet! Great television! :-)
@KiltedKrew Thank you.
@ptmaher1: @realDonaldTrump visited your Winery in Charlottesville VA today. Amazing!  Thanks.
@axelpals Be prepared to go it alone--being an entrepreneur is not, initially, a group effort. Keep your focus. Read Midas Touch.
u201cDo not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.u201d u2013 Pres. John F. Kennedy
@SScottlilly80: @realDonaldTrump Run for president we need someone to stand up china and Russia. They laugh at us now. They do laugh!
Do you think @THEGaryBusey will be able to u201cstep upu201d as PM?  I know @lisarinna is hoping so. #CelebApprentice
@paul1994loan Chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. Yes, it's doing well! Thanks.
u201cYou have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. Think big, but be realistic.u201d u2013 Think Big
u201cYou can have the most wonderful product in the world, but if people donu2019t know about it, itu2019s not worth much.u201d - The Art of the Deal
@Sam_Kotowski: Once again @realDonaldTrump does a great job on Fox News w/ Greta. Run for president! RT I'm a huge fan!!! Thank you!
@Phil_Grech Your not free, you'll never be free. You'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
Good advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:nKnow everything you can about what you're doing.
@DellaAdame Much worse!
@markmcco: @realDonaldTrump all accidents should require a drug test.  True!
While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie, I mean statement, on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so forthright
@MikeMuckleroy                     n@realDonaldTrump @AmSpec That is a reward that is WELL DESERVED. Thanks.
@KillngAmerJobs   They will mostly vote for Dems.
@BeaumontAnthony Thanks Anthony.
@sonaderi: @realDonaldTrump You are the sum of everything I despise.  Who cares!
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing!
It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
Teu2019ou2019s imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all timeu2014or heu2019s very stupid.
@J_R_II: @realDonaldTrump you were awesome! Honest, personable, intelligent! Thanks!
Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street!
@leebandoni: @realDonaldTrump for once the UK has seen sense and not been dragged into this. They were, for once, very smart!
u201cDonald Trump on u2018cliffu2019: u2018Other countries are eating our lunchu2019u201d 
@KBetter52 Thank you.
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley. @MIGOP is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam
.@Omarosa on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? Thatu2019s a credentialu2026 #CelebApprentice
@WRNSR: @realDonaldTrump Negotiations are non-existant, Obama needs to be sent a copy of The Art of the Deal (Maybe autographed)
@LoomisEvan: @realDonaldTrump we need a president who is successful and has a ton of common sense. Tht is u Mr. Trump!
Merry Christmas, have an amazing day!
@JosephMouser: @realDonaldTrump get it right its carlos danger Even the last name Wiener uses is sick!
@jm_fig: @realDonaldTrump any prediction if the NYY will be in 1st again?  No, they will not!
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie
Always pretend that you're working for yourself. You'll do a wonderful job. It's simple, but it works. - Think Like a Billionaire
If you canu2019t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. Every change is a new opportunity to use your talent.
@MartinFagervik  Win!
@tjstoudt                     nI really want @realDonaldTrump to speak at Liberty University convocation again. Great school.
@the_Larkinater: @realDonaldTrump I play hockey at Lasker! Thanks for an amazing outside rink in the best city in the world!
@sally_lawson: @realDonaldTrump love the phrase the harder I work, the luckier I get great book Donald
@PolitiGal2012: Hey @realDonaldTrump how come no #globalwarming #climatechange talk this week? Heat 10 years ago was far worse!
@nmbr8 @CelebApprentice  Thanks Deanna.
My interview w/ @nbc6 re: @CadillacChamp &amp; my $200M of future renovations invested in Trump @DoralResort 
@bvogel56   I never went bankrupt - just like Buffett, Icahn, Kravis and Paulson - as you know!
@GZervs: @realDonaldTrump why would Howard ever want to play for the loser owner Cuban ?  I guess he didn't!
Via @inventorspot by Myra Per-Lee: u201cGot A Great Idea? Get Donald Trump To Fund Itu201d  
Without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything!
@SMK4ye  Good goal.
u201cA failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat.u201d u2013 Think Big
The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!
@DannyZuker: @AndyRichter I have to be honest. I think I'm starting not to like the guy. Actually Danny, you would like me very much!
Upstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt.
#TBT @DonaldJTrumpJr, @IvankaTrump, @EricTrump, and I 20 years ago- 
@ahm1038  They just acted but it was Obama that promised!
@underworldfilms Thank you!
#TheView Lots of fun on @TheViewTV with @JennyMcCarthy and n@SherriEShepherd-n
@TLoUTEngineer  Thanks.
@mala13slp @BarackObama  True!
@roysj   Unlike you, stupid, I became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell &amp; false low int.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. --Benjamin Franklin
The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool, great guy. I'm going to send him $10, 000-he deserves it!
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @djkevritch  im proud to be scottish, but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills
@tlbasnight: @realDonaldTrump you are that Leader. Think about it.  Thanks.
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off.
u201cMost people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winningu201d The Art of the Deal
@clstromgren Many people have said that.
Watch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w/ @rosannascotto and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude
@phillykayman @sternshow  Thanks Andrew.
@Read_N_Learn: @realDonaldTrump first day at Doral was awesome; greens looked perfect. Can't wait to see the course after your changes
@pizzaman77 In retrospect I agree with you.
Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20, 000 troops there for many more years, fully paid for by the U.S., but first they want apology.
@sundayhorse  Thanks.
George also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! #CelebApprentice
Next year @TomBrokaw should be the comedian at the White House Correspondentsu2019 dinner. The only problem is that... 
@anchantra  Thanks--the big question is why!
Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid, not fixed, in your expectations.
I canu2019t believe he would choose @OMAROSA as his first choice! She is hard to handle. #CelebApprentice
@msaid10: @realDonaldTrump you're a role model to millions, we love you Mr. Trump  Thanks Mohamed.
@blakemharris   But they are the folks I like the best - by far!
@Ghetto_Trophy: @realDonaldTrump how are you a billionaire?  You mean ten times over hater (loser).
@pusspuss09   Thanks, Country is in trouble.
Great victory for people of Blackdog, Scotland. They defeated substation, stopping inefficient &amp; ugly wind turbines.@AlexSalmond
Boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #CelebApprentice
@MyLifeIsLibby: @realDonaldTrump you seem like the only one who can fix this mess! Run for office!
@Illuminati6sep: @realDonaldTrump , you should be President . Save America  Thank you!
Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
@leahanddean: @realDonaldTrump @kosstar @DannyZuker Mr Trump for president  Thanks D.
@Jake_Clegg81: @realDonaldTrump is the man! @TheApprentice9 is the best show on TV!  Thanks!
@LinRo_2: @realDonaldTrump When are you going to buy a pro sports team?  Too many other things to do!
@JamieeMingg: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE YOU DJT SR FOR PRESIDENT 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks!
@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump please say it isn't so and Apprentice is not cancelled  Thanks and sleep well tonight!
@LCBeaudoin   Big Second Amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine.
@queenof72: @realDonaldTrump u should have run for president. our country is in a mess  Much bigger than you know!
@DonaldJChump   Stupid, they tried that with The Benefactor and Mark went splat!
According to new employment numbers, 296,000 Americans have dropped out of the work force &amp; gave up looking for work.
Free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation, but for life satisfaction. - Arthur C. Brooks
Looks like @bwilliams is having some problems with his Rock Center with Brian Williams show--I hate to see such bad ratings for @NBC.
@Cletendre21 @LetendreLarry But not hard enough--good luck Chris.
@MysticWolf12001 Thanks.
Thanks to Donald Trump 
@Omaha_Tiger: @realDonaldTrump - how do you deal with idiots on daily basis?  Ignore them.
Jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work!  Congratulations to the jury on a job well done!  Now, will it be life or death?
@cr7oned: @realDonaldTrump people are going to trash you even though you were right! Sickens me  Thank you, and Wiener will do it again!
u201cThe most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.u201d - Peter Drucker
@DohaBen I will be there soon!
@CDaeda @RSPBScotland @Natures_Voice No way, they are bird killing machines.
@Armani_G_ @theRealKiyosaki Great!
I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!
@Phyneguy2013: I have always been a strong follower of your teachings. I don't know why u have started being so negative.  I haven't!
@SissyRichQueenb: Can't wait to Watch #IDreamofNene tonight I no @realDonaldTrump will give @NeNeLeakes some good Advice @Bravotv  WATCH!
In case you missed it, my @gretawire interview on Obama's IRA rate cut hurting savings &amp; economic growth 
@ArsenioHall   After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me, in tears, that I would be his first guest if he got a show. No interest!
.@ewanshearer  Happy Birthday
@pastapp: @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE MY HERO!!!! I'm going into business because of you! I'm changing my name to Donald!  Cute!
@stenbizzle @Tomdoggy Thanks--has been great for Scotland.
@vikinggroup1  True!
Whether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself, money, like anything, takes maintenance &amp; planning to grow.
@MichaelPMulhall @CNBC I don't think he can!
WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF!
.@TrumpLasVegas was just rated u201cBest Room Serviceu201d in LV by The Daily Meal. Congrats to my Las Vegas staff! 
In my office with Banana Joe, who just won the @WKCDOGS at @MSGnyc. 
Great boardroom. #CelebApprentice
@30carguy: @realDonaldTrump could you do a better job??  YES!
@SnarfGuard: @realDonaldTrump is responding so... I remember meeting him when i was a valet at #Trump National in NJ before it opened. Wow
@B3kz0r  Many people agree!
Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times, far more than Sec. of State or Defense. What a big story this is!
NY should frack now. Whatu2019s the hold up? Is Albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
#TBT At the US Open Tennis Tournament with @EricTrump- see same hairstyle! 
u201cDo your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.u201d - Andrew Carnegie
Looking forward to hosting @NaghmehAbedini next week @TrumpTowerNY. The White House has  abandoned her husband, Christian Pastor Abedini.
.@mcuban is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. He's just a weak man with a big mouth!
Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp; prestige to N.Y.C.!
Just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in E. Hampton, my portrait by artist William Quigley topped  list at $60K
Ask yourself, is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit.
@JarrodRyanZA: @realDonaldTrump Are you actually going to go for #2016 elections? If so you have my support!   Thank you!
Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - NEVER ENDING COLD
Via @BreitbartNewsu2019 @biggovt: u201cWAR! TRUMP, LEVIN PUMMEL ROVE AS CONSERVATIVE BATTLE ESCALATESu201d 
Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago, she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages
@PCornibe: @realDonaldTrump You are a genuine compassionate man. Loved the show last night. Thanks Peggy.
@AllenWronowski: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @TrumpGolfDC Have created something very special. #2103juniorPGA best ever is the word here.
@smccauley1972: @realDonaldTrump played National Bedminster today. Not sure what to say beside spectacular course and even better service
@cakeladyconnie: @realDonaldTrump I bet the Russian leaders wouldn't taunt you...just sayin'  They would not!
u201cWhat you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.u201d- Think Big
Keep Wednesday morning free. You will want to see this!
@KJLLeonard Thanks!
A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise!
@Trapp_Era: A bottle of wine, reading @realDonaldTrump :Art of the Deal, jamming Jay Z ....Perfect night!  Very cute!
@karlrove is a total loser...save your money!
u201cBeing true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@toyeenb @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  True!
My @OraTV #Politicking interview w/@kingsthings on the govt. shutdown, ObamaCare, Putin, 2016 and @TrumpDoral 
@JamesMattiske: @realDonaldTrump the haters are just jelous because they are not successful like you  The haters are losers with no guts!
@GregMazares  My honor, thanks!
There are great campaigns on @fundanything 
@BBKdayspa: @realDonaldTrump: I'm busy reading 'The Midas Touch' and its so inspiring! Thank you Donald Trump and Robert Kiyosaki.
@AsadTMoosvi: @realDonaldTrump What's one advice you'd give to an aspiring entrepreneur?  Work hard and love what you do-never give up!
@Brendaswigert: @realDonaldTrump I value your opinion. I value your wisdom from experience and education. You have so much to offer! Thanks
When we have big disasters, no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!
With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in New York and New Jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
@SavingNancy: .@realDonaldTrump we raised $60K+ in two months for Nancy and today she officially beat Leukemia ! WAY TO GO NANCY!
@FunkynFortunate: @realDonaldTrump ...but we're paying Lois Lerner.  Very cute!
Press conference after CPAC speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters.
Situated in the heart of downtown Toronto, the 65 story @TrumpTO offers an elegant and wonderful lifestyle 
@39caroline: @realDonaldTrump @HuffingtonPost @ariannahuff all good cos I dont read huffington post. Its garbage   It is failing badly!
A lot of comments re @MELANIATRUMP vs. Milania last week. I think spelling has taken on a new significance. #CelebApprentice
@phickeyma:  When I come home from work my Twitter page is filled with Donald Trump tweets...Love reading them...So Bold &amp; Truthful.
@InNovember2012: @realDonaldTrump Why can't this president do ANYTHING right? He's such a disaster! A fair question!
@HumorInstitute: I could sleep tonight if you told me we will see @TheRealRoseanne on Celebrity Apprentice before I die.She would be great
New and great selection of ties, shirts and cufflinks@Macy's - check them out!
@Meaghan08: @realDonaldTrump Ate the best steak of my life at your Trump Hotel in Waikiki, Hawaii. Tremendous service and menu! Mahalo!
@HelmJoshua   Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill.
I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words, day after day, from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK!
I am very proud of my friend @OMAROSA. Despite her recent loss,she gracefully performs in the upcoming All-Star @ApprenticeNBC
Via @Mediaite: Donald Trump Trashes 'Tacky,' 'Boring' Oscars, Blasts 'Racist' Django Unchained 
@CShanton: @realDonaldTrump wish we had politicians that were like you... Maybe the we could cut some debt then. #2016  Thanks!
@PattyMSink: @realDonaldTrump Please, please, please consider running in the 2016 Presidential election. We need business savvy (you)Thanks
@ShaPaliath: Spent some time at Trump Hollywood this weekend. Absolutely stunning &amp; the staff were awesome Mr. @realDonaldTrump  Thanks
An iconic building and top tourist attraction, @TrumpTowerNY sets New York Cityu2019s luxury standard 
@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump It continues to amaze me how losers just can't stand your success, DJ. But success is the best revenge
Remember, NBC increased Celebrity Apprentice to 2 hours starting this Sunday night at 9 P.M. through end of season-great news for App lovers
@FemiAdebanji: I like thinking big. If youu2019re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. u2013 Donald Trump
u201cWe have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.u201d - Milton Friedman
If I'd started in business thinking I knew everything, I'd have been sunk before I got started. - Think Like a Champion
@uptownfrills  True!
Guess who is talking to @MissUniverse at @TrumpTowerNY? Not terrible hair! 
We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment!
@JaminCoolJ                  n@realDonaldTrump Donald, out of all the resorts you own, which do you consider the best? I'd better not say!
Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.  Dale Carnegie
@RogerLMenard: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump please keep up the great work on all fronts...Your an inspiration to everyone. Thank you!
For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack, please remember the late, great Charles Bronson-no more crime!
@angrycrank: @realDonaldTrump You are a terrible human being.  That's only because you don't know me!
@ali_nugent  Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all!
My @foxandfriends interview on risk  for @GOP on immigration, wasting money in Middle East &amp; firing @OMAROSA  
@FatmaEmadi Thank you.
@cmtoms101 @RightWingB Thanks, enjoy.
2nd segment of my @seanhannity @FoxNews interview discussing @billmaher's insult of parents and sending him $5M bill 
@lbenson3 You're right, it's beautiful--thanks!
26,000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report).
Who would really believe I would say such a thing about a guy I truly liked, James Gandolfini.  Sadly, very sick people use my name.
@Bill_Collector_: @realDonaldTrump we need you as the next president! Your a winner!!!  Thank you.
@faykellytuncay: LORDS OF WINDFARMS: How Britainu2019s richest landowners are making millions from turbines 
.@hardball_chris became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the money--and on @MSNBC thatu2019s the way it is.
@samijok: @realDonaldTrump do you think #JodiArias is guilty? Yes, no doubt
@Arjuwan. Great and thanks.
@djRandyRan Happy Birthday.
Still waiting to hear from @billmaher. Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity.
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes  on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!
President Obama wants to change the name of the White House because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
To all of those who asked, I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight?
From the great author of Rich Dad, Poor Dad-- Robert Kiyosaki-- here is a very nice article. 
@ChristineJude   Thanks Christine, very nice!
I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay
@borich1970: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on raising $13 million total for charity. Best Live Finale ever!! Looking forward to next season.
.@stuartpstevens did a horrible job for Mittu2014is a refund in order? Sadly, Stuart is a disaster!
When I say I would end Obamacare, I would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
@stevebickerton2: @realDonaldTrump @RyanSeanHeron I know he supports others and he does not want or get in the news papers for it Thanks.
@Freesprite2: @realDonaldTrump @bluejoni like your golf course, which they fought tooth and nail!   And it's setting records, thanks!
@LoadedNightclub. Thanks.
I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp; go on to victory!
Be sure to listen to my interview on tonightu2019s @SteveDeaceShow.  Steve is a terrific guy!
Via @theblaze: Donald Trump on how Rubio should have drank his water 
@Riddzey32: @BarackObama 2-Day is #CoachLombardi 100th B-Day! Research him &amp; learn how to be a #TrueLeader @realDonaldTrump  Great coach!
@ClemensIsland13   Have a great time-happy birthday!
@Ter2885: @realDonaldTrump just bought one for my son's bday celebration to Vegas! #gorgeous Great!
Via @Newsmax_Media: Trump: Americans 'Desperate for Leadership' 
@AnthonyNoTweet  Make sure you are doing what you love to do. You need passion to keep you going.
u201cHow much money can you stand to lose? Thatu2019s how much risk you should assume.u201d u2013   Think Like a Billionaire
@billmaher: With the cast from Friday's Real Time - and now I'm in Springfield, Mass for standup tonight-and Bill, you totally bombed-BAD
It was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @ApprenticeNBC last nightu2014he has come a long way and for the good!
The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself, the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge!
@TheCanta: @realDonaldTrump Will next @WrestleMania be #trumped? Only if Vince wants to break our ratings and pay-per-view record!
@SirMiestro: S/O TO MY MAN @realDonaldTrump ....#SALUTE 
Re Kerry admitting to u201cworkingu201d for Pastor Abediniu2019s release--why has US already released Iranian spies &amp; nuclear scientist? Dumb!
Fox and Friends
@heyavampirebat Good idea--I wish him luck.
@mikeoconnell10: @realDonaldTrump I played your course in the NJ Mid Am this week. It couldn't have been better. Perfect?  Thanks Mike.
@OJOsborn: @realDonaldTrump I am one of them fools. The presidents heart in right place  WRONG, he knowingly lied - bad intentions!
@_msccc  Thanks.
What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge? 
@cphily4u: @realDonaldTrump ...you always speak the truth!!! #nobulldonald!!!!
@carlotalorenabr Thanks.
It is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people!
@LefteyDowns @austinroneil Great!
@SPORTSGURU77: @realDonaldTrump who's Chris Jackson? A total loser but a loyal follower!
@QFiveFarms Thanks and true!
@kiki_Mrizqullah: @realDonaldTrump who is your inspiration?   My father!
@AxlRose1996   Stephen, that's right...and someone who is really smart!
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
@michaltellos: @realDonaldTrump @NYMag Subscribing to that trash to begin with would be your first mistake.  It is failing fast!
Re: Negotiation: View any conflict as an opportunity. Be a diplomat as much as possible.
@FransiscoMlaza: @realDonaldTrump Rich people are rich because they solve difficult problems ~ Donald Trump
@__Bolt   That could happen, he is terrific!
@tonytan0.  Thanks Tony.
@chucktodd @meetthepress @jack_welch Chuck--very fair, best wishes!
@angie_ncislover  Have a happy one!
@Gene_Valin   Thank you.
@BenCooner @RED931FM @SCOTTHALLNWO @Jassisidhu @b_coalition @WWE @0 Happy Birthday Sarina.
@JayLefler: @realDonaldTrump Putin is much smarter than Obama. No surprise his tactics.
@Madrina26: @realDonaldTrump Any chance you'll change your mind and run for President? #GotMyVote  Time will tell!
Mr. President, it is time to lead on the Korean crisis.  Make a statement from the Rose Garden and send a strong message to the man child!
@MaxVayner: @realDonaldTrump(?) Do you have the guts to debate Jon Stewart?  He would never do it, he couldn't use his writers.
Instead of attacking me, Ashish J. Thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing Uganda 
I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceilingu2014I am a Republican &amp; I am embarrassed!
... to OPEC countries that hate our guts.  Itu2019s stupid policy.u201d- Time To Get Tough
@WWinmill: @realDonaldTrump Canada loves you Donald! Thanks!
Via @FOXSports: Trump 'blowing up' @DoralResort after WGC-@CadillacChamp 
l still think @Boeing should just bite the bullet &amp; get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem!
@lil_borto: I said this last year, but Ill say it again.. @realDonaldTrump should be president. This man knows his shit!
@CrystalLee1971:  then please fire the hell out of some of these pathetic leaches up there in DC! You do it better than anyone else!.
@Klassnik                      ni survive on bread, water and @realDonaldTrump's essential tweets  Great!
@DigGower @piersmorgan @DailyMirror @guardian 4th now! David should have seen his interview with @realDonaldTrump truly amazing.
@DJ_DFunk: Can't wait to hear @realDonaldTrump speak at the PGA Jr. Championship in a couple weeks at his course in Washington DC!  Great.
So we can spy on our allyu2019s leaders but canu2019t water board terrorists?
@dhowejr7: @realDonaldTrump @graeme123s jUST WANTED TO SAY THANKYOU. YOUR A GREAT MAN  Thank you!
The Council is concerned over the health &amp; safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
@LBabcock2: We've been covered through my husbands job for 40 years with excellent ins. Next year it all changes
@CockyCam: Don't care what you say, @realDonaldTrump is spot on with his comments on Gov. Issues! Keeps it real and honest! #respect Best!
@Dskoon152_part2: Doing Greta tonight ... I bet her husband is pissed at you ! @realDonaldTrump Yes, but she is very happy!
.@mcuban has less TV persona than  any other person I can think of. Heu2019s an arrogant, crude, dope who met some very stupid people...
@carlyvowell   Tell your friends son - YOU'RE FIRED TUMOR!
u201cYou're never a loser until you quit trying.u201d - Mike Ditka
@CreelKen  Hope I do well!
China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp; laugh at us!
@Toure  Dumb as a rock Toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.Really bad ratings,really stupid guy
@MatthewSmales1   Thank you!
Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M.
Surprising a future Nobel prize winner on todayu2019s @KatieShow:  
@FilmRod83: @realDonaldTrump What house makes your cologne? I'm going to Macy's to get a few of your ties and cologne! The best! Thanks!
@catmos0: @realDonaldTrump You are a brilliant Business man! The US needs your skills to become great!! Trump for President.  Thank you!
@EdandBev: @realDonaldTrump when do you expect the course to be finished?  November.
@TheGrumpyHusky: @realDonaldTrump He's too late on fixing America. That'll be your priority once you take over office in 2016 Sir.
@DanAmira   Apology accepted.
Ms. Goldberg &amp; her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. They should pay me damages!
@MistRusso: @realDonaldTrump those are the ppl that can't handle the truth. Great job at forcing his hand like only The Trump can do!!!
u2018Moderateu2019 Repubs plotting against @GOP strategy have short term memories. Tea Party gave them majority in House &amp; primaries aren't fun.
Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for @yankees.  Derek is a true champion.
My @showbiztonight interview on @KhloeKardashian, @ApprenticeNBC &amp; my surprising TV career 
@DeannaSpillyard: @realdonaldtrump You are a very wise man Mr. T! Love your tweets.  Thanks.
Via @WWE: Donald Trump announced for WWE Hall of Fame 
.@FoxNews legal analyst &amp; former prosecutor @kimguilfoyle destroyed hack Schneidermanu2019s suit on @FNTheFive yesterday.Sheu2019s very sharp!
It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the war thing right now!
We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
u201cAttitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.u201d - Winston Churchill
Must read editorial today about lightweight New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? 
@SusieBeatrice1 @leeboggs True, they are being decimated.
@TrumpScotlandu2019s beautiful MacLeod House &amp; Lodge offers luxurious accommodations &amp; dining w/ sea views  
@_Meagann: And @realDonaldTrump reminds me of my Grandpa -the smartest man I know.  Wow, great!
@SteelMagn New York.
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!
@ClutchBa11er: @realDonaldTrump I know you wear mainly Brioni ties. That's wrong, I wear Trump ties that are sold at Macy's.
The bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn. u2013 Anonymous
@m_plem: @realDonaldTrump @lord Do you ever take the high road? When I'm dealing with garbage like @Lord Sugar, NO!
@ricksmi54256322: @realDonaldTrump i can't wait til ur president the world will be a better place If I ran and won, so true (&amp; thanks)!
@thesween_bean Thank you.
@HitTheLights_14: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for 2016!!!! America needs you!!!!#Trump2016  Thank you, what a mess our country is in.
u201cBuild confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successes--there is nothing like winning. -Think Big
@LebaneseKobe: @realDonaldTrump as a Muslim and as an American, i know for a fact that you Mr. Trump respect all people!
Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis.
@JaimeSells: @realDonaldTrump 4 president has my vote! We need financial education in the USA. Go get em D!  Thanks Jaime!
@Phatsdad  Thanks Roger--Ali was and is great!
@entrepreneur: Just for the record @realDonaldTrump has authored more #1 best selling books than @mcuban. #winning  10 to be exact-thanks!
@KrisztinaO: @realDonaldTrump where we going???  If our leaders don't get nuclear weapons under control, the sharks won't have us to eat!
@tinaclean Yes and best wishes.
@MajideDan: @realDonaldTrump But WHY only one hour?! I need my two hours of crazy. #celebapprentice Next week until end increased to 2 hrs
70 stores above Punta Pacifica's pristine peninsula, @TrumpPanama offers fine dining, five pools &amp; luxury rooms 
Never, never, never give up. - Winston Churchill
@WORLD_KIDS: @realDonaldTrump are your sold at .@walmart? .@akmackey  MACY'S!
@AveyahDoesWatch   Thank you.
@ruffff2    Thanks-a great place!
@RocknrollRK: @realDonaldTrump Great appearance on Letterman. Such a great insight. Wish we had more great businessmen like you.
u201cWinning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.u201d - Vince Lombardi
@mfon_essien: One day I'd shake hands with @realDonaldTrump - my business and leadership mentor.  Work hard and good luck!
@EMTgoneNUTZ    Thanks Tanja
@Bugsyfire: @realDonaldTrump You've saved a lot of buildings. developments and ventures.Please save the White House !!  Interesting!
@duqVille: hey @realDonaldTrump i walked into the lobby of trump soho. by far the best hotel and professional staff in nyc.  Thanks!
u201cNever give up on yourself.u201d u2013 Think Big
@StephanieWei: @realDonaldTrump my preview of the course and ribbon cutting in the @wsj today 
@ChristianVaux True--I am the king of eradicating debt--it's easy!
Mark Levin's @marklevinshow 'The Liberty Amendments: Restoring the American Republic is a truly great &amp; important book.
If you think we have a problem with Social Security and Medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
@panchOopanchOo @CelebApprentice  March 3rd.
@mayorgas Thanks!
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that's what makes it an art.
.@morning_joe - Wow - Ticket sales go through the roof after Trump asked to speak at CPAC
@Ferretti911 Keep your focus and never give up.
@HarryCraig96 @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks!
Dangerous. While Obama is cutting down our military, China has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers 
@TaylorSangOrDie Focus on your goals, work hard and never give up. Good luck!
@imanthonyholmes: I've always looked up to @realDonaldTrump. Business and Politics! He's the man!  Thank you!
Pervert Weiner is dead in his race for mayor of NYC but WOW, Eliot Spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. SLEAZE!
Not believable that Manti Teu2019o was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. He is either very stupid....
Have confidence, work hard, and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind.
Little @MacMiller sent me an expensive plaque for making his song u201cDonald Trumpu201d such a big hit. Mac, you still... 
It was just announced that @ErinBurnett wonu2019t be going to mornings on CNN. @OutFrontCNN just made a wise decision.
@Jess_Wiliem98: @realDonaldTrump I really love reading your books. You should write more books!  Thanks!
Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years!
@MattMoran50: The day @realDonaldTrump runs for president is the day this country can get back to being great again  Wow, thank you!
In war, the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing.
@Rudmania20  Happy Birthday Shane.
@PureManhattan: @DannyZuker @realDonaldTrump Id rather support The Don than some clown. Just saying. Danny, you are a clown.Yes and loser!
Great meeting @GarySinise at @AmSpec dinner. Besides his great acting, Gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation.
@BicYea50: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag Whats the odds the 5 people who subscribe 2 that rag-- I mean mag, will ever see this tweet?
@VinceMcMahon: @realDonaldTrump on #Raw equals ratings  TRUE!
@SchmidtTona: @realDonaldTrump #Apprentice I can't wait either. LOve the show!  Thanks.
@DawnieDeee   Hello Dawn.
@kimfeather177  Thanks.
Sorry, but @piersmorgan is a good &amp; smart man who is doing really well. Thatu2019s why he won @ApprenticeNBC.
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #AskTheDonald. See if your question made it- 
@abethbyr: Im SO ready for an awesome #allstar @CelebApprentice tonight! Bring it @realDonaldTrump @TraceAdkins @lisarinna @THEGaryBusey
If you include people who have left the work force, unemployment rate is 15%. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.
@hennessey_kyle: @realDonaldTrump I would vote for you in a second. Great American that would get this country back on track.  Thank you.
@ed_the_honest Thanks Ed.
u201cHereu2019s something about Donald Trump, heu2019s got a top rated show on TV and everything he says becomes a headline.u201d-@DLoesch  All true!
@William8311: @realDonaldTrump 2016, 2016, 2016! Get this country back to the prosperous nation we once were!! Thanks.William!
Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down!
Let Pete into the Hall of Fame- 
The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton, real leaders and fighters, are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info &amp; time to prepare.
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare, our country would not be in turmoil right now!
@alecmillionaire The architectural boat tour is great.
Snowden, if youu2019re such a hero then come back home and face justice.  In reality, you are just another wiseguy traitor.
@shibis: @SenTedCruz Don't you know once upon a time @realDonaldTrump was leading 2012 @GOP I would love to see you elected. God Pls
@margaritapotter: @realDonaldTrump you got it Donald, that resort will be the best!!!!
@HarrietBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump @deedeegop What happened to turn the other cheek?  Sorry, not a believer!
.@StephenBaldwin7 thinks @TheRealMarilu is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
@McGuire1978 @DjP3tieSmallzz  Thank you.
What a shock u2013 higher taxes are slowing retail spending 
@ctumbert: love stracciatella and strawberry ice cream from @TrumpTowerNY @realDonaldTrump 
@alixandra_k: @realDonaldTrump I love you! Run for president and save this country!!!! #trumpforpresident  It needs saving!
One of the most obvious lessons on @ApprenticeNBC is for the candidates to learn to think quickly. - Think Like a Champion
@Drew4Diamond  Thanks.
The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C!
My @gretawire int. on Obama scandals not resonating, no retribution on Benghazi, Obama not being engaged 
My shirts, ties and suits are selling great @Macy's because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks!
You wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful @_KatherineWebb is- 6'5 in heels. She is also a total winner in... 
Do your homework. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression.- Think Like a Billionaire
@YouAreNotDeep: @realDonaldTrump's my inspiration.
@JwalkerKid: @realDonaldTrump IT'S AMAZING HOW YOU KEEP YOUR SUCCESS GOING THIS FAR KEEP IT UP !!  Thanks!
@DJKelly78  Thank you.
We enjoy hosting tourists in @TrumpTowerNY. They come from all over the world to see the Atrium, a NYC landmark. 
Iu2019m a star maker- Adrian has continued to receive many fans in @TrumpTowerNY and @AmandaTMiller is definitely on the map! #CelebApprentice
CPAC 2013: Donald Trump: Immigration reform is a u2018suicide missionu2019 for GOP 
Little @MacMiller, Iu2019m now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. You ungrateful dog!
@Swift_Vic @LexiArri  They usually put the leftovers on Friday, like Shark Tank.
Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
@tftamt: @realDonaldTrump your an awesome roll model. Can you please tweet me back? Thanks
@MissUSA2005: Love this pic of @missusa, the beautiful Erin &amp; the one and only @realdonaldtrump. Amazing show. Great picture, thanks.
The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is, believe it or not, still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense
@TrumpDoral @RealJoeBrady It will really be amazing when complete.
@KingBowzer: @realDonaldTrump you're a huge douche for picking Penn. I hope you Retweet this.   I picked Trace, not Penn - are you drugged
@Beliefheals: @realDonaldTrump Awesome Example! Thank you for being a great American!!! Thanks.
.@TrumpGolfLA is ranked the top course in the West 
I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!
Via @trdmiami: u201c@TrumpDoral project will boast 800 hotel roomsu201d 
@mark_yamin: @realDonaldTrump Right! And who files a lawsuit on a Saturday anyway? Good call D.T. He thought you would settle because of pr
@Fartlesburg: @realDonaldTrump Do you ever get sad?  I don't have the time!
@alancravey  That is something to think about, isn't it!
Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach starting tomorrow. He should play a round at Trump Int'l Golf Club - #1 rated course in Florida.
Miss Alabama @_KatherineWebb stopped by to say hello today. 
For all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault &amp; rape in the military, (cont) 
@Kev1009: @realDonaldTrump are you building a Condo in Manila, Philippines? If so, should I invest?  YES-YES.
@Frankb550  Thanks.
@TowerRecordsPrj: @realDonaldTrump any memory of you and Tower Records founder Russ Solomon? A good guy and fine tenant.
@DanScavino @MacMiller  Thanks Dan.
@nikkio: @realDonaldTrump Great interview!  Thanks!
.@VattenfallGroup, lead investor in Aberdeen windfarm fiasco, has dropped outu2014project not economically viable--&amp; protestors hate it.
@Eurphrosye  Great!
@EvaMannarino Hi Evelina.
@chuckwoolery @billmaher Chuck--you are great--thanks!
Mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #MechanicalDog #CelebApprentice
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
Congrats to Senator McConnell and @TheTeaParty_netu2019s Kellen Guida on yesterdayu2019s successful Tea Party Caucus 
@tuserious854 I love what I do. You have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. That's number one.
Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World!
@ProtagonistHero He brought them on himself!
Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities - Think Like a Champion
@rangi_mats: @realDonaldTrump Miss Peru Universe 2008 Karol Castillo, passed away last night :( #MissUniverse #MissPeru A wonderful person
@cripplecreek101  Thanks and true!
@johnmorrow821: @realDonaldTrump You should have been president. The US would have a surplus of cash!  True!
Think positively. There are always opportunities. Keep your focus and don't give up!
.@TheRealMarilu is impressing the All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers with her continued success on Team Power.
Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there!
Via @TVbytheNumbers: 'Celebrity Apprentice' is Number 1 among ABC, CBS &amp; NBC for its Second Hour from 10-11 p.m. 
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough. -- Mario Andretti
What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
@Sebastien_LA: I aspire to be like @realDonaldTrump The man is a genius.  True but thanks!
Less than two weeks until @WWEu2019s @WrestleMania XXIX.  @TheRock v. @JohnCena willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with them - just another sad &amp; lonely hater and loser!
@jjlyons_: How comes @realDonaldTrump notices everyone but me and my tweets to him! Read my tweets sir! Big fan. your my idol. Thanks.
@Horse_75: @realDonaldTrump real joke is your misleading ads that were deemed so.  All politics-windfarms are in big trouble-I will win!
Once you consent to some concession, you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are. - Howard Hughes
Being the best requires full-time attention and application.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
Via @CBS19: Trump Winery President Nominated for Award by Wine Enthusiast Magazine 
@mat_sly: @realDonaldTrump Great job, What we need in the next election!!! #2016
Socialists think profits are a vice; I consider losses the real vice. - Winston Churchill
u201cIf the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.u201d - George Washington
@EEpplin: @carterj1982 is getting married today and he's a huge fan! Can you give him a RT to celebrate? @realDonaldTrump Good luck!
@ArianaG_Lover26: @realDonaldTrump @macy damn right just bought one lookin fresh!  Great!
@exider2010  And that's okay.
@HHShkMohd: To all people in the UAE: your support and enthusiasm fuelled our victory at Dubai #Expo2020. Congratulations, a fantastic win!
... debut her first 2013 u201cMelaniau00ae Timepieces &amp; Fashion Jewelryu201d collection!
@kayyyygeeeee: Seeing @realDonaldTrump's face makes my Sunday night wonderful  Thanks Krista!
u201cWhen you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.u201d - @RealJoeNamath
@ForexBoxusd: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, Class-Act @Late_Show you are a one of an kind classic! #trumpforpresident.  Thanks!
@7girl2boyPerez: @realDonaldTrump Ross Perot had the right idea but not your brains or balls Mr Trump.
How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?
@GrantGill  Thanks
Now the Chinese are hacking @nytimes 
@Kmatthews912: @realDonaldTrump the youth of America needs you Mr. Trump  They sure need someone, and fast!
@MaryRosesGarden  Mary--Great!
@JakePalmer412: @realDonaldTrump I look up to you Mr Trump. I wsnt to be like you when I grow up. Can I get a reply?
@cloverc8: @realDonaldTrump that's because you are THE DON... Nothing less than perfect  Thanks-and your baby is beautiful!
The first ever All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC premieres Sunday March 3rd! 
@Saskatweet: @realDonaldTrump How on do you expect pilots to be after crashing a plane?  Who cares, they caused the crash!
@coll4734: @realDonaldTrump Run for President and have David as your wing man. Cute!
Canu2019t wait for @DylanByersu2019 follow up @politico piece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!
@KingofRough: @realDonaldTrump Seriously wonder if you like Chinese people? Not talking about its gov.  I really like the Chinese people.
@pastorcab  True.
I can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards.
@dongibson12 Very true!
@Mr_Asuaiko: one day i'll be rich and powerful like my mentor @realDonaldTrump  Great!
Looks like a very good World Series game!
@Ailor424: @realDonaldTrump Prez shows more anger about US Senate not passing guns bill than he does about the Boston bombing. Interesting!
@Debstermistress                      n@realDonaldTrump when he says he doesn't know, he admits he is not leading. USA a rudderless ship.
@Sandy070707 Thanks.
ginrnnr2                    n@realDonaldTrump ...is China economy in a bubble?  Only if we want it to be!
@Joan Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - she is fantastic.  9 on NBC.
@Angelkakes: @realDonaldTrump love you. Need people like you running this country instead of the idiots now in @whitehouse #failed Thanks!
Congrats to @mboyle1 of @BreitbartNews  for exposing Jason Linkins of @HuffingtonPost as a lightweight dope who gives false information.
@donhall5  Don--a terrible story (fact).
@ArcturusRex4. Good question!
@belikehannah  March 3rd.
@dimasmoosa Thank you.
The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazingu2014the funny thing is, he canu2019t stand them!
I just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp; lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC.
@MustardTiger33: @realDonaldTrump - Hey, Mr. Trump, do you like Canada?? Love Canada and its people!
@farm_mom   So true!
@bx_bobby: @realDonaldTrump what was racist about that story?  The story wasn't racist, just inaccurate and wrong. Bryant is dumb &amp; racist
@lovebn40  Thanks Heidi.
Canu2019t fool Americans. 57% of uninsured hate ObamaCare 
@chrisinspfld: @realDonaldTrump Your books and your record is an inspiration to think bigger and do more. Thanks Chris:-)
u201cYou should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. I do it all the time.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@not_that_actor   Very good!
Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? #CelebApprentice
It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdown
@dtraiNYC  Work hard and thanks.
@DannyZuker is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager
@MooseJawnski: @realDonaldTrump bring Cash, Jobs, and Hope back to America and run for president!!  Not much hope in our Country right now
@abimlebt: Eric Schneiderman trying to get himself an image as a strong man is suing @realDonaldTrump. Bad choice, Trump will eat him alive
@Lifelongcane  True and thanks.
The Arab Spring is not working out so well-nice name, bad results!
The Audacity of Ineptitude u2013 ObamaCare website will cost over $1B  
Pres. Obama is meeting with Chinau2019s Pres. this week 
On the shores of the Lake Norman, @Trump_Charlotte features a world-class course designed by @SharkGregNorman 
@DannyZuker on your best day you can't come close to beating me, I'll kick your ass every time-take the bet Danny (check with M.F. boss).
@mjobrey27   66
Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?
@BrooksStephen @marissamayer True and thanks.
If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
The U.S. is now begging Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!
.@Omarosa admitting sheu2019s a threat in the boardroom- thatu2019s not revelation knowledge. #CelebApprentice
@South_Said  Good luck.
.@DannyZuker Dannyu2014Let your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game.  Show courage!
Don't talk to me about Bush, I was never a defender or a fan!
@DaraghRohan  Happy Birthday and good luck!
@PatrickWeeks: u201cItu2019s #tangible, itu2019s #solid, itu2019s #beautiful. Itu2019s #artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love #RealEstate.u201d ~ Donald
@Nautilus916: @realDonaldTrump @k_monchk What could Donald possibly say that Romney, McCain, Santorum, Palin, and Bachmann haven't  PLENTY
@Champion278: @realDonaldTrump I have to say your a better host than Alan sugar who does the uk version    Thanks!
@EvanSMSolutions   Good luck!
@ZWLykins  @JohnnyPaulCole Your upgrade has been granted &amp; noted by the front desk. Have a wonderful time at Trump International Las Vegas.
@trackdonny: @realDonaldTrump . Thanks for spreading the truth about China and all Donald trump. You rock brother. Donny stjohn Sag. Actor
@tonyantoine321: @realDonaldTrump Great advice. Yesterday, I listened to your audio book Think Big for the 2nd Time. Great!
Congratulations to Tom Brady @Patriots -- he is a great quarterback and a great champion!
@CaptainApathyUK: Enjoying reading @DannyZuker knocking the shit out of @realDonaldTrump. Sorry hater, he's getting his ass kicked!
Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense, especially in Florida law, gave the jury little other choice
@aeroleila7 @CelebApprentice  
@WhiskeySam99  .Sam, you are so pathetic!
.@CNBC Titans: Donald Trumpu2019 is available to live stream on @netflix and @hulu.  Watch!
@samflaherty_: @realDonaldTrump I'd bet my life savings Obama has a higher IQ than you  You would lose!
@stevesms1960: @realDonaldTrump just purchased a few Trump ties. Great styling!
@ThisWeekABC   I enjoyed my intetview with @jonkarl-I only hope it is fairly edited!
Little @MacMilleru2014I donu2019t need your praise  - 
u201cWorry destroys focus.u201d u2013 Think Big
I salute all Tea Party Patriots for marching on DC today.  Stand strong!
@gllleymon900000 Thanks Spence.
Obama &amp; his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
Success seems to be connected w/ action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
@ctobin22: @realDonaldTrump any advise for battered Paula dean? Her ship has been sinking .. She must get back to work &amp; stop apologizing!
@JewelsInLotus: @realDonaldTrump @BG9half @TheScotsman Amazing Beautiful Place!!  Thanks!
@k_monchk: #Obama!! Is gonna knock @realDonaldTrump to the ground on a debate.  He woild.have no chance -lets go!
Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house &amp; an exceptional man. One of the best @Yankees in history.
@thomasfuller46 @IvankaTrump  Thanks Thomas!
@TonyTurko @robynkonichiwa  She was great!
@hailllluminati: @RealDonaldTrump better run for president in 2016 so i can vote for him. #conservativepride  Thanks!
@JesseGunPlayJay: @realDonaldTrump You're a pussy shut up and stop crying @jayleno show is funny  No, Jay is dumb as a rock-gets outplayed
@RickyTheBitch. Thanks.
u201cIf it doesn't sell, it isn't creative.u201d - David Ogilvy
I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition!
@BrittanyToll @TheAuthenticKJ  Not true!
@SissyRichQueenb: Make sure y'all watch #IDreamofNene 2NITE @realDonaldTrump will be on there @NeNeLeakes @Bravotv 9pm
@JCOTheAmerican: @realDonaldTrump I'm a fresh in college and I dream of being half the entrepreneur you are Donald.  You will do great.
@Follow_DTrick: @BanginBella i didnt vote for him but i cant wait till he's out of office...@realDonaldTrump for President! 2016
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity. JFK
Pervert Alert! Serial sexter @anthonyweiner has promised to use twitter as a u201ctool.u201d Parents,make sure your children have him blocked.
@jtalboy @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @RedCross  True!
Prime Minister @David_Cameron is very foolish in giving @AlexSalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland.
Back by popular demand, @latoyajackson returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. She is fierce in the Board Room!
This is the summer of box office bombs.  Who is green lighting this garbage? The scripts are terrible.
@higginsane Hi.
@SirBraden: @realDonaldTrump would be the greatest president of all time
@GOP House has the right bill: u201cIf you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.u201d The Senate must take it up on a vote!
Message to Edward Snowden, youu2019re banned from @MissUniverse. Unless you want me to take you back home to face justice!
@Mimekiller: @realDonaldTrump this from the guy who advocated freedom for mike Tyson? Oh, I guess I'm not a racist!
Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow is a total phony u2013he should cherish his pastu2014not run from it.
On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes!
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award, @TrumpGolfLA brings luxury &amp; elite amenities to LA's top public golf course 
u201cNo one remembers who came in second.u201d -  Walter Hagen
@KingNSG: @realDonaldTrump we need a big change, I believe you have the best chance, and ability to do so.  Thank you.
President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!
@iklemieux @theRealKiyosaki  Thanks--and good luck.
@jacob_mastro You may be right!
@Luke_Enns: @realDonaldTrump: u201cCourage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.u201d- John Wayne Cant argue with the Duke.
@EdnaBateman: ...other counties are looking at us as a laughingstock. @realDonaldTrump #Truth
Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump, and myself in front of The Old Post Office, D.C. on Pennsylvania... 
@NMonastra @Deadspin  Thanks Nick.
Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!
@TammieHarrison  Great!
@CarlCICahn   Carl, keep lt going, I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung)
@TrumpChicago Grand Deluxe Suites = Chicagou2019s most spacious hotel rooms, each w/ 10 ft floor to ceiling windows 
Watch @ FoxNewsu2019 @ShannonBream, @LisWiehl &amp; former prosecutor Doug Burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit 
The problem w/ the concept of global warming is that the U.S. is spending a fortune on fixing it while China &amp; others do nothing!
No matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
@slainsview Blackdog folks are very smart--their home values &amp; lives will be destroyed.
Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed!
u201cProblems, setbacks, mistakes &amp; losses are all part of life. We shouldn't be shocked if and when they happen.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@amandaphantm No.
@firdousalidr Have fun!
@daveesnova: @realdonaldtrump The unparalleled genius  Thanks.
Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS to@Tiger Woods
@Terrell87               n@realDonaldTrump I read your book: Trump 101 The Way to Success and I absolutely love it. Thanks, good luck!
@jaderomaine  Thanks and good luck!
@The_INDYpendent: @realDonaldTrump Maybe Anthony Weiner can serve as editor in chief! But then @CNN would become X-rated!
@thejbrain: @realDonaldTrump Awesome as always! Thanks!
@leighton_chris   Thanks.
In your planning, know how much risk you can take. Evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk.
Wow, the ObamaCare website, which President Obama said would be working TODAY, is a total mess with many functions not even thought about!
@michell33841372: @realDonaldTrump @PMPrindiville Donald Trump has done more for this country than Barrack has ever thought about. Thanks!
@Fun_Foy: @realDonaldTrump Didn't some other guy admit to actually committing this brutal crime? Yes, but they committed other attacks!
@JaiiderVilla   Thank you.
RT @fundanything In case you missed it, check out @washingtonpost story about @realDonaldTrump &amp; @fundanything 
Really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) Esquire Magazine. Totally false - lots of hatred. When will this boring magazine close?
I still say Te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the Heisman voteu2014thankfully he did not win.
..and now holds an adjunct professorship at Columbia University. Boudin also received an academic laurel from NYU Law School...
u201cAbility is nothing without opportunity.u201d - Napoleon Bonaparte
@geomac24   Amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense.
@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump Really hoping NBC will officially announce renewal of show very soon! Apprentice is casting now-season 14.
Looks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog. @THEGaryBusey has latched on and wonu2019t let go. #CelebApprentice
Ashley Judd's candidacy was created by Karl Rove's terrible ads, even before she thought seriously about running...
Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats
@jsalzinger: @realDonaldTrump saw some of your testimony today, you ran circles around the prosecutor!  Thanks.
@voicelikeariot_: @realDonaldTrump @washingtonpost: Why Obama is giving up the element of surprise in Syria Perhaps because he is stupid?
@mzulianix3: @realDonaldTrump you are the coolest man I've ever met ud83dudc4d  Thank you!
@AdamOgdenCEO: @realDonaldTrump you are always on point with your comments! always real. Thank you Adam.
@TVreporter: @realDonaldTrump What will you miss most about Wiener?  Absolutely nothing!
@StevanScheer: @realDonaldTrump attended Tax Lien Tax Seminar Trump University. Changed my life!!! Able to open my own company Scheer Group
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders.
My @foxandfriends int. destroying Schneidermanu2019s frivolous suit which he brought after meeting Obama on Thurs. 
@PatrickMendezNV: We had a great exchange on Twitter re: you being snubbed for @TIME person of the year,@realDonaldTrump. Time=no guts!
@jmc_Johnson: @realDonaldTrump Donald why is tonight's episode only an hour? #dissapointment  As per plan but NBC increased future to 2hrs
Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode!
...  Doesnu2019t seem like they have a coherent strategy right now.
What a great time we just had in the atrium of Tump Tower for 
Making my speech. #WWEHOF 
@3_lilmonkeys @gretawire @kirstenpowers10 Check her records!
.@MissUniverse visited my office- tall and beautiful! 
Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListen
@owenkopitekavan               n@realDonaldTrump I just finished reading think like a champion, I loved it... Thanks and good luck.
@KatherineTrunk Thank you.
@Mzk51Matt: @realDonaldTrump What was up with Bryant Gumbel's cheap shot on you on HBO? He's a really dumb, really jealous racist!
Since stop &amp; frisk was struck down, gun shootings &amp; victims have spiked-- while gun seizures have decreased. 
.@AlexSalmond  See photo n
Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW!
I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama!
@LivesayRobin. Thanks.
@billy_douglas: @realDonaldTrump would the US hand a russian over in similar circumstances?  With ease and get nothing for it!
Everyone join me tomorrow at 11 AM in Trump Tower atrium.
In 2010 alone our trade deficit with China cost over 566,000 jobs 
Fact: without Texas and states reaping the fracking boom, Obamau2019s job record would go from bad to worse!
Always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself. Donald J. Trump
@BigPoppa181  Thanks.
@Pollysdaughter   Very cute!
@anitaozz2: @Toure @realDonaldTrump Trump will do or say anything.  But Toure (why only one name?) is just a very dumb racist-bad ratings!
@tmWood8 @FoxNews Thanks.
Immigration reform is all risk for the @GOP. Their base doesnu2019t want it and the 12M illegals will all vote Democrat.
I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
Why do shows have @ananavarrou2014Ntl Hispanic Chair for the losing McCain u201908 &amp; Huntsman u201912.  Sheu2019s a loser who doesnu2019t deliver votes.
@j_pala: @realDonaldTrump what's the next step you accomplish so much, is there more? Much more - stay tuned!
@jj10471                      n@realDonaldTrump if you were in office this would of never happen #trump2016  True!
@humberto1731: @realDonaldTrump Give a lot of credit to Miguel Cabrera too..  Totally.
@BrianRyback Thank you Brian and good luck.
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me sucks as a president), and quickly files a suit against me!
@robyncook7: It's sad that @realDonaldTrump knows more about politics than our politicians
The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact.  What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end.
Newsstand sales for @VanityFair, run by sleepy Graydon Carter, are down almost 20%. All he cares about are his bad food restaurants!
@ScottVH1  So am I.
@tman99us @_KatherineWebb  That's Shaquille O'Neal's shoe.
@PhilipMorrow  That would be great Philip!
@Deneetro  Happy birthday!
@RichDeLeo. Thanks Rich.
@trace_barden Good luck.
@HoppMar: @realDonaldTrump I saw his brother in Kenya interviewed, HE may be wiser, actually.  I'm so surprised his brother lives in Kenya
@JTBone97 7 months.
@thatboyred: @realDonaldTrump you did awesome! Always shooting and keeping letterman away from attacking the GOP and joking on you. Great!
Maybe Iu2019m old fashioned but I donu2019t like seeing women in combat.
Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!
@gordondhue Thanks.
@cough93: . @realDonaldTrump when are one of your courses going to host a major? That's what often makes them great.  2017.
Young Entrepreneurs u2013 the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus!
@amize_ @mcuban  I win, no contest!
Iu2019ve always been a fan of Steve Jobs, especially after watching Apple stock collapse w/out him u2013 but the yacht he built is truly ugly.
Looking forward to being interviewed on the @marklevinshow tonight at 6:30 PM EST.  Be sure to listen!
@BrosHoban  Thanks!
@jpressler: I bet Matt Lauer is really grateful for @realDonaldTrump coming to his defense like this. Unfair story by third rate @NYMag.
@10AJMcCarron   Great game last week, your team really needed you!
Via @PostSports @barrysvrluga Donald Trump has major aspirations for his Trump National Golf Club in Virginia 
@MandasueHeller. A Hall.
Offering true luxury, @Trump_Charlotte has spectacular restaurants, Olympic pools &amp; six professional tennis courts 
@Doug_E_Fresh2: Forget the country, @realDonaldTrump could run the world better than anyone anywhere. Thanks Doug!
@CaptainBlob: @realDonaldTrump I just bought a Trump mattress and it is presidential  Made by Serta, they are really great.
Sorry, I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)!
@ChrisHarmsWI   Thanks Chris!
u201cBuild up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.u201d - Knute Rockne
Congrats to @JimmieJohnson, a great guy, on winning Daytona!
@danshaw2012   True!
The purpose of Chinau2019s massive military buildup on the Norku2019s border is to intimidate us. China attacked us during the Korean War.
For an advance preview of the Miss USA 2013 contestants, as well as other show details, go to 
Many generals and military leaders are now saying I told you so!  They say this will have big impact on military strength &amp; national sec.
@ryan_mcvicker: Went to @realDonaldTrump winery in Charlottesville VA yesterday for my birthday, it was awesome! One of the best!  Thanks!
@kjclt1 Thanks!
See, dummy Danny Zuker, who I never heard until this, started something that he couldn't finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet!
Speaker John Boehner, who I like, should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE, ENJOY YOUR DAY!
@madrox91: I think @realDonaldTrump should run office for one day. Then maybe some stuff would get set straight. The right way. Thank you!
@TheeKentBailey  Thanks.
@cameroon1974: @realDonaldTrump so excited to see the Trump brand coming to vancouver,Canada!! Gonna be awesome for our city!! Huge Welcome
Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed.
Chuck Hagel: Wrong For Defense 
@Dardonyc16: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Hit 4 wood shots to get on that green. Stunning hole and best course in the world!
@Dursonator: @realDonaldTrump you are my hero  Thank you!
@Based_Erc   Thanks.Eric.
@EricaBigelow: I'll be old enough to vote during the next presidential election...and I really hope that @realDonaldTrump is on the ballot.
@sandersandrew: @realDonaldTrump Donald you are a true American hero. I can't wait to celebrate Trump day in the future. Wow, nice.
Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9
Via @MarketWatch: u201c@TrumpSoHo New York Unveils $50 Million Presidential Penthouseu201d 
@Twan_Da_Guy: @realDonaldTrump what advice do you have for an inspiring entrepreneur? Come up with a great idea and then work your ass off
@samahDanash: My friend during the trip @realDonaldTrump 
@Wsutt                n@realDonaldTrump Are you redoing the Red Course @ Doral too?  Yes.
Get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and alert every single day.
@DomMarino21 Thanks Dom.
@markhansen295: @realDonaldTrump save us Mr Trump 2016  Do not fear!
@Sneasure: I've got so much love for @realDonaldTrump.  So nice, thank you!
The hatchet job in @NYMag about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. @FoxNews
@NeanderthalMan1 @BarackObama Quickly.
@MisterEspinal Thanks, very nice.
@LetsBeckRush A one-sided piece of garbage--and I won--big success for Scotland!
@NickBrinley: @realDonaldTrump If they're unreported, how do you know there's 26,000 of them?  Reported tonight by all major newscasts.
@uptownfrills @ApprenticeNBC Definitely exciting.
@sonoman24 @stephenbaldwin @ApprenticeNBC  I was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real.
@DELAVEGAPROPHET: @realDonaldTrump Always great working with you. You are a true modern master. Thank you.
In Vegas? Enjoy Thanksgiving in @TrumpLasVegas' DJT lounge where the @nfl games will be playing all day 
@countrygurl4747: @realDonaldTrump Please run in 2016!!! We need a smart man like you to turn this once great nation back!!  True!
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.nAlbert Einstein
Great job @AdamScott - you deserve it!
..... I wonder if Angelo has a job or is on assistance. In any event, I'm sure he is a nice guy!
@Jarboni72 @billmaher Thanks!
Wowu2014Golf Magazine just named Trump Scotland u201cbest new course.u201dn
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
@pellman11: @realDonaldTrump My mother has such a crush on you. She beat breast cancer this past year. Can I request a RT for my hero.Love
.@rushlimbaugh is rightu2014the Republicans lost because they werenu2019t conservative enoughu2014or tough enough.
@MattWeaver_21: @realDonaldTrump You are, quite literally, the worst human being ever. Thank you!
@NeilWhinhamPGA: @RealDonaldTrump If you were a Golf Professional where in the world would you set up your business? Doral in Miami.
@Brendamckinley  They were amazing, thanks!
@missshavon1 @CelebApprentice Thanks, coming up soon, March 3rd.
The Central Park Five documentary  was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.
u201cExperience, knowledge, &amp; prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate any of them.u201d  Think Like a Champion
@EWErickson Enjoy your stay!
@IMUNCIRCUM5IZED: @Bman2095 my heroes are either @realDonaldTrump or @mark_wahlberg  Mark is a great guy (and good golfer).
.@VanityFair magazine is doing so poorly that they make even @NYMag look good. Graydon Carter shouldu2019ve been fired a long time ago.
@MyStudentApt  Thanks Rob and good luck.
@HaiderMadHatter Speak to Vince.
@71Kristine: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for Fund Anything Mr. Trump you know how to help people in all the right ways. With hope
@BarkyJason  Thanks.
Looking forward to being guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FFCoalition Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my birthday.
Keep focused on your goals. Practice positive thinking. View any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution, not the problem.
Obama's speech in Las Vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6M  
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night. 
@OurColorado @emilyhoms Thank you.
@NurseRichRange @billmaher  Yes.
@keiththoms @ApprenticeNBC Original schedule but going back to two hours.
By popular request,  I will be live tweeting during Celebrity Apprentice (Sunday 9 P.M.).
We look forward to making the Old Post Office in DC one of the great hotels of the World. 
Via @STVAberdeen: Donald Trump reveals first image of his new Aberdeenshire hotel 
@p6jeff: @realDonaldTrump picked up my 7th Trump tie today!!  GREAT!
@golflessondubai Soon.
@rickywatt1 Thanks.
The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
@MacPluto12: @Molly_Kats @realDonaldTrump I'm with trump! Thanks!
@Edincamera2: @AlphaTrebleSix @realdonaldtrump It's saddens me to know someone so moronic can become so rich.  Perhaps I'm really smart?
@bryanbrager #1 = be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow. With passion, discouragement can't take hold.
@TAZZYdevil13: @realDonaldTrump When will we every catch a break ?  Only with new and smart leadership!
@ThirdForceNews: Should the golden eagle be Scotland's national bird? @RSPBScotland Won't be any left alive-wind turbines killing them all
Is Anthony Weiner also delusional? Add him to NY Sex Offender list instead!
@BeaumontAnthony @marklevinshow Thanks Anthony.
@autumnallday: @realDonaldTrump I wish you'd run for office. The country needs more minds like yours.  Thank you.
I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in!
@hugozepedatv   Thank you.
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...
Thanks for all the nice comments about the @Late_Show last night. I enjoyed it and David enjoyed the ratings.n  
@euanhay You can have a round on me!
@BasqueGirl75  Thanks.
@tkdhardy: @realDonaldTrump how about Jim Furyk and his 59 today greatness  Jim Furyk is a great golfer and a great guy!
@prdnjoy67 No, #Darnell does.
.@IsraeliPM @netanyahu is a resolute leader.  When he sets a red line, it stands!
@905K9 Thanks.
I canu2019t wait to donate @billmaheru2019s $5 million to charity.  Just waiting on @billmaher to send me the money.
Little @MacMiller, I want the money not the plaque you gave me!
@marzanoj: @realDonaldTrump people think of u as a real estate king. Rightly so, however, u r the marketing king as well. Thank you.
My @marklevinshow interview discussing Obama's SOTU, Rove's attack on the  Tea Party &amp; All-Star @ApprenticeNBC 
The rescue icebreaker, trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists, has turned back-the ice is  massive (a record). IRONIC!
@DeannaSpillyard Sikorsky 76
@libertybellskp: @realDonaldTrump you were great and are great...keep on plugging away  Thank you!
@Coteter @BarackObama  Just success for our country!
@BrianSchnitzler I often ask that question myself.
@Gary_J_S: @realDonaldTrump Do you think the rest of the country will eventually look like Detroit?  With bad leadership it could happen!
@AmyRusso108: Thank God there is still someone in America that won't roll over for Obama and his ridiculousness! Sue the pants off NY AG!
Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind!
Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and, by the way, the healthcare is no good anyway!
@Patti0713   Thanks Patti.
This Sundayu2019s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC puts @pennjillette against @TraceAdkins. Watch two great competitors battle to win!
u201cI always follow my own instincts, but I am not going to kid you: itu2019s also nice to get good reviews.u201d - The Art of the Deal
The most elite private club in the world, Mar-a-Lago, is Palm Beachu2019s legendary landmark. 
@ThatBoyFlyy: @realDonaldTrump 1 of the smartest people ever..business ICON  Thanks.
@BrocktonConwell Great! Thanks.
@zachfelber: @realDonaldTrump best advice my great uncle Egon Dumler ever gave you??  Invest in real estate-Egon was a great lawyer &amp; guy.
u201cDonald Trump hosts first-ever 'Trump Invitational' at Mar-a-Lagou201d 
@exclusivelyDee: @realDonaldTrump I mean really ... Weiner &amp; Spitzer?!? What is New York coming to!!!! Talk about global embarrassment!
@Colvio117  Thanks!
ObamaCare could eat up your raise They're obsessed with amnesty.
Still a great time to buy residential property.  The courts are holding up foreclosures.  Buy directly from the banks.
Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!
@anthonyjmyers: @realDonaldTrump America needs you now more than ever. 2016 cannot get here fast enough #Trump2016 Well, we sure need help
@Stiles_Dub   @LilJon is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all!
@GusMan2013: @realDonaldTrump @TraceAdkins dream team for president/ vice president ticket 2016. Make it happen!  I am proud of Trace!
Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9.
@JackLypka: @realDonaldTrump how do you like the Dallas Mavericks' chances tonight against Phoenix? I don't!
@mbb2792: @realDonaldTrump congrats on the hall of fame !!!!! @WWE  Sorry haters, but  people loved my WWEHOF speech as you saw last night
@ProjectMayhem_M: @realDonaldTrump will be our next president. Mark my words.  Thanks for your nice words and thoughts!
Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpointu2014a big deal for @CelebApprentice.
Lance Armstrongu2019s liability &amp; lawsuits against him have just increased tenfoldu2014his lawyers will be very happyu2014lots of fees!
@Abtheproducer Maybe Obama?
@Ryalsflair: @realDonaldTrump Our country needs a great business man like yourself to made us a force on a global scale again. So true!
Florida Power &amp; Light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside Doral in Miami. They should put in new ones or will be sued.
u201cIt's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.u201d - Albert Einstein
@cbs397: @realDonaldTrump You should have your own talk show.  Networks and many have asked, but I don't have the time. Thanks!
@arnoldziffle2: @realDonaldTrump I say trump for president, can I get a Hell Yes, USA would be the greatest nation on the planet  AGAIIN 
Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great!
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami @TrumpDoralu2019s $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed, will be elite!
@andrezakar: @realDonaldTrump just bought a Trump series mattress.... Awesome and exactly what you expect from Trump. Thanks
The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense.
@JustMeNoahB: @realDonaldTrump Please Run For President... Be Good To Have A Real Business Man In Office
Remember, if you don't promote yourself, then no one else will! Likewise, believe in yourself--or no one else will either.
@paynetb: I'm voting for @realDonaldTrump! Calls it like it is! #trump2016  Very nice Frank - our Country does need leadership.
Bought @JohnDeere stock a year ago for old fashioned reasonu2014I love their product and service.
A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control, expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship.
@RayHeard: @realDonaldTrump @bat211 @capetown58 Meanwhile, he's on the golf course as Egypt, Syria, Iraq burn.What else is new?
@TheYardSaleKing: @realDonaldTrump I had the honor of going in to this awesome building today. Even the restrooms are first class!  Thanks.
@ISaidKnow: AWESOME! RT  Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!u201d  Thanks!
Happy Veterans Day to ALL, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
@amowjf: @realDonaldTrump You are a true champion.. just started a company n I'm reading ur book 'the art of the deal' ..tremendous help..
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
@Caleb_Watson: @realDonaldTrump never actually considered running for President. All a publicity stunt #GoodBusinessMove   WRONG!
Via @nypost: Trumpu2019s links getting green 
u201cYou don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.u201d u2013 The Art of The Deal
The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING!
Entrepreneurs: Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious. See yourself as victorious--which means never giving up.
Always good to have @ArsenioHall back as advisor as well as @DonaldJTrumpJr. They have their own fan clubs at this point. #CelebApprentice
Congress must defund ObamaCare.  It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors, including veterans.
No Question' Violent Crime Will Rise If Program (Stop &amp; Frisk) Is Stoppedu201d - @NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly
Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture.
Must read editorial via @IBDeditorials: ObamaCare's Bitter Irony: It May Increase Number Of Uninsured 
u201cGo as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.u201d -- J. P. Morgan
@BABOONVIEW: @realDonaldTrump inspires me soo much  Great!
In Miami tracking @TrumpDoralu2019s $250M renovations. Will be America's top resort. @PGATOUR just signed for 10 yr ext. 
My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!
I very much appreciate all of the great reviews &amp; comments on my speech in Michigan--the people were great.
u201cDevelop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.u201d u2013 Dale Carnegie
See @IvankaTrump on the cover of @HudsonMOD? View the digital edition: 
u201cItu2019s always great to be in business with Donald Trump,u201d said @Telemundo president Emilio Romano. 
George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid, even with the help of the union!
Good timing: @TraceAdkins won big for American Red Cross last night on @ApprenticeNBC. Now the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job.
@not_that_actor    I know!
Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
@dannyzuker I hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are!
Via @Newsmax_Media: u201cTrump Iowa Visit Raises 2016 Speculationu201d 
Additionally, two executives @VattenfallGroup are under major investigation &amp; they are unable to get the many permits necessary.
True, @THEGaryBusey is a scene stealer without trying. Heu2019s got a gift. #CelebApprentice
@ktsarita  Good ideas and hard work!
@WRousey @marklevinshow Thanks Will.
@JCaavs: @realDonaldTrump as a 16 year old who can vote in 2016, I'd LOVE to make u my 1st vote. Run for president!  So cute and nice.
I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give Tim Tebow a chance - what do they have to lose?
@lauren_boals: Sipping on some Starbucks in the Trump Towers my first day in NYC. Very impressive and inspirational #amazing!
@RonaldRosenthal               n@BillHemmer @realDonaldTrump @PeteRose_14 LET PETE Rose in!!! YES!!!! he deserves it
Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
@2LukeVBeck2: @realDonaldTrump Americas Hope
.@OMAROSA as a cashier- a big mistake by @BrandenRoderick. #CelebApprentice
@craig_longislnd   Thanks Craig.
New poll, WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest &amp; trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago
The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.
@mayorgas  Good! and good luck!
@wsaleen  Thanks.
u201cA savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...
@TheCrystaShow. Thanks Crysta!
@Andy_The_Twit: @realDonaldTrump When will Dubai be complete? Under construction now-completion in two years!
@Austin_Fall: In 2016, we will need a business mogul to bring America to its feet. I hope @realDonaldTrump feels a tug on his collar.
u201cIs business success a natural talent? I think itu2019s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@JackMartin32  Thanks!
@TarekR: @realDonaldTrump What do you think should be done about Gun Control in the US?All good folks that have a gun should control it!
....... I disagree, but it's still cool.
@Agustin_Gil: @realDonaldTrump are you planning to visit Uruguay as soon as Punta del Este Tower is done? I'd like to get my books signed.Y
It all comes down to one simple question: How much money can you stand to lose? Thatu2019s how much risk you should assume.
@GoCubbies22: @realDonaldTrump Bought a poster frame from my Wal-Mart store today, and the sample picture was Trump Tower in Chicago. Great
@thineline4: @realDonaldTrump For a long time I thought you were so nasty. Now after reading your tweets I changed my mind. Great!
@golanflamm: @realDonaldTrump A Massive fan from Australia. How can I buy your ties?? #wantthetrumpfeeling  Thanks, at Macy's-Trump Tower.
@JAGOfficial: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC has inspired me to have a fundraiser event this Sunday at my home for a bone marrow case.
The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years.
Many countries including allies already see China as world superpower 
But why shouldn't I speak out? Don't you speak out in this country? -  George Steinbrenner
Wow...NYT reports @celebrityapprentice was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012.
@thelambdizzle: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump are we 2 hours tonight? Yes.
@JefePinal: @realDonaldTrump is a fucking genius.   TRUE!
Via @scotsmandotcom: Via Donald Trump makes plans for Menie Estate marquee 
A-Rodu2019s appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the @Yankees. And sends strong message to @MLB players.
Great read: u201cHollywood can kiss Adam Corolla's ass, he's going Trump fundingu201d 
@jayceemccain Thanks and good luck.
The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling the @billmaher case for me.
Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line. --Think Like a Champion
@KeilaniK1: @realDonaldTrump Apple meant for their phones to go to people who have super sight &amp; abnormally tiny fingers for texting
...then he who continues the attack wins.u201d - Ulysses S. Grant
@Billingsley29  Do what you love, work hard, keep your focus and your momentum intact. Good luck!
Via @reason: Donald Trump: I Can Fix America 
@ZeeNazi: @realDonaldTrump there is zero chance u get elected but u r a very powerful indorcer  Wrong and correct!
@euan888  Thanks Euan--We will save Scotland's great beauty--no turbines.
@arcuate: dude that's freaking cool as heck RT @realDonaldTrump wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in 10 yrs
u201cGeorge has a real twinkle about himu201d says @TheRealMarilu. Really? The shark should be scared. #CelebApprentice
Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt?
Via @HamptonsMag: @IvankaTrump Talks Hamptons Lifestyle with Emmy Rossum 
@SirBlaineRichie: @BillGates, @WarrenBuffett and @realDonaldTrump are the most inspirational people i know of.
Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad.  They were sheltering him.
@MicRoger  You're right--billions.
New York should Frack. Thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. NY would be a truly rich state.
@lmetzger3590   Thank you.
I promoted the hell out of Trump Tower, but I also had a great product. - The Art of the Deal
@TheGreatGedi: @realDonaldTrump In Donald We Trust.  Thanks!
@mierz1824: @realDonaldTrump Have you ever respectfully disagreed with someone?  No!
70 stories above Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama the majestic sail design is Central Americau2019s architectural icon 
@kennymacaskill1   Thanks!
RT @IvankaTrump: Check out my May Redbook magazine cover. Very exciting! #Redbook 
Great shots of @TrumpTowerNY #CelebApprentice
@HoltonHancock  Thanks and enjoy!
.@DonaldJTrumpJr and I on the 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland- 
Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great!
u201cAmerica is too great for small dreams.u201d u2014 Pres. Ronald Reagan
@FrankMDavisJR  You are right.
@brucesteve52         n@realDonaldTrump @NaghmehAbedini Thank you for caring for this family and their need. God bless you!  Thank you.
There is no comparison between @ApprenticeNBC and Shark Tank in the ratings. The Apprentice beats Shark Tank hands... 
Business is an art in itself, and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.
I know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually I'm a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common sense
@WWEmarissa_54: @realDonaldTrump and @VinceMcMahon at #WM23 was so great! That is a moment I will NEVER forget! @WWE #HOF  Thanks.Marissa!
@theoclass True.
My @gretawire interview re: the dismal job report, getting ripped off by South Korea, 2016 election &amp;  #WWEHOF 
@gotowardsthesun Good luck!
@PashtunPrince  March 3rd.
@maffucci93 True and thanks.
@Judithdbailey   Thank you!
@RealHotwaffles Thanks.
Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone?????????
@shelby_morgan12: I feel like @realDonaldTrump is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
@glenda_goff Thank you!
u201cDo not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. It is a defeating attitude &amp; a negative emotion Think Like a Champion
I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back!
.@LukeDonald You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the New Blue Monster @DoralResort
Opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them.  Be aggressive and seize them when they come.
@Orangeone4: @Carrie_Wofford @realDonaldTrump Website designer HUGE Obama campaign donor. Can we say kickbacks?
u201cSixteenu201d @TrumpChicago is winning accolades and is a destination point restaurantu2014donu2019t miss it!
@Nick_Botha  Thank you.
@VolitanLioness: @realDonaldTrump I don't know Donald, but he sure has made our government look foolish!  So, who hasn't?
Fatheru2019s Day is Sunday. Find the perfect gift.Trump Signature Collection is exclusively available @Macys 
@PhilipinDC: I've finally unfollowed @realDonaldTrump  I doubt it loser but, if so, you'll be back because you're lonely &amp; admire genius!
@amp_abirpatel  Midas Touch, by Donald J. Trump &amp; @theRealKiyosaki
Does Bushu2019s library have a wing featuring Supreme Court Justice Jon Robertu2019s ObamaCare ruling? Roberts was his prize appointee!
@hoylier I was never a fan or defender of Bush.
@katiedoodlebug2: @realDonaldTrump yay can't wait Donald, you are so cool   - and so are you - thanks!
@CMCoe Have fun!
@klshrew  Nice--thanks.
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range.
Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syriau2019s chemical weapons or it will face an attack.
.@TraceAdkins is backu2014good news for Plan B. #CelebApprentice
@LovatoMJ: Not gonna lie, teared up a little when @realDonaldTrump gave 100k to @LilJon for his charity.
.@EmilyMiller's book Emily Gets Her Gun exposes the attack on our Second Amendment 
@garthdahdah: @TrumpGolfLA [THE] top luxury public golf course in the country 
@JSDub901: @realDonaldTrump may be many things, but one thing he is, is right. #tellsitlikeitis Thank you (sort of).
@MrDannyNoonan: @realDonaldTrump if a democrat did a great job as president would you admit it?   Yes!
When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!
Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it.
@JosephbyNature: @realDonaldTrump The Apprentice.Great show! Thanks.
@WhiteShaunwhite                   nI dedicate my 750 tweet to most inspiring entrepreneurs of our time @realDonaldTrump, @BillGates Thx.
@Jfedkiw: @realDonaldTrump I wonder where al Sharpton or anyone for that matter is after the murder in Duncan, Oklahoma.Where is the anger?
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time youu2019re expanding your net worth.
.@somelikeitlar hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Make sure @marklevinshow watches!
Congratulations to @woodyjohnson4 and @nyjets on yesterday's very exciting game.
@DuncanHughes62: @realDonaldTrump the real Q is how does the NSA justify using contractors whom have access to such sensitive data? So true
@KrissyGasbarre: To @realDonaldTrump: the service, food and rooms at Trump Intl. are OUTSTANDING. I've finally found my Las Vegas hotel.
Celebrating New Year's Eve in the Windy City? Join @TrumpChicago for the chic &amp; elegant Cirque Soiree Celebration 
@wakafee1017                   n@realDonaldTrump Everyone should look at what he has done &amp; take notes if you want to be successful. Thx
Watching the show. #WWEHOF 
I just left @trumpwinery in Charlottesville,Virginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible!
@LoisPope1   Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago, hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope, was fabulous. Big money raised for charity
@Joe_Mangieri: Going to @Macys this weekend to get @realDonaldTrump ties! What's your favorite color Mr. Trump?  Blue but all are great!
@MikePicardi101: @realDonaldTrump I won't wear anything else! You have to look successful to be successful! Thanks for the awesome line!
@earn_it_work: @realDonaldTrump @billmaher see trump? He takes his shots but has no balls. Don't listen and do us a favor and run for POTUS
@JaneyGodley  No, held up to storm very well.
@stacihogan  True!
@phoneman98: @realDonaldTrump It's time for your @WWE return!!! When will you make it happen?  Ask Vince, we have the all time record!
Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen!
I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning.
u201cKnow from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. Thatu2019s taking control.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@GSGOV: @Lord_Sugar sad it has come to this. Clown on TV and selling nail clippers online. Ask @realDonaldTrump for a job?
@JimmyDeVito  Thanks Jimmy.
@aprilpole                n@realDonaldTrump I love your sayings..very inspirational..thank you  Thanks.
@ccade937 Thank you.
The Republicans better be careful.  Obama is out to destroy them!
@scottinapac: @realDonaldTrump paired very well with Letterman tonight. Thanks!
@DStandridge92: @realDonaldTrump family is the US version of the Royal family!   No, but thank you so much!
@HerschelWalker  GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year.
Prediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!
u201cThe most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help.u201d u2013 Pres. Ronald Reagan
@CHRIISXEDGE  Thanks Christopher.
@Christineinsatx: @realDonaldTrump Morning Donald, from Texas, The Longhorn State. God Bless You.  Texas is GREAT!
@crazygreentiger: @realDonaldTrump its because of people like you the bombings happened in the first place. Oh, I see, it's my fault!
@enjorgetamez  Great!
@MarlenaWells True.
Looking forward to being the guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FaithandFreedom Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington, DC
When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North?
Remember, all these u2018freedom fightersu2019 in Syria want to fly planes into our buildings.
Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?
If Iu2019m the third most envied man in America, the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas.
@2go2there: @realDonaldTrump Remember that one time you came to @LibertyU ? That was cool of you - thanks!  I loved it - GREAT SCHOOL!
@The_Anti_Fox: @realDonaldTrump @NY_POLICE then Donald will be OK being stopped and frisked 3 times a week, making you late  O.K. with me!
Via @EveningExpress: Images of Donald Trumpu2019s 2nd North-east golf course released: Public have say on images  
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning!
I love watching the dishonest writers @NYMag suffer the magazineu2019s failure.
@Matglav @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  Thank you.
@kbmc24: @realDonaldTrump my husband and I think you're so awesome!! We can't wait to come to NYC one day and see the Trump towers! Great!
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader - ObamaCare, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS
Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down, a total disaster! 90 million doomed
Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so!
@RicardoHernanG: Just bought @realDonaldTrump 's SUCCESS from Macy's and brought it to Costa Rica. Fantastic product. Go get them!
... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@SonnyGirard  True.
Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project, I kicked ass and got it done fast
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig, stop reading because they have no credibility &amp; just hate.
@Spot_O_TEA   Thanks.
President Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why?
Flashback: Donald Trump would fire A-Rod 
.@JustinRose99 Great playing--we are proud of you!
@DalHines  Thanks--they are good kids!
Just read @PiersMorganu2019s book u201cShooting Straightu201d and whether you love him or hate him (Iu2019m in the first category), it is terrific.
All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty!
What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing, the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job
@TiffanyBrownInc  Yes and thanks.
Kate is donating a #kidney to her husband 
@KathyTh38140700: @realDonaldTrump @Nicole52008 I also think he has more concern and love for this country than the leaders we have now!
@BrandonMcKinney: @realDonaldTrump Just wanted to say that I love my Donald J. Trump dress shirts. By far most comfortable and best! Macy's
Ask: Is there anyone else who can do this better than I can?Thatu2019s just another way of saying know yourself &amp; know your competition.
@jeffreybigmoney: @realDonaldTrump Would they have won the task if not the misspelling? I was dying for him or Trace to ask that. YES!
Congratulations to Jim Herman, my ass't golf pro at Trump Nat'l Golf Club/Bedminster, NJ for qualifying for the U.S. Open! @usopengolf
@NYMag   In every interview New York Magazine has done for years they ask the same question - What do you think of Donald Trump? Beggars!
@JTHolder2010  Great!
The Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs.
The real estate market in Vietnam is booming.  Growth is everywhere in the world, except for the US.
@rogergreig  Thanks.
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals,they just go on to the next one
@MattJerichoY2J: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on becoming a @WWE #HOF. It can be argued that you are the reason Wreslemania was so Succesful
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish. - Michelangelo
@PrinceWatercres: @VinceMcMahon inducts @realDonaldTrump, huh? Can't picture anyone else doing this. #WWEHOF
u201cTrust your instincts, especially if they are well honed.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@rwgooch: @realDonaldTrump Why does Fox continue to bring on Karl Rove?  A total waste of airtime-spent over $400 million and not 1 win!
u201cAlways remember: Dress for the job you want, not the job you have.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@BklynBorn71 @dvorlando  Wonderful news, thanks.
@The_Anti_Fox: @realDonaldTrump @NY_POLICE if Donald were stopped &amp; frisked he would raise hell and whine about his civil rights!  No way!
@lefthandedrant: @realDonaldTrump @HuffingtonPost @ariannahuff they re-run stories every hour....and yes she is as goofy as she is dopey!
@craigdevlin: @realDonaldTrump @11SHEILA11 Please run for president, Jon Stewart would destroy you!  Jon (L) is not smart enough!
@WeekendInParis @TrumpNewYork  Great!
@HoboShane  I agree.
@selfminted You do, and thanks.
@cbgoober: @realDonaldTrump @StephMcMahon @Tjryyyan @WWE think its time for The Donald to make a Surprise visit to #RAW Speak to Vince!
@vraia: @realDonaldTrump Does a day go by when you don't pat yourself on the back?  Not many!
The ties, shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better!
@JUrciuoli19: Got word that Celebrity Apprentice has been picked up for another season! Its official!! Shooting next spring!
Dummy, I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head.
.@ApprenticeNBC  Season 13, still #1 at 10PM in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11PM News loves Trump!
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?
.@LisaRinna looks better with her reduced lips. Good move, Lisa. #CelebApprentice
Trump has big plans for improving @DoralResort 
Great to see @RedSox win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all @RedSox fans.
@craigdevlin: @realDonaldTrump @sheckiezx @kristinaoakes go on the daily show then and prove yourself. I would triple his ratings-nice no.
@ThulisaKanzi Have the Arab League do it and pay for it.
.@NBC just announced that all 1 hour @CelebApprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hoursu2014itu2019s amazing what good ratings will do!
@HammerleAmanda @theRealKiyosaki  Thanks--and good luck.
@MelissaIl   Really good, thanks M.
@mallorybeck17   Thanks Mallory!
@nicla_b Thank you.
@logisticshelp  Thanks Nick.
@bragg_tina Thanks--read my books, they can help.
Great going.
@blakeamorrow: @realDonaldTrump ha! Cuban got lucky. Trump is a genius. Hope to see you at the top one day sir.  Great, hopefully soon!
Steps away from Waikiki's famous beaches, @TrumpWaikiki is Hawaiiu2019s top destination  w/our signature amenities  
Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!
u201cDonald Trump on Mark Levin: Karl Rove is one of the most overrated people in politicsu201d 
@RickStone1282 @Yankees Thanks Rick.
@_Hub__: @realDonaldTrump: Grew up in family business at a time when passion &amp; competitiveness were the norm. We have lost that Trump drive
@Tommyguns11: @realDonaldTrump stop talking and run in 2016! If your name is on that ballot, you've go my vote! #MakeItHappen #FixAmerica
@vincegraff  Because my mother was born in Scotland &amp; it will be destroyed by windfarms.
@richardroeper Yes, you can't allow people to scam you &amp; rip you off.
@OnMyLevelLopez. That's why you're a failure!
Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back!
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. @BarackObama  does a great job for the country.
My @ WCNC News interview w/ @DianneG touring the magnificent Trump National Charlotte course &amp; facilities  
@ethwhite  Hi Ethan
Via WSOC_TV: Donald Trump's son says family thinking about expanding in uptown Charlotte 
@StephenHCornell
Via @MiamiHerald: Donald Trump aims to bring luxury to Doral Golf Resort &amp; Spa 
Congrats to @rushlimbaugh on the release of his new book u201cRush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims.u201d #1 on @amazon and @bnbooks. Must read!
@BuzzFeedPSA @Lood800  Four.
Drew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy!
@thobane63: @realDonaldTrump why the hell are you always criticising Obama  Because he is doing a terrible, in fact embarrassing, job!
@MFBrooklyn True and thank you.
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!
u201cWe have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.u201d - Milton Friedman
@JimBou1234: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Piers Morgan!  Thank you.
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation comes from.
@EditiEffiong: .@AbangMercy @realdonaldtrump Africa can solve its own problems with stronger institutions, less corruption &amp; impunity Ohhh
u201cI pride myself on being obstinate, stubborn, &amp; tough.  I think those are important qualities found in successful people.u201d u2013 Think Big
Republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Many senior Senators are doing Obamau2019s bidding. Canu2019t win this way.
@_Jcourtney95: Can't stop watching interviews and documentaries of @realDonaldTrump the man is a legend  Thank you, so nice!
@BeccaPiano Thanks.
@e_hig  Hi Erica...and thanks.
What I am saying is stay out of Syria.
Word is spreading that I got a tattoo - no way, I am not a fan!
My @LateNightJimmy interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the new season of All-Star @CelebApprentice 
I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a wig. Some may not like my hairstyle, but all mine
@jmkjmkjmkjmkjmk: @realDonaldTrump Just went on a spree at Macy's, four of your fantastic ties and a pinstripe shirt. Great stuff, love it!
@Full76: @realDonaldTrump Wonderful job On the Record! I think you are tops!
u201cWhen you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen.u201d - J. P. Morgan
@SMarsh7818 @Stern100 Thanks and that's good news. Good luck.
u201cTrump: 'I like North Carolina, we are looking at another deal'u201d 
.@TrumpGolfLA public golf course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, an elite attraction 
@wmtoddc  Keep your vision intact -- be positively persistent.
I watched the last two minutes of the @dallasmavs game last night--- I just loved watching them lose.
@leechsam   Thanks Sam, and it's doing great!
@JoeTran19: @realDonaldTrump how do u feel about Marco Rubio?  Drinks too much water!
@LeeSport7  Thanks--they are working on it.
@UmerRizwan2: @realDonaldTrump Can i get a hello for all the Canadians down in Ottawa, Ontario ?  Hello Umer, you sound like a great guy!
@HunterBalthazor: @realDonaldTrump if you ran for president you have my vote. Get this economy back on track!
@Tappersong  The opposite!
Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!
@vanillakissesxx: @realDonaldTrump Love you and love the show!! :)  Thanks S!
.@TrumpPanama is Panama Cityu2019s premiere hotel. 70 stories over Punta Pacifica, excellence has arrived to So. America  
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
@nal53199  I will.
@hsword_1 Yes --  
@tdudz5: @realDonaldTrump @neddust when will people wake up and realize Trump was one of Bush's biggest critics! Blind people!  TRUE!
@MikeMcHale09      n@realDonaldTrump Wouldn't you agree, that Apple is falling off without visionary Steve Jobs? Yes.
@beverly_buck  Great, enjoy the hotel.
@ericfranson  That is true.
@maggie101956: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for POTUS...Just saw you on Greta's show...you give me hope for the future...God Bless!!!
@TorresTerrell @BarackObama  Thanks!
@ANBMJB: @realDonaldTrump You have so much confidence. Have you always had it and what is your advice for trying to find my own WIN!
@nwsocialist Dopey--Big success and great for Scotland!
@FL_RichieRich. Great.
@TEAM_ACKMANN: @realDonaldTrump how do you really feel about Mac Miller?  He used my name without my permission and song became a Great hit
President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on them,not nonsense
The global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!
@sebspikes. Thanks.
Obama promised premiums would lower $2,500/yr for family of 4. In truth, healthcare will increase by $7,450 
Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love.
Graydon Carter, whose reign over failing @VanityFair has been a disaster, has acted in two movies--both bombed &amp; got bad reviews.
@raffie100  I'll bet you had a great son.
Please donu2019t pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to u201cdietu201d -- it is a total scam.
@TommyfromMalden: @realDonaldTrump Big fan Mr. Trump, you're Howard's most honest guest. TRUMP 2016 ! Always fun to do Howard's show.
@JustinHHSC  Wow--that's really nice!
@HRdiva_NY Thanks.
@bufordta2003: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president, he is what our country needs to get or economy going  Thanks!
@SonsofReagan                 n@realDonaldTrump Please post a Daily #Vine saying 'Obama You're Fired'! Thank You!
@JZXtreme: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump, the only man that can be President and make this Country turn a profit for once. Go Trump!
@T_Craig44: They don't have the incentive to move forward-@realDonaldTrump literally hit the nail on the head about welfare. #amen
Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls.  A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together.
@THESethFriend Thanks Seth!
@MICHELLE_GRACE_: @realDonaldTrump loved you on the letterman show. I have a whole new respect for you! continued success  Thanks!
Doesnu2019t dummy @chucktodd realize that when I considered running for president, I filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers.
SEAL who shot Bin Laden is unemployed &amp; canu2019t feed his family 
Review your work habits &amp; make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread water--get out there and go for it.
Going to Charlotte, NC to speak before more than 20,000 people on Saturday morningu2014total sellout crowdu2014will be great!
@b_stander: @realDonaldTrump I read your books, and I think America would do itself a favor to elect you as President.  Thanks.
New @RNC report calls for embracing u201ccomprehensive immigration reform.u201d 
Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy).
@thecoolestemma: @realDonaldTrump will there be a new season of Celebrity Apprentice?  YES!
Everyone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher!  Get going now and feel good about yourself!
@jreid1973 She was great!
Via @nypostu2019s @PageSix: u201cTrump researching 2016 runu201d 
@brogfro  That's true!
China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World, by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!
@MattyP941 Thanks Matthew!
Josh8J4                   n@realDonaldTrump I have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #USA Thank you.
@LaurieRobertson It will be fantastic! Be sure to visit.
Rory, Tiger, Phil and Ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at Trump National Doral.
Everyone should go see @HatingBreitbart.  Great documentary showcasing @AndrewBreitbartu2019s legacy.
@DigitalPianoMan: @realDonaldTrump You do more good just commenting on Twitter than most haters do their whole lives
I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC!
@Johns81366: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, Even though I'm not a Republican, I wrote your name on my ballot during the election. A wise move
Help fund @Dratzenbergeru2019s new show u2018American Madeu2019 on @fundanything 
If US Air and American Airlines are allowed to merge, we are back to the days of u201cmonopoly.u201d
@TheDorkKnite: #MentionSomebodyYouWantToMeet @realDonaldTrump The Man, the Myth, The Legend, The Donald  Thanks!
@ErikAunapuu: @realDonaldTrump I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen! Thank you.
@tglivak: @KingspeedSimms if you don't already follow @realDonaldTrump, you should. #youcanthankmelater  So true!
@Raul_Esquire  Thanks Raul.
@Austin_Bighurt @IvankaTrump  When we finish, it will be one of world's great hotels.
Congratulations to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke of @Deadspin for exposing the Manti Teu2019o fiasco.
On 1,300 acres in Charlottesville, @trumpwineryu2019s wine has been awarded the coveted Virginia Double Gold Medal 
@alexlyonnn @KendallMcVey  Sounds interesting.
@Lisa_goforth: @realDonaldTrump. Love Chicago trump hotel. Beautiful. Raises the bar for other hotels.
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge--everything starts with you.
@krokid2012: @NickFaldo006 @realDonaldTrump No joke.....The Donald would be a great #rydercup captain.  I agree.
@ShawnaTova  Very nice, thanks.
I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V. @tombrokow came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC  (Yankee Stadium)
...While I fully agree, it is not politically correct!  
If someone says u201cIu2019ll bet you ten dollarsu201d and loses the bet, itu2019s pay up time.
I'll be on @gretawire On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
@warrencasselljr: You're exactly what America needs Mr. Trump @realDonaldTrump 
@GilCharles: @realDonaldTrump can I get a RT for @PetsAliveWest in NY. Saving lots of animals.
@redellis1: @realDonaldTrump He must go... People like him r destroying our country and our principals!  Re lightweight A.G. Schneiderman
@JustJoanne247 @BarackObama  Of course I do--for good of country!
@rsims16: @realDonaldTrump you give me great motivation Mr Trump! You have done amazing things over the years! Now I'm on my way to the top
Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
@DannyZuker: .@realDonaldTrump I miss us. ud83dude22  Danny, I miss you tooooo!
Too bad about New York Magazine, but there's a much bigger one out there, currently doing a story on me to get even, that I'll soon discuss!
@leebandoni: @realDonaldTrump time for you to instruct the BBC to replace him, he has the personality of a tea bag
@Naplessun4664: @realDonaldTrump ...maybe you will be debating Hillary!  Maybe!
I'm at Trump Doral right now, Tiger will tee off shortly.
@Luv2raise: @realDonaldTrump Please, please run for President in 2016. We need something to look forward to &amp; someone to look up to!
I love watching dummy @mcuban promote on ok show named Shark Tanku2014but he is just a small part of that show.
@meenah83: @realDonaldTrump .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State..  ---And what a great country it would be!
Ever see @bluemangroup in performance? Theyu2019re fantastic. And so are Penn &amp; Teller. Donu2019t miss them. #CelebApprentice
@ZKoppe Work hard!
Remember, no one ever said success was easy.Good luck doesnu2019t come overnight.But if u work hard &amp; love it, u will find success &amp; luck.
@NYMag   I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York Ragazine-SAVE YOUR MONEY!
Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months!
Iu2019ll bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland  
.@Jimmyv3  @WWE Greatly appreciate your nice words re WrestleMania. Thatu2019s why you are such a respected writer.
Benghazi was a massive cover up.
Via @BreitbartNews by @LarryOConnor: TRUMP: NY MAG AILES STORY 'TOTAL BULLS**T' 
@Elianism: @realDonaldTrump Oh my gosh, that is so sexist ...just confirmed those pageants are solely for looks.  Isn't that terrible!
@prncsmo_ @LibertyU  Hi Morgan and good luck.
Good luck @RoccoMediate and nice hat! 
@MichaelPampena: @realDonaldTrump what's the J. stand for?  John.
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump and Jared on the big news.  I will have yet another grandchild this fall!
@assyrianvoice Thanks.
Remember when Obama promised u201cyou can keep your health care plan?u201d Not in these 10 states. 
@neilcromie Be smart &amp; work hard!
If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
u201cGood communicators control space.u201d u2013 Roger Ailes, u2018You Are The Message,u2019@FoxNews
@angryjustint: @realDonaldTrump is a true inspiration to all young entrepreneurs!  Thanks Justin and work hard!
@RealSonnyNewman: @realDonaldTrump wins @DannyZuker is afraid of you and knows he is a pathetic loser. Mr. Trump, you are a role model.
@DanyellaAngel  Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY).
Piers truly hates Omarosa!
@RustinNiles: @realDonaldTrump i hear ya Mr. Trump, but arguing with the left is like punching yourself in the face, a pointless endeavor.
Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club, Trump National Doral, are proud of you. NOW for game 7!
@Pattycake77777 Happy Birthday!
@michellemalkin @igo4par  True.
@morningmika   I'm watching Joe (who is 100% correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is!
@spewrange @sternshow Thanks.
@msmaddiexo Thank you.
@MemeFYG8: @realDonaldTrump You're inteligent, awesone and honest! you are my idol!:')  Thanks!
.@jacknicklaus has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!
@dennisrodman Thank you Dennis.
@GodfreyGR  Thanks Ian.
#TBT With @DonaldJTrumpJr almost 35 years ago- 
... Roveu2019s ad campaign has made Ashley Judd a totally credible candidate. Be careful Mitch!
@MKasun. Thanks.
@TeamSowards: Just had lunch at the Trump Towers! Classy taste Mr. Trump! Even my son thought it was awesome!
@GerhardM_com   Perhaps, but the Country is in really big trouble!  I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it).
People are always asking me about the very special word, CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning!
Why didn't Obama, as part of the negotiation, free the Christian Pastor Saeed Abedini?  
@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump If you have a problem-Think to yourself-What would Donald Trump do? The answer will come.  Thanks.
u201cPennies don't fall from heaven, they have to be earned here on earth. u2013 PM Margaret Thatcher (October, 13 1925 u2013 April, 8 2013)
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.
In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news, @ApprenticeNBC delivered a 31 percent margin of victory...
@David_S_Ballard  True!
@Carman_D           n@realDonaldTrump I hate that our country has come to this, our president has ruined our  country. Not totally, yet!
Big newsu2014WOWu2014U.S. economy shrinks!
I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
@MStuart1970 @foxandfriends  True!
Does anyone remember the fight @mcuban had w/ the refereeu2014he was weak &amp; patheticu2014a non-athlete trying to live life thru his players.
Danger-Weiner is a free man at 12:01AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on alert.
Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know, he works for me!
Lance Armstrong was given very,very bad advice!
@ctormes: @realDonaldTrump @anthonyolgin Do you think there's any chance of changing the course we're on? Yes, but we must move quickly!
2.  The celebrity with the highest totals by Tuesday noon ET gets an extra donation to his or her charityu2026
@christineinsatx  Thank you Christine.
u201cA true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@MichaelNidiffer: @realDonaldTrump Thoughts on Kerry visiting Seoul amid missile crisis.. Tell them that they must pay us for protection!
@TorresTerrell: @realDonaldTrump whoa.....what are they so mad about? #KeepCalm  Don't worry, it's just the same old losers and haters!
More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee, I wonder why?
@charliemurphy   Just remember, Arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for Donald J. Trump - he admits that - he will do great!
@ajbarker50: @realDonaldTrump do you try to make everything about you?  YES!
Remember Trump ties &amp; shirts @Macys for Fathers Day--your father will love you even more!
@ForeverMcIn: @realDonaldTrump Will I have the opportunity to vote for you in 2016? #votetrump  We will see, thanks!
@MasonChampion: I think I'm about to purchase Art of the Deal by @realDonaldTrump. Great!
Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$
@KevRedford Have fun, enjoy NYC.
Yea, NBC has increased all remaining Celebrity Apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 P.M. on Sunday!  Amazing show.
@mathewaiken Great!
@Santini1014  Thanks--a great building.
Joseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial!
Iraq is being ravaged by Al Qaeda. Country in utter chaos &amp; all oil is going to Iran &amp; China 
Oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel.  Ideally it should be $25.  Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries.
@Cristaly: @realDonaldTrump you're the worst person  Thank you!
My @Shalom_TV interview discussing my video endorsement of @IsraeliPM @netanyahu and past visits to @Israel 
The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head!
#3.  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
I can't believe @VanityFair would renew Graydon Carter's contract......
@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole  Which hotel?
u201cWe build too many walls and not enough bridges.u201d - Isaac Newton
@brooklynvd: @realDonaldTrump is my favourite person on twitter.Thank you-my honor!
@HeatherChilders   Thanks Heather, and you do a great job on FOX!
@jsheehangolf: Why is @realDonaldTrump not running this country??? He is a genius and gets it.
@2ndNatureShh: @realDonaldTrump What are your thoughts on this @Paula_Deen drama? Paula has to stop apologizing and get back to work!
@rpbriggs: @realDonaldTrump on @HowardStern tomorrow morning is going to be great. Donald is such an entertaining interview. Thanks.
Help save the lives of our troops.Our #vets suffering from TBI/PTS need treatment @makeitvisible Donate to 
For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what, when and where they will be doing in a future attack!
Less than one week away from implementation, ObamaCareu2019s small business exchanges are not ready!
..... He knows I donu2019t respect him.
Whatever you are doing right now, make sure to stop for a minute, focus and ask yourself u201cAm I thinking BIG?u201d
@jeannewmanglock  In Charlottesville, Virginia...
SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
I am proud to announce our newest project, Trump Tower Mumbai. Together with the Lodha Group, it will be incredible! 
@Menasseu: @realDonaldTrump I'll be richer than you when I reach your age! #DreamBig  GREAT, go for it!
@eddiecash23 Great and best of luck!
The Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!
Negotiation tip: Be patient, be persistent, be stubborn. Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself.
@888maggie888: @realDonaldTrump @FKTrey Reading The Donald Tweets and wise words are essential to my morning routine. #Greatest  Thanks M.
@josephmcasey: Why would @HISTORY ever choose @realDonaldTrump to discuss the industrial revolution. #facepalm  Because they are smart!
@HoneyBadger210: @realDonaldTrump Remember when Obama said Bush raising the debt ceiling was unpatriotic? 
@Wolfrum: @GoAngelo Remember when @realDonaldTrump was going to sue you?  I can't sue him-my shirts and ties are doing great at Macy's!
Why does@ Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400, 000, 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic!
Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value &amp; wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be!
@DaltonStoltz: @realDonaldTrump 2.1 Mil. Followers vs. @DannyZuker 189 Thous. @realDonaldTrump is WINNING! #GreaterInfluence He has nothing
Which team is your favorite?
@MeghanFaheyy Great!
Getting ready to leave @TrumpDoral and the brand new Blue Monster course--it's unbelievable!
@WVUChemE: @realDonaldTrump The real shark tank is the boardroom on @ApprenticeNBC !
Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships, the stealth bombers, the destinations-so ridiculous!
No surprise Saudis turned down spot on UN Security Council. They donu2019t want  responsibility. Just have us do their heavy lifting.
@Timm_Martin I understand, thanks.
@Lord_Sugar  Much more than anybody knows dopey, much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail.
@GoHarderFitness: @realDonaldTrump Just checked in at Trump Itnl Hotel Las Vegas. We love our amazing suite! Thank you!  Enjoy!
@rilwanemeje  Thank you.
u201cLet other people talk.  Any business conversation should be two-sided.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
Economics behind ugly, bird killing wind turbines do not work--will destroy Scotland's beautiful coastline. (cont) 
@AdityaTaday   Thank you!
@DurangoRick: @realDonaldTrump Thoughts on Obama pledging 7B US $$ to unleash the power of entrepreneurship.. in Africau201d??   Crazy!
@josephkuye: @realDonaldTrump I genuinely believe that the American apprentice is better than the UK one...  Very true!
@MyStateTalk: @realDonaldTrump For President 2016 we need to end the madness we need a leader like you in office!!!  Thank you.
@jeffanie Thank you.
@Eckbowman: @realDonaldTrump Donald the course you have given us in Scotland is world class! Thank you!
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
@andre_c26: Went into your hotel on 5th avenue today, it's amazing. #nicejob @realDonaldTrump Thanks.
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syria,fix U.S.A.
Watch @extratv's spot covering the first annual Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago 
u201cDo whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. Youu2019ll absolutely need them.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the most exclusive &amp; elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities 
Must read article: u201cConservative Fury at Rove Eruptsu201d 
@inshapp776: @realDonaldTrump I just stayed at the Trump hotel in Vegas. I love it!!! Great!
@francaselles  Thank you.
Letu2019s see what happens in the boardroomu2026 #CelebApprentice
@dannydamico67                n@realDonaldTrump may not agree with your political stance, but your golf courses are unreal  Thx (I think)
@JackVoices   You are correct, but he is so easy!
@CodyBaine: @realdonaldtrump your passion for entertainment biz is so great that it bought you a name recognition outside business field
@WalterOzaraga @TrumpTowerNY Thanks.
@Jaytotheford: @realDonaldTrump how did you like espn 30/30 on USFL?  A total piece of garbage by a third rate producer who hated DJT.
@Bertoldo1269 @billmaher  True!
@JIMHENDLEY81: @realDonaldTrump I agree Donald Please run for president. Your alot smarter than Hillary. America needs you.  Thanks!
Negotiation tip: Be reasonable &amp; flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation.
Fox and.Friends now!
@FamousUmair   That's great!
@KenToidi8 @billmaher Yes, but we must act soon.
@DolehNYC Quite nice, thanks!
@RebaForever58   Yes.
@TimWristen They must go to a larger screen.
@MissCastilloH Thanks Gaby.
@ArronJ1  Find something you love doing--you have to have passion for your work. Then work hard and keep focused. Good luck!
@bitchforshort  Victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these innocent boys were doing?
@KyleMcCall4   So true-Alex Salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people!
@GlobalGolfPost Thank you.
@TrumpSoHou2019s four restaurants provide guests with a wide range of choices, each embodying excellence 
@RACentrone  Thanks Robert.
Weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5%, a 6 month high 
@CoryMacRae  Yes I am--I am saving it from wind turbine destruction!
u201cThe harder you work, the luckier you  get.u201d - Gary Player
@pearlharry  Thank you!
@RICHNYJETS: @realDonaldTrump dam right. Let them fight among themselves. Save our men and women's lives. Save our money. None of our bus.
Chuck Hagelu2019s nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days.  A lot can happen.
An ad hoc interview I filmed with a German journalist at Ground Zero hours after the attack 
Pervert alert! Sexter Anthony Weiner will be running for Mayor of New York City.
@sellassellas @billmaher Thanks Brandon.
@murphy756: @realDonaldTrump I patiently await for Mr. Trump to throw the towel in the ring ! He will never be beaten by anyone !
@andfor1: u201c@Toure: @realDonaldTrump Syria is a complex and dynamic situation. No one would expect you to comprehend it.u201d Nor Obama! So true
@VintageSmitty Eric--True!
@AdriannaMarie: I think you're an amazing person and a huge inspiration to me! Just ordered your books! Can't wait to read them!! Thanks.
...Who says the death penalty is not a deterrent?
What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash?  WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really off.
@pbrooks65. Great taste, enjoy!
@JulesPQ Thanks--glad it was good.
@Barbaric_Yawwp.  Sadly, it's worthless!
Is @karlrove incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
@Toure  Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason
@DMurkowitz: Best part of my Monday morning commute @realDonaldTrump on @foxandfriends  Thanks David!
.@HBO should fire @BillMaher and bring back @DennisDMZ- someone that is actually funny.
@AdamMKE: @realDonaldTrump my 1st book report in 5th grade was on The Art of the Deal ~1988.  Great, Adam, and you hit big!
@dwade85: @realDonaldTrump just book Trump Las Vegas, for a few nights vacation with my kids (15,13,10). Will we like it? Yes, is great!
@jonathanarenas8: Mr @realDonaldTrump ignores Latinos can not be the # 1 Love Latinos, just look at Trump National Doral in Miami.
Donald Trump visits Doral resort, says heu2019s allaying neighborsu2019 concerns 
@RoySchuhmacher: @samahDanash I own a fitness business all over the the Bay Area on CA. So @realDonaldTrump has been a HUGE motivator.
@TerryScotland @AlexSalmond  Which they should!
Congrats to Pres.Obama on having 3 of @washingtonpost's u201cbiggest Pinocchios of the yearu201d 
@BretBaier: Thx RT @JedediahBila Well done, @BretBaier Thurs Cable News Ratings: Fox's Bret Baier Beats CNN, MSNBC, HLN Combined.
@CUREHDSAORG: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for caring about Huntingtons Disease! You are amazing! So many blessings your way! Thank you!
@chillychillman: @kieronfowler @realDonaldTrump the man is a legend Very nice!
@MatthewLumby @VattenfallGroup No, the project sucks!
@dashinglis: @realDonaldTrump @robin1260 I'm in the states next week and whenever I am there I always buy Trump shirts and ties. I luv em
@pennjillette Thanks Penn, will be interesting--see you soon!
@WesDunn  Wilson!
@BeatsByRay: @realDonaldTrump you're a legend.  Thanks Ray, I know!
Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!
@Mikeveltman Good luck again!
Congrats to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska on a great five years!
@JCRIV305  Thank you.
People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that I work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
@hellcat1963  Thanks Ann.
It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! #FundAnything
@gwhitttttton.  Thanks!
@DJCastiello Thanks.
@MooreReva Thanks Myriam--starts on Sunday March 3rd @NBC at 9 pm EST
@_stacys_mom_: I just love @realDonaldTrump.  Thank you.
If @VattenfallGroup dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in Aberdeen, who is (cont) 
@Smile4Riley: @realDonaldTrump Just ONE TWEET from The Donald Could CHANGE Lil Riley of NJs Life Post HEART/LUNG Transplant u2661
Only 88,000 jobs were added this past March. Prediction was 190,000. Businesses canu2019t expand with Obama Care &amp; high taxes on horizon.
.@Playboy Playmate of the Year @BrandenRoderick returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice--she is smart &amp; beautiful.
@Triggerracing  That sounds great--a bad woman.
@A_Roy0317: I am proud to say as a first time voter I already know that I will vote for @realDonaldTrump in 2016. #youthvote #change #proud
My @foxandfriends int. on the Zimmerman trial &amp; verdict, courage of the jury and reactions! 
@MWiggans @ESPNGolf @CadillacChamp  Thanks M.
@birchtrees47: @realDonaldTrump cause there wouldn't be any scandals if you were in office..  TRUE-and no stupidity!
Watch Gary B tonight on Celebrity Apprentice-some really crazy things happen!
@desktodesk7: @realDonaldTrump I'm hoping the history books read Donald Trump led America out of it's darkest times. Wow, very nice!
Another great shot from the beginning of construction at @DoralResort. 
@fundanything's Veteran Military Dogs campaign seeks to rehabilitate veteran K9s and find them a home 
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
@Jim_W_Magee Thank you!
u201cAll-Star Celebrity Apprenticeu201d is #1 in the time period among ABC, CBS and NBC in 18-49 and all other key demosu2014Nielsen Ratings
@jerrimoore: @realDonaldTrump @RyanSeanHeron A beautiful brilliant daughter @IvankaTrump  True!
@misskhan  Thank you.
@LMowle: @realDonaldTrump Pls hlp &amp; sign &amp; rt ned 10k signatures stacey7 has cancer &amp; very ill in hosp 
A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and many others have played the game.Thanks!
Via @washtimes: Donald Trump warns of u2018dangerous precedentu2019 in Cyprus bank skimming 
Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
@AlbertoSidney: @realDonaldTrump excellent service #Doral  Thanld.
Obamau2019s goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off, by over 910,000 
@anitanewell   Interesting.
@StanMorris: @realDonaldTrump Your books, especially The Art of the Deal, are masterpieces in business literature. I'm a fan, sir. Thanks.
@BeaumontAnthony: @realDonaldTrump at least u give a honest opinion Mr trump   and correct!
. @OMAROSA is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on @ApprenticeNBC.
@mjayshilling  Thanks.
@KathyLooper Thanks.
@truckncargirl @piersmorgan True!
@apb51283: America needs a strong leader with an innovative mind. @realDonaldTrump, you are that leader (and nobody else is even close). T
Scary. Over 8,332,000 Americans left the work force during Obama's first term 
If ObamaCare is so amazing, then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListen
Via @PoliticalTicker: u201cTRENDING: Trump a right-leaning tower at CPACu201d 
@RogerRainier: It seems like @realDonaldTrump's #golf course in Scotland is getting great reviews! I really must go! 
Ashley Judd Targeted by @karlrove's Super PAC in Ad (Video) 
@dave_twit29  Thanks Dave.
@Mary_Eg: @realDonaldTrump Sir, that was a great interview you had with Piers, keep up the good work sir  Thank you.
@PierceCorey   Great going!
@FloydMayweather  The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse)
Why isnu2019t AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is u201cmissing?u201d
Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!
@TVTango @BillRancic  Great reminder--thanks.
Not only did Egypt destroy its civil society w/ the Muslim Brotherhood, now it is a complete economic mess 
@noall   Thank you!
@FashionArtlady: @realDonaldTrump DT, do you think kids are overmedicated and over diagnosed in the USA?  Yes!
Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again!
@tanjas_world  Tanja--never give up!
@jamieaydt: One day I hope to be successful &amp; a bit controversial like @realDonaldTrump ...keeping things interesting &amp; classy Go for it!
u201cTRUMP TO CPAC: BUILD A GREAT ECONOMYu201d 
Great piece by @EWErickson @RedState exposing how Karl 1.6% Rove cooked a poll in support of ObamaCare 
Can you believe that President Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more, more, more and refuses to sign deal. Tell him to go to hell!
@MasSergio: @realDonaldTrump the fucking truth we need our jobs back! That won't happen without new leadership!
@JNorr11  Yes--and thanks.
@SteveRickettsSP  Great!
What a great couple... Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron. They are both winners!
.@DannyZuker Youu2019re starting up again because people have forgotten you. You wouldnu2019t take my bet but itu2019s (cont) 
@go_onrob   The show is a joke in comparison to the original Apprentice, but it does pay me a lot of money.
The past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since WWII 
@my_deeary: I wish @realDonaldTrump would teach me all his little secrets to success  Good idea!
Hypocrites! @JamesOKeefeIIIu2019s new video shows Journal News reporters refusing to designate their homes as u2018gun freeu2019 
@vexnerd  I did a great thing for Scotland!
@pjpaton: Wind Mills are highly dangerous - They tend to sheer off blades and catch fire in gales and storms @realDonaldTrump  True!
@IamToneAntone: @realDonaldTrump 2016 is your year and I will do everything God gave me to show my Appreciation @IamToneAntone XOXO
I will be on@gretawire tonight at 10 P.M. Now I know she will get great ratings!
@itscharlotteann Thanks!
@HeyMACCC: I feel like the only people who hate @realDonaldTrump are people who can't handle the truth...he tells it how it is.
@Josephciarla Thanks Joseph.
@Doug_E_Fresh2: @realDonaldTrump with you as POTUS we'd probably have a $600,000,000 surplus! #Trump2016
I wonder who @ArsenioHall's first guest will be---- his show will be great!
@Tedieballgame @Macys Me too, thanks!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going.
Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdownu2014an interesting turn!
If @OMAROSA is not in the Board Room, I canu2019t fire her.  @latoyajackson made a strategic mistake.
For accurate reporting of my @CPACnews speech, read @PoliticalTicker, @Newsmax_Media, @politico, @HuffPostPol....
The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!
@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole  What are the dates for the hotel stay?
@TheMayorMatt  Interesting and often true!
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B, Icahn, Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters!
@EAWIII Yes, and thanks.
Looking forward to my @theFAMiLYLEADER summit visit and speech.
@jmuoio88: Pretty sure the reason @realDonaldTrump is so rich is because that guy never drank a drop of alcohol in his life That helped!
@Ashonair101 Thanks Metalchick!
Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast, they are all winners!  From beginning over $13 million for charity.
@jodiyilek             n@realDonaldTrump you have my vote! u2605u2605u2605u2605u2605  Thanks.
The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC, a sad and pathetic show, are way down. If they fired racist moron @Toure, a truly stupid guy, they live!
@John923: @realDonaldTrump I agree...But what have you done lately?  More than ever before!
Obamau2019s carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated, wildlife killed, incl. bald eagles
@trumpwinery's sparkling, white &amp; red wine collections have won numerous  major awards &amp; acclaim including 
@Americanwoman00: @realDonaldTrump Great interview on Greta. Can I tell you that I think that you are awesome? Thank you!
Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
Notice the first word in my Think Big credo: Think = the 1st step. Use everything in your power to utilize &amp; develop that capacity.
Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests.
... to build a wind farm and destroy this view!
Re Omarosa: Nasty, tough or smart...or all?
Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman, who has been a total failure in office, failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. - Golda Meir
.@mcuban  Mark, okay with me but don't start your bullshit again!
Just did an interview with my friend @MarkSimoneNY.  Congratulations to Mark on his new show on @WOR710.
Via @AP: u201cDonald, Ivanka Trump say DCu2019s Old Post Office Pavilion will be 1 of countryu2019s finest hotelsu201d 
@Sajiah: 1 of the first ties bought my sweetheart was Trump from Macy's on 34th w/cuff links. Thx 4 shootingstraight.  Great!
@scottgray0622  Thanks Scott. .
@MikeKunert @JerryRice True.
@Looayg  Thanks and good luck.
Derek Jeteru2019s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a true @Yankees captain. Look forward to seeing him back on the field
One of the many reasons that @VattenfallGroup dropped out of windfarm projectu2014they couldnu2019t solve military radar defense problems
.@ArceePalabrica @realDonaldTrump Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge
Via @MiamiHerald:Donald Trump to be inducted into WWE Hall of Fame 
#TBT Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewart really liked me? From 2004. 
@381days  Thank you.
@DaveInChrist             n@realDonaldTrump @EncouragedEve @NaghmehAbedini This is great!! How awesome of Mr. Trump!  Thank you.
@billyharry1: @realDonaldTrump they do the same with @HowardStern. @DannyZuker can't carry Howard's jock!
@WarrenBuffett insists that without changes to Obamacare average citizens will suffer.u201d 
I remained strong for @TigerWoods during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral.
Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)!
Be sure to read my column in @cnni u201cEurope is terrific place for investmentu201d 
A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!
On Monday, ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums, higher taxes and part-time replacement employees.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.  - Douglas MacArthur
@julibanko: Missing my days at #trumpwinery. @realDonaldTrump is my hero.  Thank you.
@msinger456: @realDonaldTrump congrats on winning in Chicago! People think they can sue for anything and will pull any card. Thanks.
@scienceinvestme: @realDonaldTrump hows this 4 gratitude 4saving their neck?Kuwait Airways 2 spend near $3B on 25 Airbus jets.
@Millionayer  Hi and thanks.
@NYCJennie: @realDonaldTrump would you mind retweeting this flier please. You could help me save 4 year old Jayden's life! Go Jayden!
In other words, our military has a very big problem!
Help fight autism--go to 
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
@LanaH11 @IvankaTrump Thanks.
Via @Suntimes: Trump wins at trial, calls woman suing him 'horrible human being' n
@seanofkbio: @TrumpGolfLinks @realDonaldTrump what a coarse, what service. A jewel of Scotland 
@KaburuOle: u201c@realDonaldTrump: Good advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: u201cTrust in God and be true to yourself.u201du201dAwesome advice.
My ties &amp; shirts at Macyu2019s are doing great. Stupid @GoAngelo is making people aware of how good they are!
@RuRu_89 thanks
@EWErickson @hunterbaker Erick--Thanks--and that was an easy one--closed for eight years!
@jessilin02  Fantastic food--thanks.
Unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them
@southpaw816 @WSJSports @MikeBloomberg @jacknicklaus So nice, thank you.
1.5M have already lost their health care plans thanks to ObamaCare 
u201cDon't find fault, find a remedy.u201d -- Henry Ford
Now I know that Yahoo is in good hands. It took great courage for @marissamayer to take away the right of employees to work at home.
@gilbertobm Thanks Gilberto and good luck.
I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.  Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M.
u201cHereu2019s the truth, the gov't doesnu2019t shutdownu201d 
@scubapoet: Hell, reality gets under his skin. :D RT @Toure: I think @realDonaldTrump blocked me.   True, because you're a boring racist!
Will Plan B miss Trace?
@rayk71 Happy Birthday Ray.
@NearBatman: @realDonaldTrump You aRe my favoUrite! Someday U Could be prez. How About a rt Good luck.
@AustinOdusanya1                  n@realDonaldTrump you are a great mentor. I have all your books  Great--good luck!
@MikeFromTN @mcuban @JeremyPage3011 Thanks Michael.
When it comes to money, finance and even life, PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF!
.@DannyZuker I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture, you'll never be in front of the camera!
@KrissySummers88: @realDonaldTrump @TheOaklandPress Awesome! I'm from Michigan.Thanks-the crowd was great and I loved making that speech!
Product integration is very important. #CelebApprentice
@leeboggs: @realDonaldTrump Turbines in US have killed many bald eagles w/o penalities.
@silvermarie2001: @realDonaldTrump whats wrong with canadians?  Nothing except they are too smart for U.S. leaders to deal with!
u201cIf you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?u201d - John Wooden
@MichaelCoffey1  I hope so!
Entrepreneurship is engine of American success. I bring it to crowdfunding w/ @fundanything's $1M RECORD reward 
My @gretawire interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary, our $17T national debt &amp; 2016 election 
.@THEGaryBusey as Project Manager... is Team Power in trouble?? #CelebApprentice
@koneslager         n@realDonaldTrump - just finishing Midas Touch...Thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book Thx.
@HogmanjemJack: @realDonaldTrump After Obama bailed out GM for $80 Billion, 7 out of 10 GM cars made in China!
@DorianDehari  Thanks Dorian--it pays to persevere.
Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what, when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late!
If you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers, then you havenu2019t spent enough time on it.
The ObamaCare website is unfixable &amp;  rumor has it that they will stop checks &amp; balancesu2014a free-for-all that will cost the country trillions
I will be on ON THE RECORD @gretawire tonight at 10 pm
Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again!
@AustinSaysThat  Great!
@LanaH11: @realDonaldTrump I've tried watching it a few times and think it is one of the dumbest shows ever! How can it win awards?
FLASHBACK -  October 9, 2012: u201cDonald Trump: Jobs Numbers Are 'A Lot Of Monkey Business'u201d 
@jbailey1987   Yes we can oh foolish one, terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!
@MaridythN: @realDonaldTrump You need to run for President. Your take-no-BS attitude is what we need in this country!
Putin re Snowden issue u201cit is like shearing a pig: thereu2019s lots of squealing and little fleece.u201d
@RobertSuppa. Thanks
The sexual abuse that is so rampant has, according to generals, greatly weakened our military. They have failed to stop it.
We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!
13 BILLION, 4.5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J.P.Morgan just made. Why don't they FIGHT? No wonder they keep getting sued.
It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash, but why aren't they testing - who knows?
@Gonzobeachboy  I don't go away!
... and pay per view records with u201cBattle of the Billionairesu201d in Detroit. It was a wild day!
@Brock2120: @realDonaldTrump I remember when Schneiderman was 2nd in command to Patterson on the D side. Can you believe those two?
740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings.
@noslenevets  I agree.
I watched Mark Cuban on Jay Leno last night - what a jerk!
@strommer07 Yes and thanks.
@Doyle5sMom  Thanks!
@adamscott - I am really proud of you Adam - I'll see you soon at Trump National Doral!
@bat211: @realDonaldTrump @capetown58 Obama wanted Mubarak out and his pals from Muslim brotherhood in. As usual what he does is a disaster
@adhietAK85: This is my favorite person, @realDonaldTrump.. Greatest bussinesman in the world !! I want to be like him  Thank you.
Doing a commercial for @NFLONFOX- lots of fun! 
Bringing true luxury to the Windy City, @TrumpChicago soars 92 levels over the Chicago River 
u201cIf you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.u201d u2013 Think Big
I will be on Greta @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
@Traceybabe8  Work hard and keep at it!
@DSlagle132: @realDonaldTrump there should be an All Star NBA No-Tattoo Team....would there be anyone available?
@vabeachrpm: @realDonaldTrump great gifts for my hard working husband! Love Macy's!
.@FranksFight  Keep fighting, Frank! Never give up!
@DArmstrong23: @realDonaldTrump awesome job on Letterman! Thought it was a great, funny interview. Invite me to Doral!!! Thanks David!
@MattAstro: wish they'd name the royal baby after @realDonaldTrump  Great idea after having built the greatest golf course in the World!
Even the liberal CRS is now reporting Obama Care will cause 200% premium increases  @Newsmax_Media
The real estate market is slowly improving.  Still a great time to buy.  You will thank me in 5 years.
The United States needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!
@festenoc True and thanks.
@kaplunm        n@realDonaldTrump thoughts on Snowden being granted asylum in Russia? No respect for U.S. by Russia.
Our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500B.  This is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas.
The lady in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500, 000 and is sophisticated  &amp; vicious. She made up a story &amp; plays the age card - bad!
u201cDonald Trump offers political advice to Palm Beach Republicansu201d 
@BrentLudington Thanks!
Make the Boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. Once he is well he will say, speak to my lawyers.
@CharleyDummer: @realDonaldTrump the whole UK supports you in the #2016 elections we all love watching the apprentice USA here.
@MrsDaRe: @jimbhoyx @realDonaldTrump If you hate him so much then why do you follow him? Because these people are serious losers (&amp; lonley)
@willeshirey                  n@realDonaldTrump so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart man  Great.
All-Star @ApprenticeNBC, premiering March 3rd on @NBC, features terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great.
@ghosttoast99  I do--and say hello to Carson.
@DEN_RG: Where's @realDonaldTrump this Saturday morning? Twitter not as much fun without The Donald!  I agree 100% - and thanks!
Thx Mark--I appreciate your words about the school. You sound like you're doing well--happy for you. @businessinsider 
Amazing!  Watch @NHLBruins fans take over National Anthem during pregame ceremonies 
Tina Brown could finally be over.  @thedailybeast is a total failure. She just got fired, great!
@John_Monteforte  Thank you.
China watched Obamau2019s press conference yesterday salivating.  We will be borrowing trillions more from them.
See story in The Scotsman re: wind turbines- 
Business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. Keep it short, fast and direct. - Think Like a Champion
.@LilJonu2019s take on @piersmorgan seems to be a classic love-hate combo. Piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #CelebApprentice
Frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us.
@jackiediop  Thanks.
A-Rod is now being investigated for continued doping 
.@Lawrence is the poor man's left wing @oreillyfactor(with no ratings)!
@kristinaoakes: @realDonaldTrump No, you're overrated.  By who, a moron lile you!
Read about how this hotel came into being in my book u201cNever Give Upu201du2014itu2019s quite a story. #CelebApprentice @TrumpNewYork
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway. - John Wayne
@McHaleFrank Thanks and good luck.
.@WineEnthusiast just awarded Trump Vineyardu2019s Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine in Virginia... 
For the sake of New York City, all recent sexting victims of Anthony u2018Carlos Dangeru2019 Weiner should come forward.
u201cTrump, Dana-Farber waiting on Bill Maheru201d 
@NY2DC_N_BACK @blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan Wrong, Piers is smart &amp; tough and, when you get to know him, a really good guy--and loyal!
@RavDaddy: @realDonaldTrump who should they looking at? I would tell@ CNN if they were smart enough to ask!
As I predicted long ago, the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy
Nelson Mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed. 
@OfficialMelB &amp; @ThomasARoberts are hosting Trump @MissUniverse 2013 Pageant 
@hosscasey  Happy birthday Matt.
@Cleggermeister  Thank you!
@RSOilers: @realDonaldTrump It's time for Trump Care! Trump in 16! Save our country!  Our Country needs help and leadership fast.
@johnbravo_1: @realDonaldTrump @kmac5911 @mcuban Hey Donald! What's the best confidence builder?   Going against losers like Mark Cuban!
@davidrhythmguit: @realDonaldTrump @Chuffman48 Mark Cuban accepts the fact that the President of the United States was born here. Doubt it
Great photo with @IvankaTrump and @Joan_Rivers from this week's @ApprenticeNBC- 
Trump @DoralResort is hosting the WGC @cadillacchamp from March 6th u2013 10th.  Join me--I will be there all four days.
@bishopcoggins: @realDonaldTrump Tomorrow morning I will be sporting my Trump Collection, Tie &amp; Cuffs!!!
@SocialMediaBowl  I have just responded!
Whereu2019s the leadership? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since ObamaCare passed  
@Sir_JamesM: Mr @realDonaldTrump I admire your determination so much, my best wishes to you and your family. Thank you.
@NYCTiggy  3 minutes.
Experience is the teacher of all things. -  Julius Caesar
u201cTrump to build second Scottish courseu201d 
@alexmoose454_: @realDonaldTrump SO!..... Are you running in 2016 or NO? We need you!!
.@TraceAdkins isnu2019t excited about their ideas. Are you? #CelebApprentice
u201cCompete with yourself to be the best you can be.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@tbott22 @HowardStern  Thanks.
George Ross and I have done some great real estate deals together. Heu2019s a tough negotiator. #CelebApprentice
@OriginalArts1  Thank you, it is great. You have real talent!
@michael_mkw10: @realDonaldTrump when will u decide if you are going to run in 2016? Got to love the Trump brand but Trump presidency best!
@Jahbalon: Why is Sierra Club not speaking up for the birds slain by turbines? MUST READ from biologist 
I have accepted @billmaheru2019s $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the @jayleno show).
Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano, retired CEO of IBM, should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting!
@hamodavo @PrimetimeEmmys  But true!
Medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving 
... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works. - Think Big
Congratulations to @RobinRoberts on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery.  Robin is a special person.
Great line from @TheGaryBusey:  u201cI am an angel in an earth suit.u201d Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
Via @HeraldWeekly by Lauren Odomirok: Trump, Norman play renovated golf course 
Flashback: Donald Trump: $200M plan for Doral 
@JoeCodling: @realDonaldTrump your book's doing well in the UK mate.   Thanks.
Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $.  Looks like a good season for charities.
@JFordEureka: Love the ties! Where can I get them? @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump #celebapprentice Macy's!
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
@Candynecklace2: @realDonaldTrump I love love love Mr. Trump he is my hero ud83dude18u2764 Thanks.
@GarryKennedy: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Greta tonight! I am a huge fan and you really inspire me!  Thank you.
@Chloe_Eliise: I really hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president in 2016  Thanks, so do many people, our country is going to hell!
@codyaa722: @realDonaldTrump are they going too low for you at Trump Doral? Yes
@kindlerusso: I mean it when I say I would take a bullet for @realDonaldTrump    Wow, how nice - thanks!
Via @politico: Donald Trump to get more CPAC time than Marco Rubio 
.@TigerWoods is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open.  He will have a great year.
@BaitedTrap: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President!!! America needs you!
@DannyZuker Loser Danny is obsessed with Trump.
@MaryFallacaro Thanks Mary.
@KimStagliano: @realDonaldTrump When will NYT write about vaccine damage and its price? 3 girls w autism here, Mr. Trump. They should Kim!
I donu2019t know Dennis Kozlowski, who made Tyco into a great company &amp; then went to prison, but heu2019s up for paroleu2014let him go!
@paulmilton28 @HowardStern Thanks Paul.
@whartonmagazine: Open up your LinkedIn account today and you may see this article about @realDonaldTrump, W'68. 
Itu2019s very sad that the administration isnu2019t sending anyone to Margaret Thatcheru2019s funeral. She was a big U.S. supporter.
@FillingerJoanne: @realDonaldTrump you have the best show ever and you can tell everyone I said so. You my BFF  Thanks Joanne!
@robertgwinjr. I hope so!
@shineb4 @jayleno @billmaher Thanks
Congrats to @BarbaraJWalters on winning  the @MadeinNY Mayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara!
@sergiohed: @realDonaldTrump hey, bring miss universe back to brazil again!  That will happen, next up Moscow-November 9.
@bdeal10: @realDonaldTrump you should be our next President. This country would be in much better shape if you would have run in 2012!True
@BrandiHarmon   Good luck.
@african11   But I love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do!
I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun!
Via @UrbanTurf_DC: Trump Releases Renderings For Old Post Office Building 
@Dropz11: @realDonaldTrump @Chloe_Eliise Unfortunately, the good men like Trump only run for President once a century.  Thank you.
@RobertKarlPoker  Thank you.
Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact, and focus on the positives.
Remember, as a senator, Obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling 
Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST, and 6:00PM EST, to the QVC network to watch my wife @MELANIATRUMP...
Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next.
@sroyboyk: @realDonaldTrump How much $ did you start with? Not a hater, just trying to get an answer. A tiny fraction of what I have built.
@Keegs_Dad: @realDonaldTrump I've been a fan of yours for almost 25 years    Wow, great!
@grantgphoto My best wishes.
u201cGoing with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.u201d u2013 Think Big
Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!
Too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes!
@pennjillette: @Ctwilki @realDonaldTrump Well, thanks so much.  Penn, it was great having you, terrific job!
@DJHago: @realDonaldTrump Re Scotland. I'm in Scotland and you are absolutley right about the wind farms. Hideous and horrible things.
Look great for Thanksgiving. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, offers top men's styles 
Wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wakeu2014stop ugly turbines.
@WusongTweet Thanks Wusong.
@kormylo: @realDonaldTrump In my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016 - our country needs you!  We sure need somebody-FAST!
@firdousalidr: @realDonaldTrump off to your lovely Aberdeen golf club tomorrow.  Just got ranked number one by Golf Week Mag. - enjoy it!
@Clarko76: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump my girlfriend and I just getting booked up for your hotel in soho. Looking forward to a great stay.
Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp; less on her ego!
Everyone is telling me that @EliotSpitzer is going to run against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--Spitzer would win!
@1DavidKim @TrumpToronto Great!
People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going. -- @TheEllenShow
@JeffBirotweets: Thoroughly enjoyed watching @realDonaldTrump and @DannyZuker twitter fight. At least Danny has the better hair. He's bald!
@TheOtherRosie: @realDonaldTrump @kmcs1957 Do you have someone you would trust to run your businesses while you were president?  My kids!
@VanessCeballos  Be concise.
@NickTripp86: @realDonaldTrump @rodmonium91 What is the most important lesson you've learned in business? Never give up!
Weu2019re singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year...
@rbdwalker: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Played Trump Golf Links Scotland last week - by far the best course in the world!! Thank you.
@chrisfalcodrago: @realDonaldTrump my desktop in the office 
@RamiroDamil. Thanks.
@Chadillac107 True and thanks!
By the way, New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must start going after all of the energy that lies just below our feet (now)!
@jacadere: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump is right again. The Republicans need to stick together and let the Dems be blamed.
@10AJMcCarron  Great game against Tennessee  by the most unappreciated (by the media) quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos!
@TRACECOWGIRL @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice .@TraceAdkins is a fantastic guy!
Fracking poses ZERO health risks 
Congrats to @JoeTorre, @TonyLaRussa &amp; Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to @MLBu2019s @BaseballHall! Great leaders &amp; managers.
@teresayarbor: @realDonaldTrump @wallsburg I remember you supported John McCain just like I did. That is correct, thank you!
@ccalder0811 Thank you.
Brent Musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before.
Like it or not, haters and losers, everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.
Karl Roveu2019s stupid ad made Ashley Judd hotu2014now everybody is talking about her.
@WalterHorsting: Arctic Ice Extent Highest In A Decade 
Come on MLB, do the right thing! Let @PeteRose_14 into the Hall.  No drugsu2014just hard work and talent!
u201cHe who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.u201d - Muhammad Ali
@TalFalco: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for Mr.Trump every time
Obama has unilaterally &amp; unconstitutionally drawn 4 ObamaCare exemptions for his friends. All @GOP wants is (cont) 
The Tea Party is filled with great Americans.  Despite being mistreated by everyone, including @GOP, they will continue to fight on
@theronnivp Thank you!
@StuartyPhilpott @johfax  I have a 93% approval rating in Scotland.
@TristenHeath: @realDonaldTrump what's the secret to all your success?  Always need good and sound concepts and ideas-THEN, NEVER GIVE UP!
@Drake4444444    I never knew but thanks for the compliment!
@KeyAgents: @realDonaldTrump is a no nonsense man, he means what he says, and does what he intends and sets out to do. I'm a fan of great
Now AP is banning the term illegal immigrants What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing!
@jomaraneta: @realDonaldTrump I'm a small business owner in nj..not easy, but you inspire me to try harder and be successful.. thank you..
@RobertUndefined  Work hard, study, read 'The Art of the Deal' and  Midas Touch
@thomas_waller: @realDonaldTrump Great job! Way to take the high road on his attacks on conservatism. Your always a class act! Thanks Tom!
Back by popular demand, @TraceAdkins delivers in the upcoming @CelebApprentice All-Stars season. Yes, he sings.
@abaldwin31 Thanks.
@PabloRaffaele  Good thing to remember.
@GjelajG @ForQ2  Thanks--very nice.
@jwhurter                n@realDonaldTrump Are your ties available in South Africa?  You can order them online @Macys.com
ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES, NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY!
Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution
Small bright spot in lackluster economy -  travel industry added 81,000 jobs in 2012 
@rosscooker thanks
Important editorial by John Faso in @nydailynews: u201cSpitzeru2019s reckless leadershipu201d 
@Kennyshosho  Thanks!
@dalasner Yes.
For all of those that were hoping I was wrong, and this is a very unimportant subject to me, Dwight Howard just officially announced Houston
@RangerLE901: @realDonaldTrump @robin1260 yup. Trump line rocks. The ties are impeccable ! Thanks DT.
Great boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice
Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. Iu2019ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.
How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
.@TPNNtweets Donald Trump Tells A Fascinating Inside Story About His Dealings w/ The Obama WH 
u201cDonu2019t be afraid of mistakes. They can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.u201d  Think Like a Champion
You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.u201d - Think Big
@pellscuse11: @realDonaldTrump Who plays more golf, yourself or the President? My money is on POTUS.  You win!
Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?
People do business with those people they like and trust. - Ralph J. Roberts, Founder of Comcast
You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist?
@rcassedy: @realDonaldTrump Im begging.... Please run for President and fix this mess..--and it can be fixed, thanks.
We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term.  No more Bushes!
Scary. Our military is a using a Chinese made satellite for North Africa command communications 
@randycoggins: @realDonaldTrump my dad is a pastor here in lakeland, FL at bridge of hope.. Always wears a trump tie!! #success Great!
All successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you. - Think Big
FLASHBACK: u201cHiding evidence of global coolingu201d 
@nicla_b: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1 was doing the same, thinking, salmond has lost his mind
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. - Napoleon Bonaparte
@Semjazaraziel: @realDonaldTrump @TamiMiddleton We need Trump in 16 to fix this mess the community activist has created
@SPANISHFLYAR09 @IvankaTrump  Thanks Andy.
@SusanSkeldon: @realDonaldTrump I wish there were more people in the world like you. Thanks for all you do. Your an awesome person. Thanks
How stressed are @lisarinna and @pennjillette already? #CelebApprentice
.@TheRealMarilu was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers loved her.
@disneycuty @StephenBaldwin7 Thanks Jennifer.
@sonnset: @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump She should sue her attorneys They knew she wasn't going to win with a binding contract.
@illest_beats: @realDonaldTrump i think you would be our best president since Reagan
@RustinNiles Just killing time!
@MattEChase: @realDonaldTrump extortion was the first thing that came to mind when i saw the report for the lawsuit. You can sue!
@JoeSantos5150: @realDonaldTrump Wipe the floor with him Mr Trump !
@Omaha_Tiger: I realize what a mess we're in by watching @FoxNews...then I read @realDonaldTrump tweets...like a breath of fresh airThanks
@colinhaney Great!
Via @BreitbartNews: u201cEXCLUSIVE - TRUMP COUNSEL 'CANNOT CONFIRM OR DENY' INTEREST IN BUYING NEW YORK TIMESu201d 
@ritter1025 Happy Birthday Bernice.
@hitillidie: @realDonaldTrump no George Buch did that. George Bush gave us Obama!
@RealSonnyNewman  They are laughing.
@Fordette12 Great!
.@bigstack19 @realDonaldTrump Does anyone actually read Rolling Stone anymore? Guess they had to create (cont) 
@ChrisCJackson: @realDonaldTrump I went to Trump Scotland last week and a gopher sexually assaulted my wife. After you, bet she loved it!
@ff3476. Great.
@calikal69: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of @billmaher?   I don't think of Bill Maher - and nobody else does either.
Word is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over.
@BordenRhodes: @realDonaldTrump can close the economic, racial and political divisions in America That is true!
.@BillMaher needs to cut back on the pot, and maybe he will stop making offers he canu2019t afford.
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice
...and says something is seriously wrong. He will never go down as great!
Interesting article by @newtgingrich @HumanEvents: u201cWHY ROVE AND STEVENS ARE PLAIN WRONGu201d 
.@AlexSalmond If a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy, I have an idea--just put up subsidized wind (cont) 
@hollywood74 Thank you Nadine!
@PeterThiele  Thanks Peter.
@KSherrill_4  Thanks.
I will be going to Asheville, North Carolina, tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man!
@SecurityLecture  That is not the reason.
Make sure to tune in to All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC this Sunday at 9PM EST for another round of fireworks and surprises!
The 2013 Trump @MissUniverse Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th.  Airing from Crocus City Hall on @nbc!
@MattyD859                n@realDonaldTrump. @BillRancic Biggest motivation and THEE best role models ever!  Bill is a terrific guy!
@MeeMawBellefleu Thank you- I did!
@AlfiraAzzahra   Great picture, say hello!
Get ready for the fireworks between @OMAROSA &amp; @latoyajackson in 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice!  Neither one will back down.
@_JohnHahn: @realDonaldTrump Ferry Point looks awesome! It should definitely get some major/championship events sometime soon
@BrunetteLogic  March 3rd.
@TrumpPhillyGM @DavisCPAGroup @TrumpPhillyPro  Have fun!
@mlnluis: @THEGaryBusey @realDonaldTrump gary your the only reason we watch celebrity apprentice. Your GREAT!!!  So are you!
Sen. @MaxBaucus has announced his retirement. A major proponent of ObamaCare, Baucus now says itu2019s a u2018huge train wreck.u2019
The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
@BGoldsmith26 Yes, if they fight!
u201cObstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.u201d - Henry Ford
Ashley Judd has just thanked Karl Rove for all the attention he has given heru2014unreal!u2014how stupid can we get?
@Carodimo: @realDonaldTrump Give us an anticipation of it, please.! Veni Vidi Vici.!  You must see what happens at the very beginniing 9PM
@grtblankenship: @realDonaldTrump is definitely the best personality I follow on twitter. Inspiration and role model all together!
With few exceptions, only really smart people are able to make a lot of money. Hard work is also important, but brains will supersede.
@TrumpDoral  The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14
Wonu2019t be a buyeru2019s market for long. If you can, purchase a home but remember, I told you this three years ago.
Lawyers have sent @billmaher demand notice and necessary documentation.
@natalicious40: Yay! Yay! Yay! @OMAROSA is gone!!! Can't wait for next Sunday! @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE THE MAN!!! Thanks!
There's definitely no love lost between Piers and Omarosa.
@atkins4: @realDonaldTrump you realize that is what Iran wants, dont you? You beat Iran in a much different fashion-not through Syria!
If Karl Rove &amp; @GOP Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party, who delivered in 2010, then there will be a 3rd Party in 2016.
@TracyN3109  Seems like it!
@LUSHPILLAI @TrumpLasVegas Thanks.
Our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. In NY, welfare pays better than jobs 
@cyberpunksamuri: the best Christmas present I could ever ask for is having @realDonaldTrump re-tweet me once  Merry Christmas!
To all young college graduates u2013 stick in there, keep your head up and make sure you donu2019t miss any opportunities. They are out there.
@Lee_Renn1  Thanks.
@GP237 Thanks--my honor!
@AllenWronowski. Allen and Gail - you will like it - see you both soon!
@leebestt: @realDonaldTrump So true; from the 2 Best of all time Ruth and Trump.  Really cool!
@AgnesphAgnes: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump has the Midas Touch! Thank you, very nice!
@RealJonJenkins: @realDonaldTrump I spent my honeymoon in 2010 at the Trump Intl Las Vegas. Amazing place you've created.  Thanks!
u201cTRUMP HITS BACK AT CHRIS MATTHEWSu2019 BIRTHER RANT: u2018HE USED TO BE A MUCH MORE INTELLIGENT MANu2019 
I donu2019t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it.
@AndreaMoorehous. Thanks.
@WSJSports @MikeBloomberg @jacknicklaus  True and thanks.
I have a surprise for a really special kid on Thursdayu2019s episode of @KatieShow with @KatieCouric: 
@walexjoe9   Thanks!
@anniehepburn: @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump Can't wait! What a beautiful project...you're amazing too, Ivanka. u2665  So true!
Wow--just 1 day after my offer to fund all WH tours Obama backtracks on decision to cancel all White House toursu201d ...
@NathanAmato: @realDonaldTrump @MichaelPampena DJT preserved the American dream after defeating president Chelseas mother Hillary in 2016
So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq &amp; Afghanistan building roads &amp; schools but canu2019t get money to the NJ &amp; NY Sandy victims?
@resplatt123 Thanks.
@dblsolo700  Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park?  Go check your facts.
@jcfields13  Thanks Jason.
The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide.
Great read by @VDHanson: u201cMexico's Hypocrisy Is Evident In Its Own Strict Policy Toward Immigrantsu201d 
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYCu2014congratulations to all!
Many of @TigerWoodsu2019 u2018friendsu2019 were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. Now Tiger knows who he can count on.
@Kenkelly08Kelly  Thanks, I had a great time.
.@alexsalmond RT @King_Pepp  Driving through Indiana and seeing tons of ugly windmills. Now I know what @realDonaldTrump is talking about
@obamafraudulent: @realDonaldTrump @d18mt2 The birth certificate that you forced Obama to show is a computer generated forgery.
Music cues, audience participation, sounds like a very active Team Power. #CelebApprentice
@thenanney67: @realDonaldTrump just stayed at Trump in Vegas and dined privately at DJT. FABULOUS!
@broadflameec: @dblsolo7 @hdiallo @BarrieLouise @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump Small man. Large ego.  No, large man 6'3. Large ego!
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @GailLorene  Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms.  And poor Scotland
Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans?
@lcf42 @Deadspin They are total losers.
... Thatu2019s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course.u201d u2013 TRUMP 101
.@IvankaTrump and I are looking forward to visiting Vancouver next week.  Big announcementu2026
@MegAlove04  Thanks!
Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war.
Getting ready to do the David Letterman @Late_Show  tonightu2014I hope you all will watchu2014I think!
@pbanura or Ireland?
Thank you - so nice.
Trust in God and be true to yourself. nMary MacLeod TrumpnKnow everything you can about what you're doing. nFred C. Trump
Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare, but it's to prepare us for something bigger.
I believe Lance Armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/Oprahu2014as I predicted, everybody is suing him, heu2019ll have nothing left
I never heard of @DannyZucker until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but I have a great deal for him!
.@mcuban  Marku2014nice picture, thanks for the invite to the Mavs/Nets game. Next time Iu2019ll go and youu2019ll win!
@JTFoxx: @alex_leventis @realDonaldTrump in my eyes the greatest real estate coach is Donald Trump. He leads by example! I am the BEST,thx
A country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders!
Looking forward to the @CadillacChamp at Trump Doral next week, 3.6.-3.10.  Canu2019t wait to meet the attendees. #WGCDoral
I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office!
@adamkellydeals: @realDonaldTrump - you are the best- ive been a supporter since i was old enough to read Thanks Adam!
.@_KatherineWebb with some of my memorabilia. 
@thefarfar
@nicolewalker20 I have and I do.
u201cStrive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact, &amp; you will find yourself ready for a grand slam.u201d - Think Like A Champion
After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars, J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB!
1.   Each week, you the audience can choose an MVP among the celebrities @CelebApprentice using Twitteru2026...
@Sebast_Valmont: @realDonaldTrump when is @MacMiller gonna pay you? That is a very good question! His only good song is Donald Trump.
@jostephan
@LateNightSeth  I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward, mumbling jerk. Too bad!
@emilyplacido @hotter_hodder My husband was upset. Trump ties &amp; shirts nowhere to be found i our local Macys! Go to 
@ronanofficial  Thanks Ronan, see you there!
@pittab: @MikeAndMike you guys need to have @realDonaldTrump on every week!
If America unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @spiccoli: u201cDonald Trump Taking 'Serious Look' at 2016 Presidential Runu201d 
@StevePike9                 n@realDonaldTrump @KieranLalor You've done the same thing at Doral Mr. Trump. Congrats Thank you.
u201cGet to know yourself.You canu2019t improve upon something you donu2019t understand.The more you ask, the better you'll know.u201d Vince Lombardi
@GlennHowerton: 
@kimberlykc1st: @realDonaldTrump COME BACK N FIX THINGS IN USA PLEASE MR. TRUMP
So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue.
@woodrowwinters                           nyou have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you This country needs you badly. Thx
@KandaceC1: @realDonaldTrump when am I gonna get to see some more of The Apprentice??? I miss seeing you weekly!:  Soon!
@ThissenRolf: @realDonaldTrump i'm a german social democrat, but don, go for president. I want to see real competition
@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump @rinibobusepi Mr. Trump, will you consider running for President? The country needs you.
@GolfSwingShirt Head Pro @ Trump LA, waiters,valet parkers,and complete staff and grounds crew all R class acts..better than Pebble BCH !
@N7_Batchelor: What @realDonaldTrump had to say about Al Sharpton was spot on. Wish more Americans would speak their minds about him.
@bmariebrown99: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be an awesome leader for the country!
Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed.
@sweetsweetseven:Most gorgeous building in Chicago from a true self made American and he cannot brand his own masterpiece? #SMH #trump2016
u201cResults are what matter...A series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement.u201d - Think Like a Champion
@AMCaristi: @realDonaldTrump @USNewsTravel @TrumpChicago I am ready to stay at ANY Trump hotel!!! #luxurytravel
@chiefsnation25: @realDonaldTrump I love u your the man!!!! Great interview on @sternshow
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
@brasscojones10: @realDonaldTrump I'm at the Trump Doral for an environmental law conference. Very impressed all around.  Great.
Entrepreneurs:  Have your own vision and stick with it. Donu2019t be afraid to be unique. Donu2019t tread water--get out there and go for it.
@Ricolodean: @realDonaldTrump I pray that one day my country will wake up and see that you are the leader we need. Please run in 2016.
@Media2Commerce: As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big. Donald Trump
@RossBrotherton: @realDonaldTrump You have to run for President in 2016 and save this country! #please #savethiscountry
@TBuffT: @realDonaldTrump on @gretawire When was the last time something positive has happened in this country? Hmmmm....So true
I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1
@IR7DJ2: @realDonaldTrump advancing to next round of bidding for @buffalobills. He would be #amazing for #NFL and everything in general.
@ronmeier123: The Strongest Leader in this World and Beyond is the Man who is a Forward thinker! MR.TRUMP For President in 2016!
@jeffpurcell50: @realDonaldTrump @ghosttoast99 he will help. He is a great man!
In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator, the answer is Darrell Hammond.
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.
@buntymunn @realDonaldTrump just played Trump aberdeen yesterday, might just be the best golf experience I've ever had! Great, thanks!
@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump plz run for president.
@mytowntutors: u201cIf youu2019re going to be thinking, you may as well think big.u201d Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump 
Via @Suntimesu2019 @CSTearlyoften by @FSPIELMAN: u201cCouncil sign rules mean Trump name will loom large on riveru201dn  
In politics, and sometimes in life, FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE!
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
@OnlyAnnieHorton: @realDonaldTrump @larksnestartist @MagnaSearchGRP Please keep fighting. Three in one is a cheap but dangerous solution.
Rosie is crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much!
@Aguilar845: @realDonaldTrump For President #2016
@tahanna: @realDonaldTrump hope one day we'll be honoring you on Presidents Day.  So nice!
@AntonVonClouse I still have articles from following some of your 80's moves &amp; the Trump game... I was the original apprentice!  Great!
Because of President Obama's failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin &amp; Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
@RowdyRoadie11: @realDonaldTrump @JoyceGoodman64 I agree mr trump. I am a veteran and can't stand what is happening
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
@sintianiej: @realDonaldTrump @1Kathleen75 @TMZ_Politics Oh yes the next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
Via @Citizens_United: u201cDonald Trump To Speak At The Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on January 24thu201d 
@alaina_danielle: @realDonaldTrump RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!? #SaveThisCountry
@Chris_Stocker: Love taking a drive up A1A and seeing that beautiful Red, White and Blue huge flag blowing in the yard of @realDonaldTrump
@viclillo: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump was the best part of the 2014#Oscars
@Pepper4366 Thought your show would never return. What is start date. #CelebrityApprentice  Start shooting next week!
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016
@steff17brown: My biggest hero will forever be @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 Thank you.
@BreitbartNews: Donald Trump, Chuck Todd Agree: No Trust of Feds' Handling Ebola Because of Obama Admin Scandals:  
38 stories high, @TrumpWaikikiu2019s 462 luxury guest rooms &amp; suites offer exceptional services 
@MarkAdamsBball: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing.- Donald Trump #Passion
@Jerm_AHOLIC  @realDonaldTrump @Rosie you should put her on #CelebrityApprentice just to fire her!  First night!
@kirkcameronfan @realDonaldTrump @Ddouble_J Mr Trump, what book should we read second? Never Give Up -- examples of tenacity.
@MarriamF: My bday just been so perfect so far ud83dudc97 only way it will be better if my inspiration @realDonaldTrump wishes me happy bday ud83dudc4c
@lindsey_derek: Out of all the famous people on twitter, the only one I see tweet regular people is @realDonaldTrump! #Greatguy
@RSmithInc: @realDonaldTrump @hillarysusans @IvankaTrump As long as Ivanka is involved in his cabinet I'm in. #smartwomen
Awarded both @ForbesInspector Five-Star &amp; @AAAFiveDiamond ratings, @TrumpNewYorku2019s @Jean_GeorgesNYC is fantastic. 
@felixs: Donald Trump's golf resort awarded five-star status by Scottish chiefs after US tycoon spends millions restoring historic mansion
Iraq buying $200,000,000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent, Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO!
@therachelgibson: Seriously there is nobody who can fix this country but you. It's now or never! We need you. #USA #nowornever  So true!
@CaledonianGolf: @Raven_kittycat @AlexSalmond Why??? Do you know how difficult storing/harnessing wind generated energy is? Impossible.
With imposing dunes on the rugged Aberdeenshire coastline, @TrumpScotlandu2019s Championship Course is a masterpiece 
u201cIt takes guts to win, fortunately, most people donu2019t have guts! -- Donald J. Trump
.@McIlroyRory  What a year it has been for you  -- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job, see u at Doral.
@MasterKA42: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016! Please! Our nation needs to be saved! I agree!
.@bovanpelt. Bo, I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well, you are a winner!
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf!
Great @UnionLeader  piece by @jdistaso on my visit to @saintanselm for @NECouncil &amp; @nhiop Politics &amp; Eggs  
@jacoprinsloo12: @realDonaldTrump you are my hero man, keep doing what you are doing.  Thank you, I will.
@sherrymcmurry: @realDonaldTrump .....may be the only person on the planet that can beat Hillary.
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities.
@DreamHouseX: Donald Trump's Palm Beach mansion ud83dude0dud83dudcb0 
I will  be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter @antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and @BBCWorld. Clowns!
@GZervs: Great job on @espn this morning. @realDonaldTrump could run the NFL much better
Manufacturing is now less than 9% of US GDP. The Rust Belt, heart of our countryu2019s factory sector, has been destroyed by our leaders.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you WIN!
@stutskey: Thanks @realDonaldTrump for putting my name on the top of the TV screen when I turn it on! #trumpinternationaltowerlasvegas
@tony351952: @realDonaldTrump U need 2 run 4 office
@musicislife1239: @realDonaldTrump u should be president
@EdmondddN: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016
@A_Frog_4_Life: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - Donald Trump
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump We need a real leader. We need Trump. Thanks.
@joelleangeli: DonaldTrump for president! Give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! You'd have my vote!
Via @USNewsTravel: u201cBest New York City Hotels: @TrumpNewYorku201d 
@cosclubofphila: @realDonaldTrump @DashJohnston We need your kind of honesty desperately. Please get into the presidential race.
Bloggers like McKay Coppins &amp; @BuzzFeed are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds &amp; speech not reported. @PiersMorgan
u201cDon't fight the problem, decide it.u201d u2013 General George C. Marshall
It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.
Congratulations @TrumpSoHo for making @CNTraveler's #GoldList2015! 
@secaucus00: @realDonaldTrump respect your tweets I listen and share with my kids Thanks Bob.
@RyleyRLynn: @realDonaldTrump please run for president Mr. Trump! The country needs fixing and you're the best man for the job!  Thank you
.@HollySandersGC. Remember, it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure!
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
@MikeyJFitz: Something tells me a DonaldTrump announcement on If he will/won't run in 2016 will come at season/series final of CA
@bunnypiper: @realDonaldTrump right on!!
@lkoja: Excited for #CPAC @realDonaldTrump true inspiration to many Americans Thank you.
Looking forward to speaking at Saturday's @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year.
@Suhreenaa: Donald Trump Still My Favorite Song!!
With @VanityFair circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly, rumor has it that dopey Graydon Carter is going to resign? He should.
@moose_taz: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump 1000% right about Mexico agenda and impossible citizenship process God can't we wake up.
@tristanmf: @realDonaldTrump Trump for president ! Trump for America ! #Trump2016
@CeIebHomes: Donald Trump's Palm Beach mansion ud83dude0dud83dudcb0 
@beasonshane: @Espngreeny @espngolic great call from @realDonaldTrump 100% agree with him on the stated of the NFL and football in general.
@lookingforward8                    @realDonaldTrump words of wisdom from the pro himself!!!! Inspiration!!!&lt;3  Great!
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
I hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year with @Yankees that he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy!
@thatkidArob: @realDonaldTrump no he shouldn't. But Donald Trump should. #trump4potus
The perfect Hawaiian getaway, @TrumpWaikikiu2019s 462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views  
@frankpro   Frank, you are making a mistake. No one will do a better job than me and team would stay in Buffalo.
@maxtucci: Dec 11 @ucfoundation will honor me for my #philanthropic efforts at DonaldTrump's home #Autism Awareness 
@Kittykatnip1970:  @SaveUSA2014 @realDonaldTrump If Mr. Trump was our next POTUS our economy would improve &amp; jobs would be created.
Again, for all of the haters and losers, I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!
@bguzqueda: @realDonaldTrump great #CincoDeMayo to one of the best americans! #LatinAmerica follows u always !
@jessflorey: A big thanks @JustinRose99, Stephen Gallacher, Johan Carlsson &amp; @RamsayGolf celebrating @TrumpScotland 
@kyle_42120: Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump running for #president? YES please! #youhavemyVote
@kennymchardy  visited Balmedie yesterday for @TaylorMadeTour day, fantastic course! Will need to go back for full 18  Thanks Kenny
@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump The Donald would have this country back on track and turning a profit by the end of his first term. True.
@wethePOL: @realDonaldTrump @Nan_Imburgia Trump for President! ! Please!!!
@Pearls_n_Bows: @realDonaldTrump: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. @alexsalmond
Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!
Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue 
@RexHuppke: I'm holding off on forming an opinion on the Ukraine situation until I hear what Donald Trump has to say about it. Very smart!
@Maideneer my first time in Chicago. Walking along the river and this was my view. Absolutely stunning hotel! 
My interview with WMURu2019s @JoshMcElveen at #NHFreedomSummit n
If you canu2019t see it, it will never happen. Bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. That will build momentum.
@Taylor_McBath Obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world. We are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions
Obama &amp; Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at usu2014they think we are fools!
@ejfriday                     n@realDonaldTrump Wow DonaldTrump for pres...America prepare for exceptional Greatness. Cheers Thanks.
@MOUDALENA: @realDonaldTrump @nypost @fud31 GODBLESS YOU MISTER @realDonaldTrump Thank you.
@DEBKANCHAN: @realDonaldTrump Trump is Trump-Card to Success in USA ! Make him President of USA
With @ivankatrump and the Chairman of DAMAC in Dubai. 
Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!
@ClareTourism Sending a warm welcome to the Trump family who landed in @ShannonAirport  Enjoy your stay in Clare  Thank you.
@rajeevicha: @realDonaldTrump @VeryOddDog quite agree. Need to see Mr Trump more in public life
@JayRit @realDonaldTrump Reading an all time favorite TRUMP The Art of The Deal! Must read for the go getter make it happen Entrepreneurs!
@OnlineOnTheAir: My friend's son, immediate #autism after #vaccines 10 yrs ago. So sad. Keep up good work Nay-sayers will understand soon.
@JDMixon: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President in 2016! You have my support 100% Thanks.
@rjbachor @HowardStern has said for years this country needs a businessman to run it like the biz it is. I think you'd be great True &amp; thx
@tiffanypearls: @realDonaldTrump I want to work on The Donald's campaign. He is the only candidate worth the energy. #trump2016
@quotedojo: A little more moderation would be good. Of course, my life hasn't exactly been one of moderation. ~Donald Trump
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
.@IamStevenT stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy! 
@jdbailey08: @MurphyTasha and I think @realDonaldTrump should run for president. Make it happen sir.
For the NY State Repubs to waste time, energy and money on a primaryu2014then go against 3-1 Demsu2014is insane.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.  -- Wayne Gretzky
President Obama, be cool, be smart, be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness), and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE!
@MikeHemenway: Common sense, guts, smarts, proven leader! @realDonaldTrump what this country needs for president! Retweet if you agree
By popular(extremely) demand, I will be live tweeting the #Oscars2014 on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches!
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
.@BLTPrimeMiami, @TrumpDoralu2019s signature restaurant, has set the standard for todayu2019s modern steakhouse 
@sluthoee: I know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better Job if you were the president of the United States instead of Obama! True
If the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite, you would still be having the riots right now!
@akers_joshua I've read 3 books from @realDonaldTrump &amp; the best advice is in all three. Do something you're passionate about.  Great.
u201cDeveloping your talent requires work, and work creates luck.u201d u2013 Trump Never Give Up
@meenah83: @realDonaldTrump. Now I really hope u're contesting for that seat in the White House come 2016.  Watch!
@pamplinfilmco: @realDonaldTrump @Jenn641 Can't wait 2 see the White House makeover when Trump is president. Our country would thrive!
What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?
The @GOP primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp; @DaveBratVA7th won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity!
Robert Slater, who just passed away, was a terrific writer who wrote a very fair book about me. He will be missed. 
Via @MailOnline by @dmartosko: u201cPresident Trump? Says 'there's a very substantial chance' he'll run in 2016u201d 
One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC, 40 Wall Street is a classic Art Deco building 
W/state of the art Clubhouse &amp; our signature amenities, @Trump_Charlotte brings true luxury to The Tar Heel State 
.@AndrewKreig   Thank you Andrew -  so correct!
@fuckceciliaa: @realdonaldtrump I hate to admit it but I'm with you on this one.
How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending?
@megan_lumetta: I've been the first one to favorite three of Donald trumps tweets and I'm pretty proud. @realDonaldTrump  Great!
@djspookyshadow: Feeling a deep gratitude for all the inspiration u had given me through 2014. Sincerely wishing u more success to come!
Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott! #FreeOurMarine
@Chancesare420: @realDonaldTrump Good morning Big Guy... Here's hoping we both make a bundle of money today. : )
@Lauraaachinn: @realDonaldTrump for President 2016. I would be first in line at the polls.
u201cLearning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.u201d u2013 Trump: How to Get Rich
@sinksinksink1: @realDonaldTrump everything you just said on mike&amp;mike was exactly what Ive been waiting for someone to say. Thank you!
@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump Excellent taste in Trump Wine. I love Trump red &amp; white!  Thanks.
@Trutt78: @realDonaldTrump - you want to do something nice for Chicago and they shoot you down. Piss on Rahm. He is just an Obama lap dog.
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the countryu2014I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
@DanScavino @APinv @TrumpGolf @billclinton @APHospital  Thanks Dan
@domenicsiracusa: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis THE DONALD 2016
#TBT With James Lipton on the set of @ApprenticeNBC 
@BackOnTrackUSA:  Remember the terrorists that Obama has been arming in Syria against Assad. Well now they are marching on Bagdad.
u201cAlways remember that the future comes one day at a time.u201d - Dean Acheson
Can you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee time @TrumpDoral right here 
@TheRealMasonS: Protect Ya Neck. Wear @realDonaldTrump ties. 
Itu2019s Tuesday. How many more u2018The Viewu2019 Execs will leak that they want @rosie gone? Show is failing.
Press conference at the opening of the @GaryPlayer Villa at @TrumpDoral . 
@SheriffButchDC Way 2go! @realDonaldTrump You created awareness for MILLIONS. Looking 4ward to @EricTrump &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr Thanks Butch.
I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause
A testament to American ingenuity @TrumpTowerNY shines over Fifth Avenue as one of NYCu2019s most iconic buildings 
@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president @realDonaldTrump
@Lotuschild32: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio Rosie just sucks the life and intelligence out of everywhere she goes. #TheView
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
@PolishPrince21: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be a great president but a better NFL owner...especially the buffalo bills! @nflcommish
Interesting article about Atlantic City 
@akhan_15:  I'm currently 16 years old. I'll be eligible to vote next election. Fix Obama's mess and run. You have my vote! #Trump2016
@suew777 Words I never expected to say in this lifetime....I hope Mr.Trump buys the Bills. I think its the best for team&amp;fans! @nflcommish
@KellyKoson: Why do people think that @realDonaldTrump is going to run for president in 2016?Because the country is a total mess right now
Join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
Vera Coking saved me u201cmuchou201d money by turning down my offeru2014thanks Vera!
@sirwilliam @realDonaldTrump @frankpro The Bills need someone not afraid to take chances. Mr.Trump, you have 100%of my support! @nflcommish
@harryfinnimore: @realDonaldTrump @ericleebow same here.. Run so we get someone in the office that knows what's really going on
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!
Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive, all at once, shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW!
@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Some nights I think to myself that its a darn shame Mr. Trump isnt in office
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.
@christuhglo: @realDonaldTrump I love how you handle the haters You mean the haters and losers!
u201cLifestyle unveils Trump Home brand in GCCu201d 
@GolfSwingShirt: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to playing Trump National LA on Tuesday with Padraig Harrington !  Say hi to PADRAIG!
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!
.@FLGovScott  Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FLu2014theyu2019re afraid of Miamiu2014canu2019t believe their luck!
@tylerrice199: @mike_riccardi @realDonaldTrump easily, he is one of the most intelligent among America. He would win over Hilary  THANKS!
@LisaZ15 @realDonaldTrump Wishing her well!  She was awesome when she was on Celebrity Apprentice!  Very smart. True!  @Joan_Rivers
@ou_sg: @realDonaldTrump, Please Mr.Trump America needs someone like you to help our country. Trump 2016 for President. Thank you!
@rcstaley @LoisWeiss @realDonaldTrump I loved your ALS  challenge! I'm so happy that you showed real men can do it! Obama NOT! Thanks
@NotoriousGeko: @realDonaldTrump Donald trump for president!
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name, it would be the biggest story!
Wind energy is a complete economic disasteru2026. 
@PIETIEV: @realDonaldTrump happy new year, Mr. Trump. Who was your role model before you became successful?  My father, Fred Trump.
Today's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people, great dedication. @usgsa  
@BradANGSA: @sonnset2 @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump  @GreaseWeezer Obama would not have won election if he told truth about Obama-Care..
@chuckiswhite: @realDonaldTrump 2016
We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security, Medicare,and Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out
Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Glad I fired him on Apprentice!
@BenTrolling: I truly think @Forbes underestimates @realDonaldTrump's actual net worth That's true, and they do it knowingly - who cares!
@tiffanypearls: @realDonaldTrump I'll be up the street tonight at Emanu-El. Sending prayers up for your continued success. #trump2016
@KangDedy_RI_1: @realDonaldTrump Donald, you are my best inspiration to be successful
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks.
@steamboatgal8: @realDonaldTrump Your my fav for 2016 Thanks.
@ptarkkonen: What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. -Donald Trump #leadership
@Cherelynn: @realDonaldTrump @LLL3_0 @BrandiGlanville @ArenaTV Congratulations to you all!
@jabupaqatago: RT @realDonaldTrump: Great news from Irelandu201dClare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel So smart!
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.n-- Steve Jobs
.@MattGinellaGC Matt, the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course,awful, was not made by me but tweeted to me
@paranormalfact: @realDonaldTrump We need someone like you in Office who knows how to get this country out of debt #TrumpForPresident Easy
@RonCanova: @TrumpDoral  Just flew your helicopter from National to Doral best run operation period. You are the man Mr Trump!
u2026In other words, Secy John Kerry is so out of his elementu2026
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is the best course I've ever played
@bereasonable2: @realDonaldTrump @gpoch918 yes, please vote for him in 2 yrs
@eruditetina                      @realDonaldTrump Your parents must have been wonderful people. Thanks for sharing. They were--thanks.
u201cOut of clutter, find Simplicity. From discord, find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.u201du2013Albert Einstein
@MarlenaWells: #laguardia ranked as one of the worst #airports It needs @realDonaldTrump magic touch.  So true, what a mess!
@skimpybean @realDonaldTrump Woah! Well done fella. I honestly thought for all these years that was a wig. See, I told you so, thanks!
@Kstork48G: @realDonaldTrump I would love for you to run. What would be your plan on stopping ISIS?? Military mom here. Love you
@SukhyJaveed: Merry Christmas, would one like to give the gift of mentoring? I'm building my empire &amp; you certainly know how to build them
@ChaseHassey: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Please run. No one will defeat you. Thank you!
Today will be a big day @Team_Mitch for you in many ways. The country is lucky.
@RyanDodd75: Couldn't help but notice how crispy the @realDonaldTrump shirts look at Macy's! #clean
@bitchClassyboSs: How I wish Mr Trump would write more books. So in love with his books. I am now writing The Art of the Deal, Part II.
@SAVEHICNO1: @realDonaldTrump @StationarySpace @GolfMagazine YOU HAVE MY VOTE DONALD
I will be on On The Record @gretawire tonight at 7 PM
Success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. Don't sell yourself short.
We're missing a lot of information on autism. Support @AutismSpeaks' project by visiting mss.ng #MSSNG
@CandyStiltz: @realDonaldTrump Please run. I'd like someone with a back bone and can make decisions in office. Remember what you said!
My sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it!
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki for being named @Orbitz Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care!
@KyleWeaverr: @realDonaldTrump When is the Celebrity Apprentice coming back? I'm going through withdrawal! #soonplease  Soon!
@RedRoof65 I have spread out my son's shots over the past 5 years. He is  fully vaccinated and ready for kindergarten in September.  Great
@GregWallace66 Hey @Trump_Charlotte is hosting @RustyWallace Golf Classic on 5/19 benefiting @NASCAR_FDN. Rusty will have a great day!
As I predicted, Obama already caught lying on Ocare enrollment # by CBO whou2019s sticking w/ u201c6 million enrollmentsu201d 
I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wife's sister starts whacking him, not good! No help from B leads to a mess.
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way. -- Babe Ruth
Remember the old saying The more you learn, the more you realize you don't know -- it's true. Learning is a daily challenge.
Obama must now FOCUS, get his mind off March.Madness, and LEAD! Watch Russia closely, work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare!
Congratulations @Trump_Ireland for being named #12 resort in Europe by the @CNTraveler #ReadersChoice2014 awards!
New York Cityu2019s iconic architectural masterpiece @TrumpTowerNY houses prime commercial, residential &amp; retail space 
@AndyLeeTweets: I'd rather @realDonaldTrump run for president than buy our football team.  Interesting point!
@JakeJuliot          n@realDonaldTrump When will we know the cast for the next season of #celebrityapprentice? Very soon.
@russell_triston: @realDonaldTrump Would make a great Commander in Chief. True intelligence. Common sense, economy knowledge, leadership.
The Donald J.Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys offers top styles in  menswear. Dress your best 
Rapidly failing @VanityFair magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's brilliant 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!
No surprise. @Rosie is failing on @TheView.Terrible ratings.u201cMalcontent &amp; another season is out of the question 
@CarltonCountry: @johnrich  Do u have any idea when the new season of #CelebrityApprentice will be on? In the FALL - shooting now!
@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @MarieDAnnunzio Please run for president, Mr Trump!
#TBT With my family growing up- I'm on the left. 
u201cSuccess breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@lspaggs: @realDonaldTrump Definitely the star of Chicago's skyline show! Loved visiting from Toronto! 
Re Negotiation: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
@JohnMarsicano: @realDonaldTrump on @sternshow was certainly an entertaining start to my morning.  Good!
@habsfan80743103: @realDonaldTrump Canada to ban travel to Ebola hotspots 
My @BreitbartNewsu2019 @biggovt editorial: u201cu2018A COUNTRY THAT CANNOT PROTECT ITS BORDERS WILL NOT LASTu201d 
@Devin_Smrekar: @realDonaldTrump how much did you enjoy hosting NASCAR?  They are great people.
@DON_Ekwegba: When Mr. Trump wants to get at something he goes all the way. He Walks-the-talk. There are only a few of them left! Thank you
@Paulynesian: You got to love @realDonaldTrump ...enjoyed his inspiring words...all the way from Down Under!
@Awizzel10: @realDonaldTrump We need you. You are the answer to this nations problems. #trump2016
The new winner of the @MissTeenUSA pageant K. Lee Graham 
@woodrowwinters  nothing would make me prouder than to see Mr. Trump in the Oval office. Business would get done. Thanks and true.
@uf9606084212012: In @realDonaldTrump we trust. Please run, save us - it's time
On beautiful Lake Norman, @Trump_Charlotte offers a state of the art Clubhouse to complement its championship course 
@elkaneh: @realDonaldTrump thanks for a memorable oscars! #Oscars  No problem.
Can you believe this fool, Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC, just stated, anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa DOPE
@happygirl71929: Our current government doesn't have the balls to do what needs to be done....Yet ANOTHER reason for you to Run!
@RayTirado                          n@realDonaldTrump Looking forward to meeting you at #CPAC2014 u2026 #askhardquestions  Great!
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -- Thomas A. Edison
@IrishTimes  Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links, Ireland. It will be great
#TBT With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL. 
Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly.
@rink914: @IanJamesPoulter  Actually agree...it may have been great to play but it looked atrocious on TV..I love golf..couldn't watch
Via @BreitbartNews by @pamkeyNEN: u201cTrump: ObamaCare Not Working for Business, Going to Collapseu201dn  
@financeturd: @realDonaldTrump  Melania would make a great first lady
@HMunjal: @realDonaldTrump: @tabletoptaylaaa: Seriously think @realDonaldTrump would be an awesome president.
@fear_no_evil89 @realDonaldTrump is not afraid to tell the truth &amp; stand up for what he thinks is right #GOP2016 #Trump2016 Thank you
u201cThe future is always beginning now.u201d -  Mark Strand, former Poet Laureate
@DEMEGL10: @realDonaldTrump if you run...it will be the first time I vote
@NPHerron: @realDonaldTrump For president #2016election
@GFCFrocks: @realDonaldTrump Love the Apprentice!!!
@MotivationIdeas: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ Donald Trump
I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy! @Letterman
What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs.
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is, why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.-- Samuel Johnson
Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing, introduced UFC (ask Dana),the best shows
I love taking lawsuits all the way when Iu2019m right. @AGSchneiderman  is finding that out the hard way!
Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big, Stay Motivated &amp; Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit.
@slbernard1: @realDonaldTrump @IamSloany Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz run for President,, that would so awesome....
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week @TrumpTurnberry to discuss changes &amp; big investment I'll make. Very exciting!
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Aside from having no ratings, sleazy Ed Schultz lied about what I said. Thank you Scott Whitlock @ScottJW  
@KarateMomCCM                      nYou are an inspiration and I admire your honesty, perseverance and business sense.   Thank you.
@Amber_Sadler22: Donald Trump and Mitt Romney would be the most dynamic pres/vp combo in history No, bad chemistry - I like winning!
Sissy Graydon Carter of failing Vanity Fair Magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his V.F. Oscar party is no longer hot
@titletown899004: @realDonaldTrump @tamkyn @mooovin_on Well then, run and I'll vote for you. Merry Christmas!
@jorgekb                  n@TrumpDoral  Blue Monster should be top 10 best courses this year!! Amazing course layout !!  Thank you.
The #WomenWhoWork campaign from @IvankaTrump  
Watch u2013 Obama in 2006: u201cIu2019ve stolen ideas from Jonathan Gruberu201d 
@NewYorkGOP leader Ed Coxu2019s record is abysmal--no victories. Hopefully he can turn things around.
@myjr54: @realDonaldTrump run for president. I wanna deal maker in office.
@RajeevSamtani: Get in, get it done, get it done right &amp; get out - Donald Trump Actually, told to me by my father, Fred Trump.
@HolzMDK: @realDonaldTrump @DannyBOiling trump for president
@fitbafan: @neaver82 @realDonaldTrump the majority of people near the course fully support it. Problem is a vocal minority (Scotland).
Lithium ion batteries should  not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.
@DonnieBurner: @realDonaldTrump = next president. I can tell you one thing, we would have a great country again-in fact, better than ever!
@scott23youmans: If you run, I will vote for you. If you don't, shame on you.  Be cool!
@ASenaPhotograph: @realDonaldTrump you are just smarter and better prepared  So true!
@JamieeMingg: @realDonaldTrump I cannot wait for the new season of @ApprenticeNBC U R MY FAV TV STAR  Thank you.
@EconomicGeek13:  @SMWalkerBait Yes Please Run for President - I said that ages ago while he was at a conference in Sydney Australia
@ToddRiddolls: @realDonaldTrump whether you run or not,you play one hell of a chess game !! #LIFE
@JMcElray        @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki, BLT Steak excellent service, staff, chefs, manager, wonderful dining in Honolulu. Thanks
@kyle_42120: @realDonaldTrump FOR PRESIDENT. #2016 #RealChange ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfa
@BillPickle:  I would like to support DT, if I knew he was serious about going for it. Been disappointed more than once.  Just watch!
@reginafrye69: @realDonaldTrump Thankyou for supporting our #MarineHeldinMexico #FREEOURMARINE Yes #Obama could do something
@MasterKA42: So much hate on @realDonaldTrump . People need to calm down and understand what this nation needs. #Trump2016 Thank you!
@Michele_WV: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT AND STRAIGHTEN THINGS OUT.  There is plenty to straighten out!
The ISIS thug who murdered American journalist James Foley may have been Gitmo detainee 
Must watch @IvankaTrump interview on @gma discussing #Girlpower 
@MikeyJFitz: @realDonaldTrump Thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going, I wasn't one of the idiots that voted for Obama. #Trump2016
@montanawoman56: @realDonaldTrump I bought your first book long ago for an aspiring developer, great results.
Remember, negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and donu2019t settle easily. If you have the goods, you will ultimately win.
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon. @LodgeatDoonbeg
The man made climate change that our great president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness!
@johnathonm: @realDonaldTrump @nsaidian already happened look at Detroit. They turned off the water to 150k people toe weeks ago USA NEXT!
@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @1Kathleen75 @TMZ_Politics I believe that too! Run, DT! Please!
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world. -- Think Like a Champion
@youngsellz4: @realDonaldTrump you'd be a great president Mr.Trump Thank you, the World would no longer look at us as fools!
@T_Sharp4: Donald Trump would be the most ideal President Thank you!
Las Vegas' most elite destination, @TrumpLasVegas' has 64 stories of golden glass &amp; offers ultimate luxury 
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
Romney was the architect of ObamaCare. Bushu2019s Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?
@Jenylyn23: @realDonaldTrump what would be your first action as President?  TO END OBAMACARE!
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.  -- Winston Churchill
.@garyplayer  As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!
Obamau2019s war on women. u201cNumber of Unemployed Women Increased in July by 227,000u201d 
@AlexDub182821: @realDonaldTrump great stuff on Howard today! Now call up Jim Kelly and get that Buffalo Bills deal done!
.@jamieaydt  Happy Birthday Jamie!
@mrsfrazieraz @realDonaldTrump on our way to Trump International Las Vegas!  It's our favorite place to stay! #trumplasvegas  Thanks.
@BobBursey: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president, you'll get my vote. Along with every one I know Thanks, so nice!
@breemomma33: @realDonaldTrump Always enjoy listening to you on @foxandfriends Too bad this Administration doesn't take your advice!
@jem72133: @WeeHen82 @realDonaldTrump I look up to him as he is my idol  Thank you!
@ddrocks777 .@realDonaldTrump Cannot wait for the newest season of The Celebrity Apprentice!! I've been a huge fan since it started Great!
@Deanna_Lea_: @realDonaldTrump you'd win the south #presidenttrump
@jimmycapo65: @realDonaldTrump I would work ur campaign and u wouldn't even have to pay me, Happy Holidays!
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife @MELANIATRUMP -- a truly great decision by me! 
@realmattshroyer: Best looking building in Chicago. We enjoyed our stay greatly. I like the new TRUMP addition.  
It's not climate change,it's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
The cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. Premieres January 4th on NBC. 
@DrDardano: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas great stay. It's the place to be in #vegas Thanks for the #upgrade. 
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.
@DKielbiski: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville @SpeakingTruth11 @samcgirl Donald trump always gets it right! Brandiglanville is awesome.
Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
@austin_noah530: Just bought @realDonaldTrump The Art of The Deal. Can't wait to read this ud83dudc4c Great!
@BilldaBeastII: @realDonaldTrump you done good in L.A. They need to play a PGA tourney here... for real! 
@BigBoie7531:  To all the liberal do gooders, this is the Plague you idiots! No cure! @ You may have confidence in the CDC, but I don't!
@nursedebi @realDonaldTrump thank you for your support #CDCwhistleblower You're welcome.
@Raj_Tut: I'm 22... my company @TutandTut owns $6 million worth of multi-family properties... I started because of you... any advice?Great
.@piersmorgan Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy &amp; aggression. Without that he would be deadu2014a first class dummy!
@shoot69towin: I went to Doral over the holidays,have to say it was everything I expected a trump facility to be. Staff is exceptional.
@jimmy_arellano  The best thing that could happen to New York sports is @realDonaldTrump  buying the bills Thanks. @nflcommish
It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
Congratulations to @bostonpolice on yesterdayu2019s successful and safe @bostonmarathon. The entire country is proud.
@Reinosooo: @realDonaldTrump are you serious about being president? I have a lot of faith in you.  Thank you.
@splashmediabstn: @realDonaldTrump I love the sign!
Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems
A big part of the country, even the southern states, is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone?
.@SkyscraperLive: Nick, all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds!
@sandihill29: @JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I watch your SHOW every sat nite!! Love YOU n show. Love @realDonaldTrump TOO
@sev_enteen: Please run for president @realDonaldTrump. This country needs you!  Thanks!
@SciFreitag: @realDonaldTrump: I believe in one thing only, the power of human will #PresidentTrump2016
@ColtsWynn: The Donald did it right at Trump National Doral. Beautiful course. 
@RealSQUEZZ: @realDONALDTRUMP IF YOU RUN FOR PRESIDENCY, MY VOTE IS GUARANTEED TO YOU!!!! #Trump2016!!!
@diamondman23: @realDonaldTrump this guy has got good stuff, your the man Trump, 130am and I'm up reading your book, 
@afrangione8: #TrumpForPresident #2016 Make it happen, enough said @realDonaldTrump
@VeryOddDog: What's BRUTAL is a nation WITHOUT the vision, interpid leadership &amp; PLAIN COMMON SENSE of @realDonaldTrumpu00a0for PRESIDENT!
@stac: Following @realDonaldTrump was one of the best decisions I've made on twitter. Love the way he speaks his mind and no sugar coating
@EmilioMasella @realDonaldTrump the more I keep reading the more respect I gain for you Thanks
@frankadgpr: @realDonaldTrump I recently heard you talked and acted like a Billionaire, before you became a Billioanire.  Interesting.
Later today Iu2019m being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington, D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor.
@donchymes: @realDonaldTrump is indeed a great man,always says his mind and stands for the truth not minding whose ox is gored.
@JZ561: @realDonaldTrump Seriously love all things Trump! #justsayin Thanks.
Won $5,000,000 against Miss Pennsylvania, Sheena Monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person!
@princebe:  Antarctic ice shelf melt 'lowest EVER recorded, global warming is NOT eroding it' 
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Wow, NY Observer story about @AGSchneiderman really exposes him as a sleazebag &amp; crook. Heu2019s bad for New York.  
@JOEBANNAS: @realDonaldTrump There are no friends over there , you can not trust anybody. They where probably set up . Get our boys out
@oddi_donovan_99: You're a big thinker, and one of a kind... go for President of USA @realDonaldTrump .
@realDarrin: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for Celeb Apprentice 7!!! 
@Mikeyy84: @realDonaldTrump very subdue atmosphere. Not take it away from Kaymer but it's like watching paint dry #USOpen #anticlimax
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.n -- Benjamin Franklin
u201cPerception about India has changed, says Donald Trumpu201d 
@Texxas_Gal @irishabroad @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @Trump_Ireland @ShannonAirport beautiful family!!! enjoy your trip  Thank you.
I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify, I would run for Governor and win. They can't unify -SAD!
@_tregun: @realDonaldTrump Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan: O's foreign policy (or lack thereof) fails repeatedly.
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional u2018global warmingu2019 is worse.
We fully support @SaveCulzean in Turnberry--great for beauty &amp; tourism. Wind turbines are death to environment.   
.@McIlroyRory - Way to go Rory, fantastic victory!
The failing @NYDailyNews which just raised its prices because itu2019s dying, said I wear a u201cwigu201d when they know I donu2019t. Dishonest.
@cliffwf: @realDonaldTrump love the sign in Chicago. Its got class.
@twins44: @realDonaldTrump I think you are responsible for lower gas prices, only you had the balls to call out OPEC. Thank you Mr. Trump
@KennedyGaels: Thanks for hosting our 5/21 President's Dinner @TrumpNationalNY honoring @IgnatiusPress Founder Fr. Joseph Fessio &amp; @FrDunn
W/ views of NYC's skyline, Trump Stamford is Connecticutu2019s most luxurious high rise, featuring Trump amenities 
@dale_schrock: @realDonaldTrump So true.. They should pay up for our protection, and by the way stop persecuting Christians over there too!
@SpinningDisk: @realDonaldTrump Ignore them Mr. Trump. Don't waste your time. Sounds like a personal problem for them. LOSERS!
@Tyler_MostDope: @realDonaldTrump I am definitely voting for this man right here @realDonaldTrump
If you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault
@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump only you know the truth Donald!!! Please run for president, only you can save the #USA
Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!
@seyjohnny: Obama traded 5 low life's from Gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter, but did nothing for the soldier in Mexico
Remember when comedian Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?
Just as I predicted @Rosie would fail on The View- 
A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning.
@mrjgp: @realDonaldTrump awesome howard stern interview!
@timgerzabek: @realDonaldTrump @GolfDigestMag I thought this was the US Open not the wanna be British Open
@LisaNoelBryson: @realDonaldTrump We need you to run this country! 2016! The year of the Donald!
If only Obama would treat @IsraeliPM @netanyahu with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange &amp; dangerous for our national security.
Via @NYDailyNews: Joan Rivers' last work for @ApprenticeNBC will run on two shows next season, says Donald Trump 
@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump My advice: run for president!
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
@tweets_business: @realDonaldTrump 
Must watch for all Georgians @Perduesenateu2019s new ad u201cSecure Our Border 
@McDeLLaware: How would Donald Trump handle Vladimir Putin? 
.@AustinKaiser52 The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday at @CPACnews is @GovChristie &amp; @realDonaldTrump #DCBound Thanks.
@robertpizorno: I really want to hear @realDonaldTrump say You're fired to Reid and Pelosi.
@ShakyStu: @realDonaldTrump @ayrshirepost @TrumpTurnberry Nice move! Worth while investment. Can't wait to see how well it's finished!
@dmadan81: The NFL is becoming unwatchable; because of the flags -@realDonaldTrump
@TheRealZach49: This is why we need @realDonaldTrump in office. @BarackObama doesn't know how to keep order
@BenMccormick17: @realDonaldTrump My cousin is getting married at your Club in Mooresville on April 25 2015. Tell them congratulations!
@Parslow_88: @realDonaldTrump lets go #Trump2016
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!
@CarriagewayGuy: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald you've mastered everything else in life now the white house awaits!
@KennicotAsks: @realDonaldTrump Of all the fellow celebrities you've met, which do you consider to be the most humble?  ME!
@thewoods575: I would rather read @realDonaldTrump tweets than hear Obama lie #tweetthetruth vs #lierlier
@scotgov: Scotland could be on the verge of a new generation of hydro power 
@Desheay: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 2016. A New Era Of Prosperity FOR ALL......  True, and it would be easy!
Look, Snowden is bad, done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?).
@BattleFace2Face: @realDonaldTrump You got my vote donald your the only 1 that can save us from this economy #trump2016
@Firehart555: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I'll be watching Mr Trump.
.@sethmeyers  Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure!
Via @nypost by Editorial Board: u201cNew Yorku2019s mute @AGSchneidermanu201d 
@ReglarWiglar:  @heelshoops23 Trump would make a very, very good POTUS. He is really, really smart and makes great business decisions.
@thinkingmomsrev: @RobSchneider @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson @jaketapper report this~ 
@neevee31: u201c@BillRancic:10 yrs ago I won the 1st season of the Apprentice..Thank you @realdonaldtrump 4 a life changing event
@DrewHutch13  w/ you on those windmills my man!! Waste of $$$, time and other resources. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless!
Home of the 2022 @PGAChampionship, Trump Natu2019l Bedminster features 36 holes designed by famed architect Tom Fazio 
@jkmartin16: @realDonaldTrump for POTUS 2016/@MELANIATRUMP for FLOTUS!! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8  I can tell you with certainty, she would be great!
Wow, China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA!
@HN_JAD @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr your Trump Hotel in #Vegas is spectacular. Amazing strip views. Thank you.
.@McIlroyRory  Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry.
I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!
There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he canu2019t even make a website for $5 Billion?
I am in Dubai with Damac.  PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course.
@ArsenioHall  Come on DT @realDonaldTrump ... fly in! You must visit stage 6!  #arseniohallshow  It will happen--great going.
@BrklynSportGeek  Just heard you're bidding on @buffalobills. As a buffalo native thank you.  My honor.
@cmull43: I'm not sayingTrump should necessarily be a 2 term president. Give him 4 years and he can begin the restructuring of our economy
@PInnaurato: I have so much respect for @realDonaldTrump he took down Rosie. #revisitingthefight
@espn: The @realDonaldTrump + @FrankCaliendo impersonating Donald Trump = Radio Gold. 
Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00
The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE.
@diegoJovelar: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016
@wmdavid66: @realDonaldTrump @ArsenioHall It is without a doubt true. Arsenio was a has been that people barely remembered.
@mrcharlietoldme: 
Do you notice that because of Ebola, ISIS etc., ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!
@aureliusjb: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, I love your sign, it really spiffs up that stodgy old town. Keep up the great style statements.
Watch @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump accept my #ALSIceBucketChallenge- 
@tegodreaux: Whew finally off of work...I'll say it again..TRUMP 2016.BECAUSE NOBODY LOVES AMERICA MORE THAN DONALD TRUMP. #1
I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland.
@ITS_TIMe31: Can @realDonaldTrump please run for president!
@TheOnlyCdorsey: Wearing the @realDonaldTrump signature collection today #lookgoodfeelgoodscangood
@jsimonwc: @MattGinellaGC @realDonaldTrump Built for golf. Not built for TV. That is true because it looks horrible on T.V.  SAD!
@FranMFarber: If anyone can turn around this country and create jobs it's @realDonaldTrump It will not even be difficult.
The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because Iu2019m a lover of golfu2014and that look on TV hurts golf badly.
@Mmmkamilla: I have never voted before, but if Mr.Trump ran for President, I would love nothing more than for my first vote to go to him.
Congratulations to @joniernst on her impressive @IowaGOP primary win last night. Now all should unite &amp; defeat Bruce Braley this November
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.n--Thomas A. Edison
@AlexDavisChevy: Next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. Would vote for you in a heartbeat! #TrumpEm #Trump4Prez
@THEPIZZAPOPO: It feels like I've been waiting for the @ApprenticeNBC FOREVER!!!!!! I'm so happy and ready for this season @realDonaldTrump
@MELANIATRUMP: #RIPOscarDeLaRenta One of the greatest fashion designers of all time. 
Fact u2013 Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
Congratulations to @SteveKingIA and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House.
Great decision by @SpeakerBoehner in placing @TGowdySC as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.
@dhesi604 @realDonaldTrump when does the trump tower in Vancouver bc open up? The pool bar is gonna be awesome 1 year, thanks.
@PeteDicenSO: @realDonaldTrump we need you in the White House!!!!! #Trump2016  I agree, thanks!
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!
@Lorde_Erc: Wish I had hair like @realDonaldTrump Great taste!
@Al4uk: @realDonaldTrump was in Chicago and saw your sign on your building. It looks great!!
Virginia's highest rated wine by @WineEnthusiast, @trumpwinery is inspired by the regions of Bordeaux &amp; Champagne 
@KnoxyDiane: What a day at @TrumpScotland @realDonaldTrump Course is unreal.  
@earlallencarr: @realDonaldTrump that's why we need and want you to run for president
We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper &amp; survive
u201cDem candidates are all folks who vote with me.u201d u2013 Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates
ObamaCare enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in u201ctheir online shopping cartsu201d  
u201cNever confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.u201d - F. Scott Fitzgerald
@moflatley: Were likely paid w/ public funds for original services, now likely to get nearly half of settlementu2026.#doubledipping
@mnm769: @realDonaldTrump @JHKING17 why don't u do it Donald trump  Just watch!
Career Advice from Donald Trump 
@hollyrpeete: So funny. @espn: The @realDonaldTrump + @FrankCaliendo impersonating Donald Trump = Radio Gold. 
@oforsyth: @realDonaldTrump I'm from the UK and even I'm voting for Donald! Trump Trump Trump! I'm moving to America!
@Mashawwwws They say read a book it'll make you smarter. I say read a book by @realDonaldTrump and you become more intelligent. Thanks.
@matteastwood  Say what you will about Trump, but he sure is amassing a hell of a collections of golf courses! True, the best in the world
Via @washingtonpost by @OConnellPostbiz:u201cBidding to stay at Trumpu2019s hotel for '17 inauguration?Pick the next POTUS. 
Welcome to the new ObamaCare reality u2013 Doctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery 
@EveningExpress: Aberdeenshire's first five-star hotel revealed 
@iadoreem: @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews You were great Donald!
@bbeltku: Named my first born son after @realDonaldTrump Hope he lives up to the name!  He will be a total winner!
Article: More illegals enter than people born in state each week.n  
@AB8TN: @realDonaldTrump our troops are trained to put a 7.62mm through a fleas ass from 1000m not fight a virus
@leoncekakore: @realDonaldTrump what is the secret behind your success? Good ideas and concepts but, beyond everything, I NEVER QUIT!
@Chad_G: @realDonaldTrump #Trump4President!
Via @LinkedInPulse  by @nicholas_wyman: u201cWhat All Hiring Managers Can Learn from Donald Trumpu201dn  
u201cTalent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.u201d u2013 Arthur Schopenhauer
@caleb2207: You should get a show on FoxNews! With your brilliant &amp; independent mind I think your show would surpass the @oreillyfactor
@PianoBecca: First order of business for America is to  elect DonaldTrump. Next is make America strong again! And he is the man to do it!
@rgb0y: @realDonaldTrump happy birthday sir! Nothing but respect for what you've accomplished.  Thanks.
Launching the Trump Home by Dorya Furniture Collection today. It looks amazing! @HPMARKETNEWS @DoryaInteriors 
@DiamondsLPN: @realDonaldTrump Would you please run for President? People respect you!!! And know you don't play around!
@THEINTENSITY: The worst part is the apathy the administration has for informing the public of timely info about Ebola @realDonaldTrump
@hattie_42: @realDonaldTrump. A real businessman would lower taxes &amp; remove some 3000 restrictions on businesses. Go Donald!!
@elkaneh: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @smerconish was just thinking that! What a boring show! Snooze fest!
@RealEnGenX: @realDonaldTrump @MikeAndMike @FrankCaliendo Great segment! Ty for the laughs
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Trump presidency would right the ship. Please run, Donald. It can be done - thanks.
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!
@williamwatp: @realDonaldTrump great phone interview on espn! Ps forget buffalo, buy the Chicago @Cubs #sonsofwrigley
@kinserka: @realDonaldTrump @MikeAndMike just awesome!
The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!
@BerryBrite1: @realDonaldTrump They knew the risk when they went to Africa. They choose it freely.
@Tigers2iron: @realDonaldTrump @PianoBecca When is your announcement that you aren't going to run scheduled to be made?  Stay tuned!
Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @TrumpChicago. I am honored by the great support.
@samcgirl: Ok, people, it has to be said: the new season of #CelebrityApprentice looks fabulous! @realDonaldTrump I CANNOT wait!!!!!
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump inspiring words on @foxandfriends this morning great job as always
@yourfrehwre: #PayMyBillsChallenge @Beyonce @BillGates @realDonaldTrump I nominate you
@jplw70: @realDonaldTrump @Lexi So happy for her too, she played super!  She is a great player and a great person!
.@TrumpNewYork is NYC's only @ForbesInspector 5 Star &amp; @AAAnews 5 Diamond hotel w/a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant 
@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump always knows what to say. I love the #trumpadvice Thank you.
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
@triplemmom: @realDonaldTrump @iamerunbe African nations r restricting air travel from each other....is that racist?
@DouglasSeacat1: Where are all the liberal environmentalists demanding the end of wind turbines to stop the slaughter of birds? So true!
Via @necn by @KatherineNECN: u201cTrump Waiting to See Who Runs in 2016u201dn  
Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza.
@ChrissstinaC: @realDonaldTrump Is apprentice coming back on the air? #donaldforpresident YES, start shooting in two weeks - SEASON 14!
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp; comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
@shawnrss: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will end poverty!
@AlexArancio: @ArsenioHall doesn't mention Apprentice because his ego won't let him. It's why he failed originally and will fail again
@HighlifeLondon: @realdonaldtrump, our meembers have voted Trump International Golf Links as one of the best courses in the world!
The #Hyperlapse app in @TrumpTowerNY- 
@Luckyblue02: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas! I'm raising funds for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital 
@JHasseyjr: @abunnieslife: Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir! Thank
This Sunday at 9/8C, the real playoffs begin with the premiere of @apprenticenbc! Game on in the Boardroom... 
Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen, Turnberry (Scotland) and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun!
.@bubbawatson  What a great player you have turned out to be but also, what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win.
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed?  Tune in to @foxandfriends at 7:15.
@jacquelynileneh: RT @teamhealthnut: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will always be a hit.  I agree!
@David_Bossie Keep the Bills in Buffalo. @realDonaldTrump can save them. Would be a great NFL owner!  @nflcommish
@jperk1: @realDonaldTrump Goldberger was a loser  True, really bad taste - but he's gone now!
@elspryte                    n@realDonaldTrump fantastic point of view, 95% of uk would agree with you there @AlexSalmond
We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Letu2019s take the Senate and stop Obamau2019s dangerous agenda.
@Blvd @realDonaldTrump We won't unless you get elected. Seriously. No politician is capable of fixing this mess not even Cruz or Rand Paul.
@DAmicoJ03: I can't understand people who dont like @realDonaldTrump .. Must be because he's got everything anyone wishes they had. Thanks
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
@DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump ~ I WAS THERE when @ArsenioHall said that. More then once by the way. Just saying, it is #FACT #TRUE!
On 800 beautiful acres in Miami, @TrumpDoral boasts 100,000 sq. ft. in meeting space with event planning services 
@abdulmalikm103: @realDonaldTrump @WhiteShaunwhite Donald Trump will serve a Positive Government if Elected president.
@davidcanlas88:  I wish you would advice the Kardashians and the Jenner sisters on child rearing. You did a good job upbringing your girl.
u201cMy office is at Yankee stadium. Yes, dreams do come true.u201d - @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.
@AgoraIndex: u201c@realDonaldTrump: u201cSuccess isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.u201d u2013 Mike Ditkau201d
@dudum234: @realDonaldTrump @DrDardano @TrumpLasVegas Donald, you are my model in life since I first saw you (I was14 years then). RESPECT!
@warrencasselljr: Happy Birthday to @realDonaldTrump. I wish you many more success! You are greatness!  Thanks.
@bradcooney1:Wise words. My Nephew is a US Marine soon to be heading into harms way again. It's gonna be a long 7 months for us. Good luck
@DustinDeMoss: @realDonaldTrump I disagree with you on A LOT of things but you're spot on on the 5. Well finally!
@Bigjohn6531 You were 100% on the mark Donald when you said we should have taken some Iraqi oil ... True, now Iran has it.
@ell7654321: @realDonaldTrump If u run for president u have my vote Remember that!
Via @WSJ by @SenAlexander: Wind-Power Tax Credits Need to be Blown Away  
@denn: DonaldTrump has one of the best twitters out there. love him or hate him, the man 'gets it'. very important for modern leaders IMO.
Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland!
The people of Scotland have spokenu2014a great decision. I wish @AlexSalmond well &amp; look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen!
@replicatemedia: Mr Trump, You were Excellent on Howard Stern! It is time that America is Rebuilt on a Renewed Foundation of Capitalism!
My @SteveDeaceShow interview discussing Ebola, Obamau2019s incompetence &amp; my trip to Iowa for  @SteveKingIA on Sat.  
Interesting case from UK re @stellacreasy and abusive troll 
@TommyA_22: @realDonaldTrump has no filter. He says what needs to be said because no one else will say it.
@THR: Donald Trump: ABC's 'Black-ish' Title Is Racist 
@JJ55334767: @realDonaldTrump please save the United States of America. I know you can get the country back on the right track again
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?
With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory, I will now sue for millions of $u2019s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable.
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. Steve Jobs
@DonaldTrumpHub: Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett, Mogul Donald Trump Tweet Same Message ... 
@WartenbergHans  @JoshuaBlack2014 One of the many things I admire about you Mr. Trump is that you aren't afraid to speak your mind. True!
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Congratulations to @BillCassidy on a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth &amp; pro-energy Senator.
Today is referendum on ObamaCare, Amnesty, slow growth, having your healthcare dropped &amp; all the other lies.
@TAlcornVan: @realDonaldTrump You got my vote! But please don't make the middle class suffer more! I have complete faith in you Donald!
.@Andre_Reed83. Congratulations Andre, you deserve it!
u201cTrump: Illegal Immigrants Are Getting Treated Better than Vetsu201d 
We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isn't it!
Ratings way down, show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned? @Rosie always fails.
#TrumpAdvice 
@TrumpPhillyGM: One week from today, we open our amazing pool #trumpnationalphiladelphia! Thank you @EricTrump!  GOOD LUCK ERIC Q!
Moving forward f/tonightu2019s competitive primaries, it is crucial that the Tea Party &amp; @GOP remain united towards November. Take the Senate!
The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end, that is what counts.
@laineyk251: It was a pleasure to meet you today Mr.Trump, wishing the very best with Trump international Doonbeg 
My @6abc int. with @Jim_Gardner on Atlantic City, Philadelphiau2019s real estate market &amp; 2014, 2016 elections 
@Minnesotavk81: @realDonaldTrump your sign on chicago tower looks awesome!  Thanks.
John Cahill is highly respected in all circlesu2014really nice to see that heu2019s running for New York State Attorney General. @CahillForAG
@not_that_a @realDonaldTrump Wearing a Trump tie doesn't make you as smart a businessman as Trump, but it does make you look smart @Macy's
@NCBillsFan  The Bills need someone that will not take piss poor performance! Mr. Trump is the man! Great things will happen!  @nflcommish
@mileswynn3 @Jennifer75AR @CahlRStorrie Guys Trump is busy running the Trump brand he is not going to take a step down as President. Watch
Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  Enjoy!
A great Fatheru2019s Day giftu2014a stay at my 5 star hotel @TrumpNewYork along with items from my signature collection 
@MarkSciubbaDoe @realDonaldTrump PLEASE SAVE THE BILLS FROM @BonJovi AND CANADA #BillsMafia  I will try!
@tspohn: I think it'd be cool if @realDonaldTrump ran in 2016. He'd get my vote Great!
@huicho52: @realDonaldTrump enjoy dear Donald,,,,,,you are the maximum expression of real generosity
@MadinahTamer: Please run for president this country needs true leadership @realDonaldTrump Thank you.
@AmSpec did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of @BuzzFeed and the very dumb Ben Smith.
@LindseyScheibe @realDonaldTrump Erik's story breaks my heart. Vaccines destroyed his family.  
Congratulations to @thomtillis on winning @NCGOP Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan!
@SPE_Mike @realDonaldTrump I live here in Chicago and I love it!!! Your building is amazing as is your sign!!  Thank you.
@DashJohnston: You are a Great Man Mr. Trump. Your words of wisdom get me through the day. You could make our nation great again. ud83dudc97ud83dudc97ud83dudc97
@InsideGolfNews: @TigerWoods and @realDonaldTrump have drafted plans for a new championship golf course.
@TAGIII: @realDonaldTrump @mfinale1 Explain why BHO rescues a deserter and leaves a real soldier rotting in a Mexican jail?
Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life. - Think Big
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them.
@DrewMadeOFF: RT @realDonaldTrump: I never did a day's work in my #life. It was all #fun. -- Thomas A. Edison
u201cIf you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.u201d - n  Sun Tzu
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
u201cFailure has a thousand explanations. Success doesn't need one.u201d - Alec Guinness
@BKearnss Haha gotta love listening to @realDonaldTrump on @sternshow .. says exactly what he's thinking lol  True, thanks.
@algiers4: @realDonaldTrump @Reinosooo YOU ARE THE LIGHT. THE ONLY HUMAN WHO CAN GUIDE THIS NATION TO THE EAGLES WINGS AND LANDS BEYOND!!!
Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all controlu2014so sad.
@Grinderswitch: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Donald run please you can fix this mess
I will be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!
@sowinski_house: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president!  A very wise choice, thanks!
To all young (and old) entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself, talk yourself up! Energize yourself and you'll energize others.
@bid2buy: When it takes this long to get a Marine back from a country where Americans vacation something is wrong. @realDonaldTrump #Marine
@JayGershbein: I agree! MT  Doctor on @NBCNightlyNews agreed we should not bring #Ebola into country in two patients, bring docs to them.
On the shores of Lake Norman, @Trump_Charlotte presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course 
@cfdmthompson: Great day at Trump National Charlotte. Loved the renovations. @realDonaldTrump 
@smiller581110 @realDonaldTrump @skimpybean Just watched your ALS ice bucket challenge. BIG RESPECT to you  Thank you.
@tvtagWWE: Triple H aka Donald Trump. #SmackDown #yourefired 
@rblairbrown: This sentiment of just 'give in easily' wouldn't exist if we had a Trump presidency in place. Run Mr Trump... We need you!
@joddo15  @realDonaldTrump take a shot at buying the @buffalobills and keeping them in WNY! @nflcommish
Remember, Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage!
@MaiNu586: #hannity @realDonaldTrump You, good sir, are a great American and created a lot of jobs, not like a looney lib! God bless.
I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard, who teamed up against me, in a major case worth millions ($). They were so dumb!
@JefeClutch: @realDonaldTrump RUN FOR PRESIDENT
@rummypent: @realDonaldTrump @johneharmon man I'd love to see u as our prez. U speak my language sir. God love you  Thank you!
@JoshGliege: @realDonaldTrump is really not liking the Oscars. He tells it the way it is, which would be a nice in a president. #trump2016
@jeffredman5: @realDonaldTrump #Trump4Prez  Thank you!
@LeezaGibbons: @IanZiering Congrats on @ChainsawBrands ! DonaldTrump must be proud ! #Sharknado Way to go @IanZiering, you are a winner!
@mileswynn3: @CahlRStorrie @Jennifer75AR Trump would be # 1 however he has his plate full so unfortunately I do not think so Just watch!
@mariadomenique9: @realDonaldTrump umm when does #CelebrityApprentice start?! My girl Vivica A Fox is guna be on it so im def watchin!!
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine, Iran is nuking up &amp; Libya is run by Al Qaeda, yet Obama is busy issuing u2018climate changeu201d warnings.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
We should have taken the oil in Iraq, and now our mortal enemies have got it, and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!
Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida?
On 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice &amp; our freedom.
@Ricolodean: @ChiBDM @realDonaldTrump he has the right business skills to lead our country back to the top.
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.
Congratulations to @STEPHENATHOME - I will see you on the show!
High above the city, @TrumpLasVegasu2019 pool deck mixes business &amp; pleasure over a soaring bar of sky-bound gold 
#TrumpVlog Obama should be ashamed! 
@TravelShamrock @realDonaldTrump Welcome to Ireland! Enjoy the fine weather on Ireland's golf courses  Thank you.
@chrisg802: @realDonaldTrump @slaw116 God awful show. Many excellent shows were snubbed that were much better.
@emilymistretta: i love when @realDonaldTrump tweets #ud83dudc18
@duffman263            nJust realised @realDonaldTrump was in home alone 2! Looking dapper as always Thank you.
@sluggok @realDonaldTrump Thank You for donating a trac chair to the wounded warriors.It's much appreciated. My honor, thank you.
@NewCongress4NE: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends RUN DONALD RUN
@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump you can't lose in 2015 or 2016. Merry Christmas.
#TrumpVlog Why are we the sad suckers? 
Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.
@DeannaSpillyard: @DeannaSpillyard: Successful Business 101: If @realDonaldTrump buys, you buy. If he sells, you sell. Don't ask just do it
Congratulations to @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago for being honored with a @MichelinGuideChi two-star rating again this year!
In a little reported event, China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington!
If Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012, do you think heu2019d rehire himself for 2016?u2014I donu2019t!
Problems are never truly hardships to winners, &amp; if you havenu2019t got any, then you must not have a business to run.
@loveandgarbage  Never said it, a total misquote.
.@MattGinellaGC Thx for the nice story @TrumpDoral. Look forward to showing you Trump Intu2019l in Aberdeen in the spring &amp; Turnberry plans.
A state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments, military vet @joniernst will make a tremendous US Senator. Iowa, send Joni to DC!
@Irishfoodtrail @R47R  We were at the Trump Int'l a few weeks ago it's one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in for many reasons Thanks.
The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated, multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice?
Happy 30th Birthday #Ghostbusters! It was great to have @TrumpTowerNY be a part of the series. 
@Ricolodean: Mr.Trump, If you don't run I will honestly consider moving out of the country. Without your leadership we are in big trouble.
Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire.
It takes guts to win!
u201cKeep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.u201d u2013 Trump Never Give Up
@JWill1240: @realDonaldTrump: @ohheyjanelle: Mr. @realDonaldTrump for President 2016! PLEASE RUN. IF THERE'S A GOD, YOU WILL RUN!!!
@mikkelmachete: @realDonaldTrump Take it away, take it away 
@x_victoria97: @realDonaldTrump should be president..
@FlorenceDiLeo: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends glad you're a part of foxandfriends!
Via @Newsmax_Media: u201c@RepMattSalmon: Obama 'Didn't Lift a Finger' to Help Free Marine in Mexican Prisonu201d 
@sherrymcmurry @realDonaldTrump Great interview on #Hannity.  Thank you.
@Rhumeey: @realDonaldTrump. Bluntness is thy name oh Donald Trump!.....you call it as it is, regardless whose ox is gored.
@M_Forese: @realDonaldTrump we need a leader with the business smarts along with mental strength to run this country such as you! I agree!
@DanKonservative: @realDonaldTrump @tlrchrstphrbrsn Don't you think you are exactly what the U.S. needs?!?! Yes!
Yes, I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement
@jameranne: @realDonaldTrump If only Donald Trump could tell uObama he's fired the world would be a happier place
@alvisefranz: Italian people support @realDonaldTrump for 2016 president.
@StClou: Have to agree with Mr. T, what will ruin NFL is not the off-field idiocy, but the on field idiocy of penalizing every hard tackle
@lansdalepadre @realDonaldTrump what a great sport!!  Good job!! #ALSIceBucketChallenge  Thank you.
@EyedUsa: @realDonaldTrump You are the only man to save America!
@Yankee_RangerNV The silver lining in you not buying the Bills is that you can HOPEFULLY rescue what's left of this country&amp; RUN! So true!
@alexniekamp: @realDonaldTrump Loving the new TRUMP sign going up in Chicago! Thank you!
Via @DailyMail by @chriskitching: u201cLuxury penthouse at @TrumpChicago skyscraper sells for record $17Mu201d 
Via @ConMonitorNews by @CMonitor_JVF: Donald Trump guest speaker at event honoring James Foley 
The price of greatness is responsibility. -- Winston Churchill
@BillsMafia  You would be an excellent owner and bring winning back to a great organization and the best fans out there! @nflcommish
Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!
@stephencranford: @realDonaldTrump that's awesome! #Trump4President #TRUMP2016
@MELANIATRUMP: ud83dudcf7 #tbt #throwbackthursday 
@JonTwolegit: @realDonaldTrump when does celebrity apprentice start- spring is in the air, so I know it must be soon  Shooting in 2 weeks.
@MarkMizzouSteel: @realDonaldTrump @ichicagoscott @TrumpChicago Trust me, I have stayed there a few times for work and it is fantastic!
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. -- Henry Ford
.@SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course  Thank you.
Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt shame at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery, just had it!
@hillarysusans: @IvankaTrump Your dad is awesome. He should run for President. He could raise the country like he raised his kids and WOW.
The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years.
@mikewarner1976  All I want for Christmas is for @realDonaldTrump to buy the @buffalobills @nflcommish
@paxton_pete: Please RT? Very sick 8 year old British girl with rare cancer needs help to get more treatment. 
Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
@samcgirl: @DMartinMMXII @realDonaldTrump I can put politics aside for the sheer love I have for #CelebrityApprentice - seriously!u2764ufe0fud83dude0du2764ufe0f
.@ArsenioHall - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice, without which you would be nowhere!
@EmilyJeffrie @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago you know the meaning of class, luxury, and the pursuit of the American dream! #winner! Thanks
u201cConcentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory.u201d - Bill Russell
@Kev_360: @Fairbuilt @TrumpScotland  Great photo. I finished my round with a par. 18 strategically placed bunkers. Risk and reward.
.@genesimmons  Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release? #FreeOurMarine
@BLCKMSSH: @realDonaldTrump I'M VOTING FOR YOU IN 2016 ud83dudcaf
@soul_of_twit: People I'd pay to see do that bucket thing: Donald Trump, Madonna, Bono.
@tylerthurston: Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrump, I always look forward to reading your advice..Great!
Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral, the Blue Monster. Great guys!
@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @cgrubb85 Amen! Run, Mr Trump! I will vote for you!
@David_GriffinJr: @realDonaldTrump @SenRandPaul great pairing of a political powerhouse and a business genius! Thanks, it was a lot of fun
#FlashbackFriday At Military Academy- second from left. 
Building a personal brand? Then focus on being great. Focus on being the best at what you do. Excellent article: 
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto continues to receive accolades. Great city, great hotel. 
u201cThe object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.u201d - Phil Mickelson @MickelsonHat
@MeleMallory: @realDonaldTrump You know it's actually called CLIMATE CHANGE, right? That's only because GLOBAL WARMING wasn't working!
Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum.
@jvas1110: @realDonaldTrump Trump for PRESIDENT !!!!
@Audrasa74: @can_U_see_2020:  @RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president! #Trump2016
@DeannaSpillyard: My Dad, Captain Tom Scott went home to be with the Lord last night. Please keep my family in your prayers. #devastated.
@ClaudeVanPelt: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is the only man who can save this country and run it efficiently. Many agree, thanks!
@FlushingHearing             n@realDonaldTrump Looking forward to hearing you speak at the Starkey Expo on Thursday10 AM/ Las Vegas/Great!
@mrkhanm87: Everyone wants to be Donald Trump, yet no one knows what he has been through in past. No one wants to accept the hard work.
With @IvankaTrump and @EricTrump at the opening of the @GaryPlayer Villa at @TrumpDoral-  
@AlexDub182821: Im pretty sure the new stadium project would get a kick in the ass if @realDonaldTrump was the new owner. True. @nflcommish
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.n-- Samuel Johnson
@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump IS A REAL AMERICAN AND HE KNOWS WHAT WE WANT. #PresidentTrump2016
Congrats @TrumpDoral for being named one of the Most Notable Openings of 2014 from @BizBash: 
@leetimlin0511: I just want @realDonaldTrump to buy my Bills! Perfect man for the perfect club  nflcommish
@ep_capital               @ReformedBroker @PhilipRucker @realDonaldTrump yo that sign gonna be more famous than HOLLYWOOD! I agree!
@Mitchwa: @realDonaldTrump What a great night for the good guys. I'm worried about Obama using executive power to pass immigration law
@alvinkaisi: @realDonaldTrump @BigBobbyWatson Amy is a SAP!! Sharpton loves Suckers like Her! True, she is a fool!
@JoeSillett: Only followed @realDonaldTrump from across the pond for a couple of weeks, but his use of @twitter is superb. #ManOfThePeople
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
@D1PZ: One of Donald Trump's philosophies: If someone screws you, screw them back ten times worse I have heard of far worse!
@robbmack17: Cracking day at Trump International Links Scotland yesterday. What a place to play golf! Loved it.  
@216th: @realDonaldTrump you made joan rivers very happy when u rightfully chose her to win apprentice.
.@Graeme_McDowell   Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!
Remember, China is not a friend of the United States!
When nobody wanted the UFC, I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job!
Why would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senatoru2013 they have Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress who may be next Leader &amp; bring $u2019s to KY
@rbrohammer:  Just watched your speech at the National Press Club. Fantastic as usual. Please consider 2016. We need fantastic leadership
There's nothing like fall in #NewYorkCity. See where @TrumpCollection recommends you take in the season's beauty:n
@DianeInVegas: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump I truly wish Mr. Trump the best he's Awesome!&amp; Very Cool. So Smart. Trump 4 President yeah!
I enjoyed meeting with @MattBlunt @TrumpTowerNY to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. Many US jobs are at stake.
Via @nbc6: u201c@MissUniverse Pageant Coming to @TrumpDoral in 2015u201d 
@pacsgirl36: @realDonaldTrump wish he would just resign he is hurting America now other parts of the world Obama is a disaster
@JackEvansWard2 Happy to join @realDonaldTrump at kickoff of Hotel at the Old Post Office 
@jamesholt52 @realDonaldTrump we need someone to lead the party strong person behind the man, that is your strength Thank you.
@NYCdeb8tr  Mr. Trump, I would love to see you spice things up, and cut a rug on #DancingWiththeStars They would love to have me!
@schaeferpg: @realDonaldTrump @GeeBilz Am a Donald Trump follower, we need anybody other than the idiot we have and Trump would be the best
@LisaMills62: @realDonaldTrump You're so successful &amp; admirable yet your greatest masterpiece remains your awesome children!  Thanks!
@ElnsKitty: @realDonaldTrump You're brilliant!  I know, but thanks anyway!
Visit the highly acclaimed Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago and its exceptional 'Sixteen' restaurant 
Noisy windfarm driving community crazy!   
@HeelsofsteelAH: @realDonaldTrump Please be our next president!!!!! We will all vote for you!!!!!!
@SapThrows: This coming election is the first one I can vote in and I hope @realDonaldTrump runs so he can get my vote #Trump2016
@nikkio: @GolfDigestMag Donald loves the game, is a perfectionist and master builder - every project is his personal masterpiece.
@jshamie:  @GolfDigestMag couldn't agree more. The course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would. BORING FINISH!!!
A Veteran &amp; true Conservative, @leezeldin will make a real difference in Washington. NY-1 GOP, GOTV for Lee tomorrow!
.@AGSchneiderman should remove his eyeliner, as pointed out by Cuomo, when he does his commercials!
@DavidKobzeff1: @realDonaldTrump can you please be Obamas replacement Interesting way of putting it!
@Sloclone: @realDonaldTrump Without a doubt but the public is too dumb  Actually, I don't think so. They know U.S. needs help &amp; leadership
@MaryHukill:  Just bought at Macy's my 2014 installment of your Shirts for Christmas! Gorgeous colors this year! and Fabric.
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is host to the 2014 Great Irish Links Challenge 
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!
Congratulations to @TrumpCollectionu2019s @TrumpPanama for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from @TripAdvisor!
Be sure to buy this monthu2019s @AmSpec magazine. Read u201cA Trump Card,u201d my interview with Jeffrey Lord.
@Jsandoval_7: @realDonaldTrump I look forward to seeing your name on the next presidential ballot.
Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars, which they won't, or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion!
@johnny4arizona:Trump Ur biid 4 Prez n 2016 would make U.S top economic superpower, encourage r allies, slow or stop r enemies. #Trump2016
Great minds have purposes; others have wishes. --Washington Irving
C-SPAN/Conversation with Donald Trump/Economic Club of Washington, DC  
@BreitbartNews continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrewu2019s legacy lives on.
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!
@mrkenbutler:  Donald, You are without a doubt the only person who can correct the collision course Obama has us on. Please run in 2016!
@StationarySpace: @realDonaldTrump @GolfMagazine TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
u201cDestiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@PIERPAOLOMONNI @realDonaldTrump It is perfect! Congratulations on this fantastic job!  @TrumpToronto @TrumpChicagonThank you.
@JeniferStevens:  Awful look to it.....Not like Trump in Palm Beach and Briarcliff or Scotland that I've played. Your courses are the best
92 stories above North Michigan Avenue, @TrumpChicagou2019s 5-Star @Forbes rated rooms have the best views of Chicago 
@seaburbia: @realDonaldTrump @usgsa much like taking over the gov. Ice rink, something will finally get done there as well.
Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars, or are they paid  by the City (or both)?
@joandkev8: @realDonaldTrump what the date of celebrity apprentice I'm excited to see it  Start shooting in 3 weeks.
@southpaw816 @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I can't wait, have never missed a season.  Great!!
@Sundropaholic: FINALLY @ApprenticeNBC returns! @realDonaldTrump rescues the winter TV schedule. Our house never misses it. Great!
@BestBergerEver: Mr @realDonaldTrump has a vlog where he says things U don't wanna hear. But I learned he speaks the truth #trump4Prez!
@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump Typical, I bet the Dems will surrender the oil over to the Russians &amp; Chinese as payment for our debts, etc.
@sheronsvg: @realDonaldTrump @calconroy Time to bring back The Apprentice Mr. Trump! The new season will be announced by NBC very soon!
@TracyLynnClark1:  @YllSadiku Mister Trump please run for president this country needs you badly and I would vote for you in a heart beat.
@Mediaite: Piers Morgan Inserts Himself into Donald Trump vs. Russell Brand Feud 
@JudgeJeanine: THE @realDonaldTrump arrives for #Justice interview. Catch it tonight on @FoxNews! 
@NicoleNrouse: Looking forward to my work week in #Chicago and my favorite Rooftop restaurant @TrumpChicago best view! @realDonaldTrump
@jimrobbins1973: DonaldTrump. the new World Trade Center is probably target #1 for terrorists. That's the reason for the maximum security
@frankboesch: Sad cause my wife &amp; I checked out of @TrumpDoral today after 4 amazing days. Happy cause we're planning our return visit!
@GolfDigestMag: Like it or not, the new Master of the Golf Universe is Donald Trump. 
Looking forward to addressing @TheEconomicClub on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington, DC.
@yagerblasters: Please run for president.We need your help. Get in there and fire those Aholes.Your a legend business man and love America
@ScutPls  @realDonaldTrump tweets the best quotes. Perfect motivation for an aspiring entrepreneur. Thank you.
Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking?
@sashamajerovsky: @InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump Awesome speech! 
u201cIt's a tough game, and you never want to take that aspect out of the game.u201d u2013 @NYRangers Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier
Never allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning-- and keep it there.
My @Yahoo 'Power Players' interview with @jonkarl Inside Donald Trumpu2019s new digs on Pennsylvania Avenueu201d 
Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty, a weak border &amp; ObamaCare. She is an Obama liberal. Send DC an independent voice. Vote @Perduesenate!
@Legendisland: @realDonaldTrump The Nick Saban of business!!
My speech to @PressClubDC on Tuesday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan 
@vanillasicks  The Blue Monster is a hella kick ass golf course tho! @realDonaldTrump #mentor  Thanks.
@hotter_hodder: I added two new @realDonaldTrump ties to my collection  At Macy's, thanks.
@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Happy birthday to the best businessman in America!  Thank you.
A message for Hollywood- 
@britanniagolf @realDonaldTrump Just played Trump International Scotlandu2026 Everyone was thrilled. Fantastic golf course!  Thanks.
@nhowe: Another beautiful round at @TrumpGolfLA #golf #la thanks @realDonaldTrump 
.@washingtonpost by @OConnellPostbiz:u201cDonald Trump lands @chefjoseandres for Old Post Office flagship restaurantu201d 
@der_karsten: @realDonaldTrump Happy birthday to the best businessman in the world  Thank you.
@Scleroshima: @realDonaldTrump you called it about 4 years ago about the spoils of war its all coming true now.  So true!
@WereAllLemmings: So many people post hateful messages to @realDonaldTrump yet they still follow him...secretly envious maybe? No, losers!
@nick2travel: @realDonaldTrump They should pay us FREE OIL for the next 100 years.
. #LaskerRink.  We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink, that is done by NEW YORK CITY.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.n -- Winston Churchill
Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
@PRINCEOMEGA                 n@ZagatChicago @realDonaldTrump @SixteenChicago BRAVO!!!  Thank you. @TrumpChicago
@TRUEQUE02: @realDonaldTrump love your response on @MikeAndMike this morning regarding the @nfl brand ud83dude4c
Control your own destiny or someone else will.n -- Jack Welch
@benwiley3: @realDonaldTrump @Macys my Donald Trump tie is my prized possession in my closet!  Great!
Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad, or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.!
@TpGraf82 @realDonaldTrump I'm training my employees today wearing a #trumpcollection #tie #shirt feeling good and powerful!   Great!
@kimgt15: @realDonaldTrump RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Save us!
@saltytrey: @KellyMcKayShow @realDonaldTrump @LeezaGibbons @DebbieGibson @ApprenticeNBC High praise indeed.
@Vinnie_Vegas_76:Donald why don't you run for president. If you run the USA like you run your businesses, the USA would be a better place.
To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be smart and always remember,  WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING!
Read about my victory against sleazebag @AGSchneiderman. More people should fight when theyu2019re right! 
@AJFrugoli Thank you for building a beautiful hotel in Vegas that I don't have to cover my children's eyes (or my eyes) when we enter Thx
Soaring 92 stories, @TrumpChicago boasts a @ForbesInspector 5 Star rating for both its hotel &amp; restaurant 
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!
@Mrs_JPG: RT @realDonaldTrump: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of @AmSpec for the fantastic piece on Benghazi.
@Karabeckley:  @KyleKissKiss couldn't agree more! Please our country needs a true strong leader! I'm terrified for this country now!
@susanmangels: #CASEV in sunny #Chicago with LARGE Trump sign outside window. #SheratonChicago 
@socalmike_SD: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Wish you were President right now...One can hope...We need a leader in a leaderless country
@Theshingleguy: my family and I stayed at @TrumpChicago last weekend. It was a blizzard outside but pure heaven inside!  GREAT!
@OVOTim: @realDonaldTrump you should definitely run for president and fix this country
@shellyshells626: I must say that anything Donald says or promotes makes a huge impact on a lot of people's decisions. Smart man!ud83dudcaf
@CarnivoreKing: @realDonaldTrump We can't just stop flights. It might offend the west Africans, and we can't do that!
A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington.
u201cDo not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
Thank you to Matt Boyle  @BreitbartNews for analytical &amp; well written piece on sleazebag blogger @mckaycoppins &amp; irrelevant @BuzzFeed
u201cEach life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.u201d u2013 Rev. @BillyGraham
@MarkFleming22: @realDonaldTrump Is there any particular celebrity you would want to have on The Apprentice? Pete Rose &amp; let him in Hall!
@TyceDaggitt: @realDonaldTrump for PRESIDENT. Time for a CHANGE in the RIGHT direction.
With our weakened dollar, gas will continue to rise. Fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs.
The biggest winner of Obamau2019s u201908 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
@AgusCalo:Every time that somebody ask me about my future I always say: I want to be like Donald Trump. You're such an inspirationThanks
I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things!
Good luck to the people of Scotland, whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watchingu2014really exciting!
Must read f/@ weeklystandard by @JayCostTWS: u201cObamacare Myth-Making - Five phony success stories.u201d 
@mickeybeaupre: @realDonaldTrump I wish you would run For President Mr Trump we need you God Bless you.
Great article on so-called climate change, formerly known as global warming. 
It was a great honor to be on @MikeAndMike on @espn. Wow, the response was amazing!
@NSingh2024 @realDonaldTrump @Turnberry One of the best Business Firm &amp; Family. What a combination. Amazing.  Thank you.
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
@AgentSanderson: @realDonaldTrump I hate myself for following you... But you just have no control over yourself, you need Trump so badly!
Wow. @nfl ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good.
@krismichaelboy: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president, issues in the United States could be resolved. He has my vote! #Trump2016
@GolfLetsGo: @realDonaldTrump Trump National Palos Verdes... #golfgem #golfletsgo #golf 
@Aa94Javy Cant wait for 2016 So tired of this weak Adm policy at home n foreign even worse. America deserves better we can do better True!
@EmoHermione: I really really really hope that @realDonaldTrump runs for president. It would make all my dreams come true. Thanks.
@TroopsDirect: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump he is the Reagan of this generation...if he ran. Wow, thank you!
@Mason_Marcucci: You're definitely going to run just admit it. You would wipe the FLOOR with those clueless academics. #realworldsolutions
@_MarcoGenovese @realDonaldTrump never give up! That's how you make it happen. True!
@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump IS THE MAN WE NEED COME 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION!!!!! #TrumpForPresident!!!!
@jtthebossman: @realDonaldTrump Keep fighting the good fight. You speak the truth. Trump 2016!!!
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people, the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq
@PoloMurillo101: @realDonaldTrump we all love you in Mexico Donald! You are our role model!!  Thanks!
@itsRyanHilton: VOTE @realDonaldTrump for a no BS President and let's make America the greatest country again
Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump The View was terrible today. I feel sad for ABC!  Rosie killed what was once a very good show - no ratings!
@gfmete: @realDonaldTrump @USNewsTravel @TrumpNewYork Trump Tower in Toronto still the best!
@warrencasselljr: @realDonaldTrump is the world's greatest developer. He's the Rockefeller of this generation.  Thank you!
So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now, on top of everything else, we just hit $18 trillion in debt!
@burkejack: Best Course in the World @realDonaldTrump #trumpinternational 
.@David_Cameron As Prime Minister, why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants?
@trixdelavega @realDonaldTrump please announce miss universe 2014 host as soon as possible  Very soon.
Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune
@BC4040  @TrumpChicago Looks Great! @ night, I saw it Saturday during the day and it also looks great in the daylight too!  Great, thanks!
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact, it is not even close!
@swraley: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president and wins it will mean that the job market will be strong when I graduate #trumpera True.
@ErikEstrada:  @MikeMcLeod14 Mr. Trump - I agree with you and your stance on the American Flag waving proudly over the golf course.Gracias
@Burge: DonaldTrump needs to run America like a business. Do the dirty work that we don't need to hear about. Make this country right again
Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!
Zegarelli and Vescio:  Pine Road looks like hell. Must be re-paved nowu2014very bad for town.  @BriarcliffManor
@blissfuldestiny: @realDonaldTrump is always right when it comes to political views!! Pro Trumpud83dudc4d 
Thx, and from a better quotation source: You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -- Wayne Gretzky
@GeneralTso316: @realDonaldTrump I have two of your ties and they are better quality than ties I own that cost $125. At Macy's, great.
@__________IAN: No one respects golf more than me, but there is a time and place for everything- Mr.Trump hitting the nail on the head!
@nikkio: I know I'm a day early for your weekend celebrations-Happy Birthday Donald! Looking forward to your surprises for 2014-2015 Thanks
@HotelChatter: It's five stars for Donald Trump's Scottish hotel: 
Stop the flights! 
@LucyJen33: @realDonaldTrump Very excited for the new season of Apprentice. A very diverse group of individuals.
@JackWitty: I don't want a party as My President, I want a decisive,confident Leader. @realDonaldTrump will fire China. Give US a spark
@Nickkleutsch: @realDonaldTrump @trumpchicago personally I think the letters should be higher up. Make sure everyone can see that name!
Our country and our leaders are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA
In Hudson Valley @TrumpNationalNYu2019s course has pristine fairways, tour caliber greens &amp; 64 strategic sand bunkers 
@SurferBobRaider:  I would vote for you sir. Never again will I vote for a career politician like #Obama. I did, twice. Regret it.
@tearsofthedying: @realDonaldTrump this will be our year to shine.
@awmorrell  At last, the @realDonaldTrump hair debate is finally put to rest - all thanks to the ALS #icebucketchallenge  Thx--I hope so!
@stephencvengros: Joan Rivers funeral: Donald Trump, Howard Stern among star-studded cast of mourners 
It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on @foxandfriends, some DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement!
@shantig_tantig: The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if @realDonaldTrump runs for president #WeNeedYou Thanks.
@realtmfleming Your seminars, books, shows all have impacted my life for better. The number 1 thing I learned from you: THINK BIG! Great!
@Gregory_Gains: @realDonaldTrump The world needs a strong US President, I think Mr. Trump would do great. Thank you.
@spbowl: @realDonaldTrump @lovely_laura21 As a former Fortune 100 Senior Executive, I agree it's about time we have a biz savvy guy.
@AceWill Just bought @realDonaldTrump's: Think Like A Champion. Small book, huge motivation.Thank you! 
@TheTomBurkeShow:@AlexSalmond This what we really want in Aberdeen? Wind turbines are destructive to tourism etc. 
u201cYou have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@cwjaccount @MichaelGreen77 @realDonaldTrump  WHY are we sending money to Mexico?  We all know where it will end up. True--a total waste!
Rickie Fowler @therealrickiefowler Instagram photos | Websta 
@NickThompsonPGA: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for letting me play at @trumpinternational.... The best golf course ever! WE ARE PROUD OF YOU!
@zraph @realDonaldTrump @PMA1048 Can't wait to go back. Best Hotel in Chicago! Thanks.
@ALLEN1328: @realDonaldTrump Next president of the U.S.
A third rate architecture critic--who I thought got firedu2014for the failing @chicagotribune likes the building but doesnu2019t like the Trump sign
@jenniii0rozco: @realDonaldTrump you should be our new president ..
@AriansFetus: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump WOW, what did I wake up to? Awesome take.  #NFL
@Ehab_Eassa:  Most don't know the Chinese float the yuan at an arbitrary ratio to the US dollar.They will screw us as long as we allow!
@BenTrawlins @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Riding that tiger as we speak!  Great!
.@JTimberlake It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!
@JoyceGoodman64: @realDonaldTrump run Mr. Trump...please we need you!
@VernaCarre: @realDonaldTrump right move, right time for you. Typical of your intelligence and business sense. Great timing.
Less than 1% of Obamau2019s $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now!
@KenJohnson21: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I can't wait Donald, my Monday is complete!
Congratulations to @TrumpIntRealty for the two top rentals in 2013!  
@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump Run for president, DT! Save us! I know you can!
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!
@LisaV27 @realDonaldTrump I want you Mr. Trump as the president Well, we'd better get someone fast--the U.S. is going down--fast.
@000HermanSJr000  The views surrounding all your prestigious establishments are always breathtaking. You are a businessman &amp; artist  Thx
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE., and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance, the BEST!
I had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- OPO groundbreaking ceremony. Watch- 
u201cOffshore wind is a dead duck in Scotland and itu2019s time Alex Salmond manned up, stopped blaming Westminster (cont) 
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys?
@louise_kruger1: @peter_bollini @samcgirl I can't wait for celeb apprentice, my favoutite show of all time - love The Donald!!
@David_Bossie: @realdonaldTrump-backed Candidate Wins NY GOP Primary 
Thank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third rate @BuzzFeed site &amp; slimebag reporter McKay Coppins.@PiersMorgan @AmSpec
@Sayyid_Khamenei: @realDonaldTrump @ericleebow Donald Trump is highly suited to be president of U.S. Nice.
@ReddickTr @realDonaldTrump @autismspeaks  im a autism mom my son loves you bunches Great--say hi to him!
@imFRANGtastic: @realDonaldTrump would take this country in the right direction. #USA #TrumpForPresident
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
@diverojalv: @TaynishaGray Trump boldy calls out problems,then offers solutions &amp; opinions that excite the electorate, just like Reagan!
@HighEnd_Gear: #Amazon USA : Time to Get Tough: Making America #1 Again by Donald Trump 
@Lakers305                           n@realDonaldTrump  I'm hearing #TrumpNationalDoral course looks spectacular! Miami is waitin for you!
@ChroniclePM: @realDonaldTrump for president- and some ignorant fools don't understand I am campaigning for him_ dead heads-- @iStartTrend.
I am being proven right about massive vaccinationsu2014the doctors lied. Save our children &amp; their future.
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
@GZervs: Love listening to @realDonaldTrump on @foxandfriends it's the perfect start to my morning &amp; week!
@ConstanceMcN: @realDonaldTrump: Donald, I am in love and admire you! Run for president in 2016 and all will be well!
u201cLive Free or Die.u201d u2013 motto of New Hampshire
@TweetMyJobs: In the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. - Donald Trump
@beepee2004  Hi Donald, I thought you may like to see a photo of Turnberry Lighthouse I took last year 
The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE, GREAT REVIEWS!
@wwwabcSignsBIZ:America needs a proven leader &amp; successful businessman to get us back #HeresyourSign #Trump2016 #USA 
@billkellyemail:  @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope the youth of Chicago have left!
@optimu @TigerWoods partners with @realDonaldTrump on Dubai course set to open in 2017 @ESPN 
@amybdt: @realDonaldTrump So many other things to worry about in this world and a sign is one??? Give me a break! LOVE IT!!
Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Young entrepreneurs u2013 be resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed, promote yourself!
Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable
@dsmerza: Hello Donald I have looked up to your success in business relations, since I was a teenager. I am a small business owner.
@BigPapaPruett: @realDonaldTrump The Smartest Businessman, and the best President we could ever elect into office thus far!!!!! #Trump4Prez
@rawrlance: Word on the street is @BrandiGlanville and @KenyaMoore are both on #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump is that true? ud83dude1d YES!
@ryan__schiller: @realDonaldTrump reading Never Give Up by Donald Trump, he is my idol. Please see this Mr. Trump!!  Great.
Be sure to watch @IvankaTrumpu2019s @FoxBusiness @FBNATB interview from the @NYU #HospitalityConference 
If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM.
Via @NewsInTheBurg: u201c@chefjoseandres to open restaurant in Trump Intu2019l Washington, D.C.u201d 
@DeannaSpillyard: @realDonaldTrump Obama makes George W. Bush look like the brightest crayon in the box.
@LizBaregu: @realDonaldTrump You would make a great GOP President Mr Trump!ud83dudcafud83dudcafud83dudcafud83dudcaf
@TwitchyTeam: 'Many' say Donald Trump 'world's greatest writer of 140-character sentences' 
@AboutTheRock: We need @realDonaldTrump to run for President in 2016!
@financeturd: @realDonaldTrump you have many more followers on Twitter than Mark Cuban  I also have far greater wealth and athleticism!
@ChristineStergi   what's wrong with everyone. Mr Trump will kick ass as president. Economy will flourish.  Thanks and true!
u201cIf you like your plan you keep it.u201d = u201cGruber is just some adviser.u201d Two of Obamau2019s greatest lies told to the American public.
@18_4_LIFE: Not only a GREAT show, but what's forgotten is the worthy causes/charities being supported! Great work being done.  THANKS!
The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama, stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place).
President Obama is losing on so many fronts, in fact all fronts, that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He can't lead!
@REALmikeedwards: @realDonaldTrump big fan, run for prez PLEASE
@TONYWELCH007: @realDonaldTrump Trump National@Doral will be a very special PGA event 2014
@lamodaya: In life you donu00b4t get what you want, you get what you negotiate: Donald Trump
@DougHutchins77: @realDonaldTrump The world just won't be safe until the name Trump is emblazoned on the White House.
The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a masterpiece by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!
@kyleraccio @realDonaldTrump thank you for fighting for our marine!  You're welcome.
Apple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen, as alternative, fast (as I said long ago)! Samsung's size much better.
@PhilRamlet: @TrumpDoral  I was!!! Our caddy Mateo understands customer service... Please recognize him Mr Trump  Great job Mateo, thanks!
What is he reading? #Oscars
I was never a fan of Bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse
@happygirl71929: @realDonaldTrump If you don't run in 2016..... I'm moving to Canada..... Please help us Mr. Trump  Don't move so fast!
Obamau2019s attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
@Radosevich: Love the sign! #Chicago! Do not cross #THEDONALD @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP
@BackOnTrackUSA These are the same terrorists Obama has been arming in Syria &amp; have attacked us on 911.Obama's foreign policy is a disaster
@billkellyemail: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope for the youth of Chicago!
@SaggaSwagga: @realDonaldTrump I believe in America and I believe in you Mr.Trump! You will bring REAL (GOOD) change to America! #Trump2016
I'm not against vaccinations for your children, I'm against them in 1 massive dose.Spread them out over a period of time &amp; autism will drop!
@northcutt2013: @realDonaldTrump @mrkenbutler no, he can't and will not run. Great man yes, not worth the mud slinging Don't be so sure!
@PianoBecca: When all is said &amp; done we need a smart man, a couragious man, a sensible man, &amp; a BUSINESSMAN. That man is @realDonaldTrump!
@scottmedlin79: @realDonaldTrump run for president. We need someone who isn't scared to make the right calls.
Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality.
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel
@CMILLE__: @realDonaldTrump is a real individual , very brilliant man!  Thank you.
@DRJAMESCABOT: @lovusa4: 6 psychiatrists all from HARVARD... TRUMP on verge of genius... Perry average or below IQ..CAN'T absorb data fast
@Eriksson: Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?u201d ud83dude11ud83dude11ud83dude11
@bseybolt11 If @realDonaldTrump buys the @buffalobills and keeps them in Buffalo he'll become a legend.  @nflcommish
@Steveleno80 The Art of the Deal was the 1st book I read of yours and it was n still is a great read. All of ur books r great reads Thanks
@kornegay_danna: @EmpireofSocial I love Donald Trump. People are just jealous. I admire his family. Good man that would be a great Potus
@TheRealZach49: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed
@moviesharkd: Must See Interview! Jim Gardner One on One - Donald Trump - Full Inteu2026: 
Via @SteveKingIAu2019s Steve King for Congress Facebook Page: u201cDonald Trump has a special announcement!u201dn  
@TristacksEff: @realDonaldTrump would bring us back from this mess @BarackObama put us in. #RunForPresident #2016  True!
@Etownsend739: Mr. Trump, today is my birthday. My wish is for you to run for president and get this country headed in the right direction
Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that I'm for Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress for speaker. I'm supporting him for Senate Majority Leader
u201cAge is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.u201d - @MuhammadAli
I wonder how officials @TexasTech feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to @TCUFootball 82-27?
@kawaiibitchx: @PolitiGal2012: American RT @kawaiibitchx: I want America to be the nation it once was #TrumpForPresident AMERICA
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
Itu2019s important to listen to what people say. u201cHorribleu201d and u201cdisgustingu201d are the words I used in response to Sterlingu2019s comments.
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill
@Jefferysiegrist                                  @realDonaldTrump just passed the great man's tower! 
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets. -- Midas Touch
@billyhaze: Great interview Tuesday past with Jim Gardner, must be a breath of fresh air speaking with such a well respected journalist
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be tenacious. Once you've decided on your goals, remain fixed on them. Set the bar high!
u201cDiligence is the mother of good luck.u201d  - Benjamin Franklin
I support K-9u2019s for Warriors, a wonderful organization that trains service dogs for veterans. Please contact 
@ic @MattGinellaGC stick to media like everyone else in it with worthless opinions. DonaldTrump is 10,000 times more successful than you.
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?
@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump China wouldn't be laughing at President Trump. So true!
I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!
Donu2019t believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote @ThomTillis!
.@FLGovScott can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in Miami--it's time. @willweatherford
@GolfCarAnnie: @BruceBeck4NY  @MGA1897 Trump Bedminster is truly special. But then again all of Trump's courses are ! Thank you Ann Marie!
The same brilliant negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitor  are now making trade deals with China &amp; others.No chance
Have your own vision &amp; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
@BBCoachKK: @realDonaldTrump @TheTyler_S Who needs sleep when your the one and only #DonaldTrump ?
Obama wonu2019t send troops to fight jihadists, yet sends them to Liberia to contract Ebola. He is a delusional failure.
@NateZito: @realDonaldTrump you should be the next president Don Thanks.
.@KirschnerDavid                         n@realDonaldTrump Congrats Mr. Trump on making @Forbes list of wealthiest in the world. Thanks!
@SellingVA: @realDonaldTrump: Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
@BlutoGrandex Know how u can tell Trump is successful? Almost half the accounts he follows are businesses w/ his name in them Interesting!
@LifeVibeVision: @realDonaldTrump @paranormalfact How about you look inside - because truthfully, you're the solution.
The ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad!
@topcat33831795: @foxandfriends Obama's first meeting after midterm loss was #AlSharpton Continued divisive agenda takes eyes off failures.
@bhughes657: I wonder if NBC will have #RachelMaddow interview Donald Trump before the Olympics?  Would get GREAT ratings!
Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY, conveniently after 2014, expect higher premiums, bigger deductibles, &amp; worse care. Job killer!
@Theramenes:  Get @realDonaldTrump into WH He can lead and fix anything He is also strong and unafraid to do what is good for people.
@995mu: No once respect is lost, it's gone forever, always suspicion in any relationship @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends
@kostoff2: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral - Players have been raving about how nice the course is &amp; how much they are looking fwd to it.
@zakspace11: @realDonaldTrump mr trump- played your bedminister course today.. Best country club in US #baller Many agree, thanks!
@mjohnstonxoxo   My favorite part of school is watching the first season of The Apprentice in Business Tech.  Great!
China is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020, over $23B in expansion. That would take over 100 years in our country.
@Birkin_girl @realDonaldTrump @pellscuse11 Not to mention Melanie would be a beautiful First Lady. I agree!
Intrinsic means basic, inborn, elemental. If you have an intrinsic value, it cannot be taken away. - Think Like a Champion
@Emily_Ellyn                      nLove playing the Links in Scotland! GORGEOUS @FinestGolfHoles! @realDonaldTrump  Thank you.
@Fraz_Scotcher: @TrumpScotland @realDonaldTrump amazing day at Trump Links, course keeps getting better &amp; better! 
@KPPhotography38:  Donald definitely has the retweeting and replying to tweets down! I loved your sign in Chicago. #trumpforpresident
@sinnon7: See inside @realDonaldTrump's five star Scottish hotel 
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison, no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again
Via @CBSLA: Donald Trump Fights To Keep Large American Flag Flying At Southland Golf Course 
@ARbruins: @penows @CanizalVania Obama is a horrible leader, can't get anyone to agree on anything. I believe trump is for real Thank you.
@TimmyVafides: Just received my order of @realDonaldTrump brand ties in the mail today. Sharpest looking ties on the market. Thanks!
@GodFocker: @realDonaldTrump please run for president, you're the best we've got and i will vote for you in 2016.
The Blue Monster is celebrated in June issue of Robb Report as the Best of the Best winner in Golf Course Category. 
@mvmoreno1961: u201c@pmdino007: @realDonaldTrump @stewart5337 You are an amazing inspiration. Ignore the haters. I do (as much as possible!).
@katiemacla: @realDonaldTrump @jijassim One of the best hotel stays I've ever had in the world. Superb, all around! #bravo #chicagosbest
@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends WHEW!!! The week is never the same if you don't do Mondays Donald!
@Domeski1981: @GraemeReid1984 @TrumpGolfLinks @realDonaldTrump what a place mate. Loved it.
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd, she called him Bruce Bailey seven times.
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!
@GhostOfXerxes: @realDonaldTrump We need you to bring common sense to Washington DC...in 2016, the White House gets Trumped!
Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.u201d  -- Anonymous
@_marygirl17: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump please run for POTUS in 2016!
@DubD42: @realDonaldTrump for president! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
@BryanPax  @realDonaldTrump One of my favorite places in the world. Great resort, great history, now a great owner. Congrats!  Thanks.
Congratulations to @SenScottBrown on running an aggressive &amp; fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire!
@SovereignChadG  When will the PGA tour be coming to Trump National? March 5th.
@benSEXT0N: @Cfeetsrevenge @LukeDonald @realDonaldTrump course didn't look good in HD just saying  No, it looked terrible, bad for golf!
@jazminvgarcia: I am seriously afraid for our country. People don't realize the U.S is headed for economic destruction. @realDonaldTrump
@NeecieMarie: @realDonaldTrump I concur~ Your children are indeed exemplary~ grace, &amp; poise~ well done, &amp; #HappyFathersDay Sir. Thanks.
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart.
@mopo55: My son's high school graduation present. Guess where he wanted to go! Trump National of course! 
@brandotut: @realDonaldTrump calls a spade a spade, would be a breathe of fresh air in Washington.
For Entrepreneurs: A good question to ask yourself u2013u201cWhat can I provide that does not yet exist?u201d
@JebBushIsAIdiot: The Only Candidates I Would Vote For President In 16 Are @SenRandPaul Or @realDonaldTrump
u201cDonald Trump unveils vision for @TrumpTurnberryu201d 
With our border not being secure, Obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him.
@IamSloany: @realDonaldTrump you are my hero  So nice, thanks.
@dcolon2112: @realDonaldTrump Watching the #USOpen It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course! Looks awful!
@catpenis: @realDonaldTrump I respect your integrity sir. Rock on.
@HorneUltimatum @realDonaldTrump: is this #nyma ?! 
Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING.
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter
@tlrchrstphrbrsn: @realDonaldTrump please run for president
Congratulations to @CharlieCrist who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent &amp; Democrat.
@SpeakingTruth11: @realDonaldTrump @samcgirl me too! I'm such a big fan of @BrandiGlanville !!
@Ddouble_J  @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump what book of yours do you think I should read first? My first book, The Art of the Deal.
@MaximizeNetwork: @realDonaldTrump #Inspiration Thank you!
@MrJamesDavidson @TrumpScotland Very proud to say I live a few miles from this and supported this project from day one.  Thanks James!
@DebysinghCindy   I have to express the great speech you gave us in March at the Trump Doral Golf Tournament. Momentum!  Thanks.
@aliayacovlef @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump You are such a great team I work with my daughter and I can understand the dynamic. Thank you.
@JakeMHS: The guy next to me on the train apparently supports Donald Trump for president  And so do many others - our country is a mess!
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
@darryljordan: Run Donald Run! We need strong, decisive leader who'll make timely decisions, move policy forward &amp; return US 2 prosperity.
@k940creed: @realDonaldTrump saw the #trump building in Vegas today. BEAUTIFUL! Chicago is still my favorite!
Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner, hosted by Dan Isaacs &amp; NY Republican County Committee. Wonderful  people!
@Pekastar: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 and that's all i'm going to say! Thanks!
@josegonzalez_69                     @realDonaldTrump If you buy the team it would win the superbowl! @nflcommish
@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump are you running for President? You have my vote
My conversation from ON THE RECORD   @Gretawire 
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S., but it isn't - SAD!
The roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp; strong. In U.S.,  everything is falling apart!
Re Negotiation: Patience is an enormous virtue &amp; needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level.
@artv1028: @BlairKamin  @chicagotribune you don't like it because Trump is a conservative. How many jobs has Trump created in Chicago
@MattTemplin: @realDonaldTrump I'm waiting for the day I can put a check mark next to your name for president.
@joeyjoe78:  Great point! Freedom is not free and the American people are tired of paying for it! It's time for other nations to pay up!
@robertpatrickmc: @realDonaldTrump @TheRedDotGuy Trumps 10000% better then @MittRomney even if he's not from Utah
@Golfeventplan: Great article in Met Golfer this month on the development of Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point #trump 
Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
@vv3762 @realDonaldTrump  @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump It is fine that despite your achievements, you have not lost sense of humour!nThanks.
My @greta int. discussing $25,000 gift to USMC Tahmooressi, Obamau2019s trip to China &amp; the 2014 election results 
@ElishevaNY: @samir @realDonaldTrump also can you be our president. Because you would be amazingggg.
@FuctChecker: We need less #isis and #ebola and #obama and more @realDonaldTrump True!
@LizMPizz: Off to stay at the trump chicago.. End of the holidays dinner with the fam. @realDonaldTrump @ChicagoCut
@NCconserv: @realDonaldTrump great at explaining the ignorance of Obama anti-America administration on @FoxNews! #tcot #RedNationRising
@rtesta: Please run for President and announce it in NH! We need someone that can turn this country around from the ground up! True!
@G0D_: @realDonaldTrump WHEN WILL WE HAVE ANOTHER PRESIDENT LIKE REAGAN? #TRUMP2016
@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump Absolutely right!! #mikeandmike
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
@nick2travel: If Trump was President, there would be Jobs all over, and Professionals like me would not have to move to another country.
The @AmSpec interview by Jeffrey Lord: A TRUMP CARD - The Donald talks politics and parenting. 
@newhopenchange @realDonaldTrump @TrumpToronto @TrumpChicago - nicely done, it's a magnificent sign. Thank you!
Get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. Where there's a will, there's a win. Think positively!
@Houst_: This book im reading by @realDonaldTrump is truly inspiring.  Thank you.
@not_that_actor:  I've been cheering u on for many moons. But I'm afraid YOU don't have the passion to ACTUALLY run in '16  We'll see.
@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Success rule-Surround yourself w/successful people. Do it with twitter. Follow Trump=Success.
@worrywarto: @FoxNews @CNN @YahooNews @abcnews Now that he's a Lame Duck &amp; doesn't need your vote any longer the real OBAMA is out! True.
@giantsandles: only @realDonaldTrump can get the economy back on track, clean up the government I agree, stay tuned!
@steveaustin36: @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump @MMayer87 @ApprenticeNBC best reality show on tv
@sammyt_77: @realDonaldTrump you're a true champion Mr. Trump!  Thank you.
@TheHawk4221: @realDonaldTrump where is Al Gore now! Coolest Summer On Record In The US | Real Science 
Congressu2019 greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
@kaitlin_bunch: @realDonaldTrump do you like the Make a Wish Foundation?  YES!
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with  almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!
Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.
@myFMCase DonaldTrump I snapped that when I was in #Toronto today Donald, your place is looking great! #TheTrumpWay 
@BizServicesInc: If Donald Trump runs in 2016, I will donate my time to campaign for him. Trump For President!!! We need great leadership!
@dmolesevich: @realDonaldTrump you are the only person that can beat Hillary  Many are saying that, interesting!
@Gil_Delgado: @realDonaldTrump - We just spent 3 nights &amp; golfed at your Aberdeen Scotland resort and loved everything! Great!
@MartinDaryn: @realDonaldTrump what I wouldn't give to see you as president. Let's save this sinking ship!
@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump @racrboi90 Problem is so many of our leaders aren't really leaders.Help us Mr. Trump before it's too late
@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump run in 2016 for the sake of future generations. Obama and his friends are tearing America apart.
u201cWe would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.u201d - n  Vince Lombardi
u201cNo matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part.u201d - @TigerWoods
Obamau2019s rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
@realKeithPatton: Congratulations @realDonaldTrump on your legal victory.  Thanks!
@EpicBeardDude: @realDonaldTrump Yes,  please please run for President. And please please make @SarahPalinUSA your running mate. PLEASE
u201cThe best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.u201d u2013 General Douglas MacArthur
@VikesRealist: @realDonaldTrump Is Obama the worst President ever? Top of the list!
@HomerJSimpson: I took the Ice Bucket Challenge and I nominate @realDonaldTrump to follow me! Just watch my Twitter tomorrow!
@jamesbregenzer @TrumpChicago was completed during recession, when most other projects failed. Trump deserves Chicago's praise @BlairKamin
Remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty &amp; ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote @ThomTillis in November!
@terriduncan73: @realDonaldTrump I would definately vote for you u2661u2661
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, available @Macys, offers this fallu2019s top styles in ties, shirts &amp; suitsn  
@ItsDeMarioW: Donald Trump is my favorite Mac Miller song  And mine tooooo!
@Tthac24: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump Thank you!
@brian_zajac  @realDonaldTrump I'm looking forward to staying @TrumpChicago tonight!  I have heard wonderful things.  Great--enjoy!
Excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties, @seniorpgachamp at Trump DC &amp; @pgachampionship at Trump Bedminster
@Jonesbox: @realDonaldTrump nothing like the delusions of a moron. Just what America needs. Very nice, thank you!
u201c@TrumpFerryPoint  A Brand New Championship Golf Course In NYC Developed By Donald Trump- And Anyone Can Play Itu201d 
@PrincessDaytura @realDonaldTrump for president - it's reality, he is reality and he is the ONLY one capable of making the necessary changes
@lexiTB1993: We seriously need @realDonaldTrump for president. # TrumpForPresident
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
When ISIS caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
u201cSet the example, and youu2019ll be a magnet for the right people. Thatu2019s the best way to work with people you like.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend &amp; strong Conservative leader @SteveKingIA!
@damonsdavis: If Ronald Reagan and JFK were alive, they'd both be voting @realDonaldTrump for President!
@CoreyKotowski: @realDonaldTrump they are laughing on their way to the bank.
@donallentown: @realDonaldTrump @KyleKissKiss not only do you have a great name.. you'd win and do a great job. Hug @IvankaTrump for me :)
@johneharmon: @realDonaldTrump great segment on fox and friends. #takebacksenate
On stunning Aberdeenshire coastline, @TrumpScotland features a classic Scottish link threaded through the dunes 
@HorneUltimatum: @speednviolence @realDonaldTrump actually not a rich boy school, NYMA gives a lot of opportunity to inner city youth!
@token_one  I just finished reading your book Think Like A Champion. Great stuff. Positive thoughts, positive actions. Thank you.
@MasterBaxter8: @EricTrump you and your family amaze me, can't think of a nobler family in history. @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Thank you
@illusiverealm: Just bought a @realDonaldTrump tie from @Macys it's beautiful, great style Great, they are top quality at reasonable price
@dirtmeister You don't have to be President to make a difference,You saved New York from mediocrity. Thank you, people do forget!
@GolfRecruiter: @TigerWoods to design 18 hole course at #AKOYA #Oxygen @realDonaldTrump #Dubai can't wait to visit... A fantastic place!
The only @Forbes Five-Star &amp; @fivediamond hotel in NYC, @TrumpNewYork is the definition of luxury  
Exceptional dining matched with exceptional views, @Trumpchicago offers a unique array of 5 star dining options 
Via @BreitbartNews by @j_strong: u201cObama Administration Quietly Prepares u2018Surge of Millionsu2019 of New Immigrant Idsu201d 
@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump @brasicingbras @Macys I'll admit Trump ties are most beautiful.
Remember, anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad!
@DarleneMichele: @realDonaldTrump @G0D_ u would definitely be our best looking president ever :)  Thank you, very nice!
@ImAliveaRuis  I plan on becoming just as successful and big as @realDonaldTrump in business.  Great--work hard!
@wwulffy: @AllenWest @SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump proud to have you 3 on our side ! Thank you.
@stevesipress: RT @realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, nobody  else will!
@dallascowboys   Jerry, GREAT pick - you will have a really good season!
BREAKING NEWS:  Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida, California &amp; our gold supply. We get borscht &amp; a bottle of vodka.
@rhino848484 @realDonaldTrump in Chicago on a business trip.  I love seeing the Trump name!! Thanks!
@KenBlalock: I'm with @realDonaldTrump. #Pinehurst looks like Muni. &amp; until we run out of H2O? Would pay $400 2 play that? No.
Trump lays out big plans for Doonbeg  resort: Billionaire says investment shows Irelandu2019s economy recovering 
@KentStGolf: Thank you @realDonaldTrump Trump Charlotte is a beautiful place @KentStGolf #GoFlashes 
Success tip:  Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
@Jamie_Lynch1  Playing @realDonaldTrump aberdeen course tommorow heard its amazing soon find out  Enjoy!
@blupony3: @realDonaldTrump we've got some political s'stuff'that has to go,but you,why dont you run for president?
@JessicahRabbit: @troylaneroberts: Taking my daughter on a date. Only the best tonight! #trumpties 
@TomNocera: Somebody said the first casualty of war is truth. Somebody tell Kerry to take DT with him to negotiate the Russian surrender.
Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed.
@ElephantPeacock: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Nice lil' cliff hanger you've created... much suspense. Very edge of seat. Wow.
@DianaShane4Ever: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is self-made, which gives him lots above other candidates, plus obviously a great president
I attended @Aerosmith concert last night in Newark, NJ. Doesnu2019t get any better than that. @IamStevenT was fantastic, great energy!
@datriggakeithh: Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?
@ChefMedz: 2016 gotta happen @realDonaldTrump
Ebola's spread is 'unprecedented' says CDC chief  
Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a @FoxNews poll, @BillCassidy will beat her in November.
Via @CNNMoney by @AaronSmithCNN: The Donald wins. Trump name coming off casino  
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.
@Henrylewski: @realDonaldTrump I hope in the next couple of years I can call you. Mr. President.
@The_RHLP: @realDonaldTrump pumped millions into our Chicago economy. My brother worked on that building for 3yrs. Rahm should thank him!
Congratulations to @David_Bossie &amp; his team @Citizens_United on their important court win for the First Amendment! 
Doctors have already died treating Ebola 
Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities.
@wen @realDonaldTrump Why aren't you one of the sharks on #SharkTank? You would be awesome on there!!ud83dudc4d But The Apprentice is much better!
.@garyplayer  you were great on @MikeAndMike this morningu2014&amp; the Gary Player Villa at @TrumpDoral is a hot ticket.
Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams. @PrimeMinisterSX
Be sure to enjoy the u201850th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festivalu2019 at @TrumpChicago, the Windy Cityu2019s top hotel!
@Pawsar @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump when are you going to run for president of the United States? We need someone with a backbone and brains
@1HotNinja: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president, it would be my dream come true. No better person to run U.S.A.
Obama is giving Social Security &amp; ObamaCare to illegals, yet wants to cut military benefits 
u201cThe greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.u201d - @Oprah
@MelissaIl: @realDonaldTrump Hope you had a great weekend with your gorgeous wife. Very nice, thanks!
@Terrell87:  Mr. Trump if you ran the country what's the #1 thing you'd put in place to improve matters in the United States?  JOBS!
@KidWithDream: @realDonaldTrump I don't usually shop at @Macy's, but The Donald Trump Collection is amazing! Thank you!
NY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster.
@abbeylynnmangus: I'm seeing many tweets about @realDonaldTrump for President. Lets roll with that!
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. n -- Winston Churchill
Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH!
@Lady_Rin_Kelly: @realDonaldTrump, I love the sign! Please let's make a hashtag, that seems like it solves all world problems.
.@newsbusters  Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
@FlightAJ: Hey @realDonaldTrump what is your view on George Bush? He got us into Iraq instead of making America great again. Not good!
Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.
u201cDonald Trump on Jeb Bush: u2018The last thing we need is another Bushu2019u201d 
Briarcliff Manor Mayor Vescio is doing a terrible job. Taxes way too high, roads in terrible conditionu2014repave Pine Road. @BriarcliffManor
@foxandfriends:Should #CIA torture tactics documents be released? @realDonaldTrump weighs in: 
@dhammie0897: Looking forward to a great weekend @TrumpLasVegas @realDonaldTrump ...hearing outstanding things about this @trumpcollection
Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of @BuzzFeed is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do?
Someone just wrote that u201cyou predicted every single major event thatu2019s now happeningu2014and they knock you instead of giving you credit.u201d
@KhachfeHadi: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpForPresident
@bushpiggy: @realDonaldTrump jealous you got a magnificant course like Doonbeg on the most beautiful island in the world. FACT.
@richardson1232: @realDonaldTrump is my role model. One of the best Americans out there. Thank you Mike.
Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins, an editorial writer at The New York Times, is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent!
@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump @jebburtonracing @jerrysan52 Can there be any doubt that MR.TRUMP is THE REAL DEAL!  Thank you!
@JackieKarlsen: Donald Trump Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi 
@GolfDigestMag: Forget Jack and Arnie, Tiger and Phil. The Master of the Golf Universe is now Donald Trump. 
How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights
@tobylight11: Hi can u RT my daughter #JODIEDIXON she died 03/05/2014 age16 with cystic fibrosis thanx Jodie's dad 
They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive, must put on a better front!
@AndyDubaingltd                       n@realDonaldTrump Mr Trump,you were created for our generatu0131on  Wow!
@Theramenes: @foxandfriends  Good job @realDonaldTrump for not being afraid to speak truth, that is what people need to hear is truth.
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals, placed the deciding vote for  ObamaCare &amp; opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: u201cObamau2019s Amnesty Will Give Illegal Aliens Public Benefitsu201dn  
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
@Forbes: Donald Trump's 1987 The Art of the Deal spent 45 wks on the New York Times' bestseller list: 
@dpinsen: @realDonaldTrump America needs to be renovated like the Wollman Rink - and you're the man to do it.
@HereisDami: RT @realDonaldTrump: The price of greatness is responsibility. -- Winston Churchill
@orlando_tina: @realDonaldTrump I wish you were president sir!
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character, motivation and bring opportunity.
CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late.
ICYMI The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- 
@cfogarty1964: #TP tele-prompter president: when will we stop electing presidents whose singular most important quality is reading a TP
Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for being named one of the u201cBest of +VIP Accessu201d hotels for 2014 by @Expedia!
@DbigRock34: @realDonaldTrump run for president, you got my vote
I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for @senatormcdaniel. He is strong, he is smart &amp; he wants things to change in Washington.
Happy Birthday @IvankaTrump! You are an amazing daughter!
@WaApples: @realDonaldTrump Valentine's Day and wife's 40th @TrumpChicago this weekend!! Great.
@NewMexicoRoni @realDonaldTrump sadly, they of course will blame you for the failure. Idiots.  And I haven't been there in years.
14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = COME ON IN
@hancockfinance. MR TRUMP IS THE BEST Worldleader#empirebuilding #downtoearthbillionaire Hope to one day see even a fraction of your succes
Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals.
Seal the deal! Hold your business meeting at the luxurious  @TrumpNewYork Executive Board Room 
@Everclear_King: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016
@zakspace11: @MattGinellaGC @realDonaldTrump was just at turnberry.. The place is awesome
@illStayGolden: @realDonaldTrump is the man.  Thanks.
.@jimmykimmel is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($u2019s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
@NadiaAlGhamri: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump , I think you are a great businessman. We would all love to read some business tips from you.
.@AlexSalmond sought my support after he released terrorist Al Megrahi, who blew up Pan Am #103, killing all aboard. I said u201cno way!u201d
ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research &amp; development. Defund, Repeal &amp; Replace!
@JenniferALarson: I think your building makes for an excellent photo backdrop #touristinmyownbackyard #chicago 
@TroyMeaz: @realDonaldTrump You need to become president before world war 3 starts!  Do not kid yourself, World War III could happen.
@DragonForce_One: @realDonaldTrump Chicago had the coldest four months since 1872 (Dec 1st to Mar 31st). Avg temp was 22F
@alangnahz: @realDonaldTrump @mooovin_on I have been waiting for the day to vote you for president, ever since I read The Art of The Deal
See yourself as having a lot already, and keep your integrity intact. Itu2019s the best path to comprehensive success. -  Think Like a Champion
@crazymamaa: Oh wow. Celebrity Apprentise starts next Sunday at 8.. @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump #excited I watch every year!!
@JayBThomas: @realDonaldTrump @WilliamCarneyII Meyers is hard to watch  @sethmeyers
@atyra63 @realDonaldTrump played Trump Scotland as well as Turnberry...great experience!  Great, thanks!
@phipppo: Donald Trump is hands down the best Mac Miller song  So true!
DAMAC &amp; #Trump Organization are developing a 2nd Trump #golf course, Trump World Golf Club #Dubai, at AKOYA Oxygen! 
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
@2letters1number:I've been watching YouTube videos on @WarrenBuffett, @BillGates &amp; @realDonaldTrump all day. Feeling really inspired.Great
Had a great time yesterday on @theviewtv with @WhoopiGoldberg, @JennyMcCarthy,  @SherriEShepherd &amp; guest host @MrJerryOC!
If you canu2019t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp; Stay Positive.
@PMuisiner: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Looking forward to his thoughts
Into our first week of filming @ApprenticeNBC, the Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks!
@MonergyTheBook @TrumpPanama In spite of the hype it is a great hotel; I was there when it opened a few years ago. Thanks.
@DenZen: Successful people work their asses off to make it, only to be punished by heavy taxes which are then squandered recklessly.
.@BretBaieru2019s newly released book u2018Special Heartu2019 brings a message of hope. All sales donated to heart charities 
The West Coast's most luxurious public course @TrumpGolfLA features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views 
@adamwebb_uk '@PrimeMinisterSX  incompetence should not be rewarded.'  You gotta love DT he does call a spade a spade #honesty
As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq, many people wanted me to say that u201cI told you so!u201d u2013 so, I told you so.
Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done.
@OlyaGradova: @realDonaldTrump please tell me you are at least considering running for President.. Please please please.  I am!
@DrugFreeBlayde: @realDonaldTrump is one of the smartest men in america... put him in the office. So true, thanks!
@davidc: I refuse to vote for anybody but Trump in the next presidential election. He is the only man that can lead this corrupted country
@tweetbarryb: Looking good in Vegas today @realDonaldTrump 
@ChrisFoley_: Wearing my Trump shirt to school tomorrow @realDonaldTrump GREAT!
@itsRyanHilton:  I honestly can't wait forTrump to announce he is running for President - a strong no BS leader who will put America 1st
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal
@gillule4: @realDonaldTrump incredible experience at the world famous Mar A Lago Clubud83dude04happy New Year
It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport, convention center, etc.
Congratulations to @DLoesch on the release of her great new book #HandsOffMyGun! Check out @TheBlazeBooks excerpt 
@davidvnyc   Trump Tower is a gorgeous building inside and out and hell of a compliment to the NEW YORK skyline. #IloveNY  Thank you.
@kerriCJ: @GOPthinker: @realDonaldTrump I still believe you would have beaten Obama LMAO  I do also!
u201cEffective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.u201d - Stephen Covey
Via @DMRegister by @SharynJackson: u201cTrump: @SteveKingIA has 'the right views' 
@Youxia88: @realDonaldTrump @123Jayne Maybe he will trump the competition.
@Biggdaddy1989: @realDonaldTrump @GolfMagazine Very NICE!!
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.n-- Gary Player
Today in history WrestleMania 23: I shave @VinceMcMahon's hair--highest rated show in WWE history  @WrestleFact  
Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: u201cDonald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetenceu201d 
@NStaicer: @realDonaldTrump visited @trumpwinery over the weekend. Very impressive and we will be going back soon!
@SurferBobRaider:  @realDonaldTrump  I regret voting for O. I thought he would be great. He's spineless and weak. Worst prez ever. Clearly
The perfect getaway, @Trump_Ireland is Europe's most elite 5-star destination perfected with old-world luxury 
@Kramersfarm:  You are spot on with your opinion on vaccinations. Big pharma and big Ag control a lot of misinformation. Great job.
Via @todayshow by @ReeHines: u201cDonald Trump reveals new @ApprenticeNBC cast, talks Joan Rivers' role on showu201d 
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!
@brendakenesonwe @NYDailyNews: I've done hair since I was 14, that's real not a rug! True, thanks (but they know it--dishonest press)
Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true. - Joe Montana
u201cSome people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem.u201d- Ronald Reagan
@1SimranjitSingh: @realDonaldTrump Donald Vs. Vince McMahon at Wrestlemania 23. EPIC
@IntegralDevices: @realDonaldTrump @IR7DJ2 @buffalobills Congrats #NFL good choice
@gordoncowan: @TurnberryBuzz  Thank u 4 outstanding service &amp; attention 2 detail 4 the Cowan/Martin wedding on Fri. 
@L0RDG4G4: @realDonaldTrump Rosie back on @theviewtv ? What do you think about that, Mr. Trump? She will self destruct, as she always does
@Paulyp94: Learning from THE man @realDonaldTrump 
@Hafizzuddin_MYU: Go for the next President of USA @realDonaldTrump ... Lets see the impact for the world ... Great man for great world!
Airing live from Baton Rouge at 8PM ET on @nbc, 2014 @MissUSA Competition will be a tremendous event 
@ChristopherCud1: @realDonaldTrump FORGET THE REST , NO ONE IS UP TO SPEED ON THIS RUN FOR PRESIDENT BUT YOU. SO TAKE IT FROM THE BABYS !!!
u201cDon't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.u201d - Calvin Coolidge
@A_Buon  I remember many years ago I hated @realDonaldTrump because the media told me to. I now know he's a true American  Thanks.
@theguychief_: @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrumpForPresident2016
@Cmac23Jenkins: I dont care how old it is, I will always get so pumped up when I listen to Donald Trump. Really nice (sort of?)!
@TJonesy072: @realDonaldTrump Pecfect! Why aren't you President?
@annelol: @realDonaldTrump i hope my children are just like you  So nice, thanks.
@SpenceGarcia805: @realDonaldTrump is the man!! Huge inspiration Thanks!
@spidersteve1977: @realDonaldTrump @ronmeier123 @FoxNews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity bet trump would be like reagan all over again! Nice!
@dragonfly125 @realDonaldTrump loved that season!!!!! #RIPJoanRivers Everyone did, thanks.
@IvoryRymes: @realDonaldTrump Please run, The American ppl need you!
The Trumping of Turnberry via Links Magazine @TrumpTurnberry  
@Michael_Haz  Donald, why donu2019t you go out to Nevada &amp; cut a deal for #CliveBundy? No one is a better deal maker than you. Go do it! True!
@KyleKissKiss: @realDonaldTrump run for president, win, and handle it!
u201c@ApprenticeNBC: Donald Trump Talks Joan Riversu201d 
@SamJabbo Trump you inspire me to be successful everyday.  Great--good luck!
Wow, one of the all-time greats in fashion, OSCAR DE LA RENTA, has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
Our country is totally fractured and, with our weak leadership in Washington, you can expect Ferguson type riots and looting in other places
Mayweather is getting absolutely killed!
@JacobNiermeyer: Donald Trump will forever be Mac Miller's best song.  True - he will never have another one to compete!
@JordanManhas: @realDonaldTrump , Any plans for a trump building in Toronto, Mr.Trump. Already have a great one, Trump International hotel
@FrankyGarbaggio: @realDonaldTrump you are the man plain and simple.  Thank you, very nice.
Dopey @chicagotribune critic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign.
@GoodGuyKuchar: Keep fighting for the #American flag @realDonaldTrump! I will!
Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Awarded the prestigious 2014 @ForbesInspector 5-Star Guide @TrumpToronto is located in beautiful downtown Toronto 
@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump please run for president
Hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected Real Estate Weekly 
.@WWE: He's answered the call! @realDonaldTrump responds to @VinceMcMahon's #ALSIceBucketChallenge! 
@ACHockeyHistory: @realDonaldTrump Walked past your building in Vancouver today...going up very fast...will add some style to Vancouver.
@bahia6085  Thanks. I'm rewinding it now. Always makes my Monday to hear Trump on @foxandfriends  Thanks.
u201cToday's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements.u201d - Henry Banks
Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!
Tickets are now available for the 2015 @CadillacChamp at @TrumpDoral, March 4-8: 
@fundanything has great campaigns. Support one today 
@JaskulskiDiane: @mileswynn3 @realDonaldTrump @CahlRStorrie @Jennifer75AR He sure is more than qualified to be President.
@EinsteinCassidy: Donald Trump's Scottish hotel awarded five-star rating . 
We are excited to announce Trump Estates at Akoya by DAMAC, luxury villas situated byTrump Intu2019l Golf Links Dubai 
@alyssatomazin44: @realDonaldTrump seriously needs to run for presidentud83dude4cud83dude4f
@EggMac1: u201c@realDonaldTrump: Wow, just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Just Played it today, it was Great.
@ann_eads: @realDonaldTrump I agree with you about how people are mocking Russia and their efforts. Only going to hurt us in long run.
.@Neilyoung- one of my favorite musicians- in my office. 
@MitchRyanRocks: Please run for office. This country NEEDS ur leadership, knowledge, n passion. Also, I'd love to be a part of ur team!
@johnnyb23390: @realDonaldTrump - the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real birth certificate. keep up the great work!
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
@Electric988: A smart, POWERFUL, and SUCCESSFUL man like Donald Trump would be the ideal president. We need you Mr. Trump! #Trump2016
@Cannestrader74  I find reading your tweets get me in the right mind set for trading. It is proving invaluable so thank you. Great, thx
Power Lunching next to the #BlueMonster: 
@Its_TSize: Never realized that @realDonaldTrump was in Home Alone 2 the man does everything #Trump2016
.@TrumpTurnberry's 149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of Edwardian tradition and timeless design 
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business &amp; jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicityu2014a total loser!
@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump, we need your kind of art. The world needs more of your Poetry of Profit. A TRUE artist!
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually, they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S.
@DavideBergstein @AllenWest A much needed Trump/West ticket. Opposite of our 'president', 2 straight talkers who understand the enemy/world
Ring in 2015 in downtown New Yorku2019s most elite 5 Star hotel. @TrumpSoHo offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence 
Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: u201cDonald Trump Takes Ice Bucket Challenge u2013 Dares Obamau201d 
@DrizzyDan_: The U.S. needs @realDonaldTrump at this moment Thank you.
@rramz1979: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you run for US president? Watch.
@joerusso9: @realDonaldTrump should be the next president  Thanks.
Why didnu2019t Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is, Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them,  at the highest level, over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!
New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from @attnyc and @tribecafilmfest. My choice? Citizen Kane #FilmForAll
@brucetobin: @realDonaldTrump Hello Mr.Trump If you were to run for president to show these clowns how it's done you already have my vote
@nikkio:  Almost only counts in horse-shoes. He had to know statue of limitations was in play - yet he wasted tax payer $'s anyway?Fool AG
@aj3fla @realDonaldTrump great job on @HowardStern this week. Always the best radio with the two of you.  Thank you.
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
@avellacompany1: @realDonaldTrump the best Thanks.
@cartjake88 your name on the building much ado about nothing. Thx 4 making such a beautiful addition to skyline 
@gja360: @realDonaldTrump I read all of your books you truly are an inspiration!  Thanks.
Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low!
@SirMikeAdams: Why would Trump run for president? He likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. It can all change!
@NickySummer @AlexSalmond Wind farms are an eyesore all over Scotland...ruining the most beautiful parts of our country. A disgrace! True!
Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center 
@RColdwellBanker: I wear a suit everyday to be professional but I top it off with a #trumptie to say I'm on top of my game and successful.
Do your homework. Wasting other peopleu2019s time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@TrumpScotland: Michael McEwan of Bunkered magazine recently had the opportunity to meet Mr.Trump 
@PeteGagliardo Seeing how excited Trump is about the bills is awesome. We deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in Buffalo
#TBT Saturday Night Live 
Amazing story in @BreitbartNews about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant @BuzzFeed. CONGRATS!
@TheJimLewis: I really like the #Trump collection, quality is outstanding, Feel like a #billionaire wearing it. 
@sirsmooth61 taj employee here mr trump, we will welcome you back with open arms! We need you back! Thanks Mark, I am looking!
@deniseprobe: Your time on the David letterman show was so much more interesting than dr Phil on kimmel show. You look good. I'd vote 4 u
@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump @amirite_ I have never laughed at one thing from Seth Meyers or Jon Stewart.
@shmopniggadick: @realDonaldTrump for president
@RupertSuren: @realDonaldTrump @crazycatkid US airport staff should strike if flights to &amp; from affected countries do not stop
@caleb2207: @realDonaldTrump my family is going to Hawaii &amp; I told them to go to @TrumpWaikiki I told them that yours' are the best!
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.
@MIKEOLMUSIC:I absolutely love your family Mr. Trump. I'm a humongous admirer of you and your family. Can't wait to see the next season
@johnstockwell: Another great appearance by @realDonaldTrump on @HowardStern! Hope to catch a replay on the drive home.
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
@DrewMadeOFF RT @realDonaldTrump RT @AlexArancio @ArsenioHall It's why he failed originally and will fail again It's called disloyal!
@bfc0312: @realDonaldTrump please stay active on Twitter when you are President! Really cute!
@4TheTruth2012: @realDonaldTrump @DamnitJustin Outstanding beautiful building for sure!
@AAszkler: @realDonaldTrump @tylerasmith1 GOP will not win until they fire all of the political consultants
@amitgupta9 @realDonaldTrump is the visionary with the midas touch. America, Good times are on their way...  Thanks.
@JamesPDonahue1: @HowardStern @Tedd474 @realDonaldTrump another amazing and solid #SiriusXM appearance from #DonaldTrump
@Jeanee31: @seanhannity Please please please Donald Trump run for president. I have been saying this for a long time .you are awesome
@SoyerJanis: DonaldTrump @InTheElections @NYDailyNews Please don't mess with us again, please run &amp; don't change your mind. We need you
Think of this: After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq, Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS.
@redvetttes: @realDonaldTrump @itsRyanHilton if he tells China where to go ,He has my vote
@GunnAndrew: @realDonaldTrump future British open? #TrumpScotland 
@OsamaBinBallinn: Out of all the celebrities @realDonaldTrump is the only one that speaks the truth. We need more leaders like him!
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!
@incfw: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump
@benfromdallas: @realDonaldTrump 2016 President. The world needs a real business man. Not a political putter from the Bush ward
@HMunjal: .@realDonaldTrump is the best! He's my favorite entrepreneur! Thank you.
I hear the very ungrateful @ArsenioHall has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad!
@bhamp23: @realDonaldTrump @espn great interview
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump I think you should be Barbara Walters' most fascinating person of 2014 I agree but have already been twice!
@CoxDanimal: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT #2016
COURT FINDS IN FAVOR OF TRUMP UNIVERSITY 
The road to success is always under construction.  -- Arnold Palmer
@Greek1958: Looking forward seeing @realDonaldTrump on @Letterman tonight. Has my vote as the next #POTUS Thanks.
We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian u2018rebels.u2019 What is wrong with Washington?!
Nasty for the middle class, electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past March 
@oasisjosh @GlennInvestor @realDonaldTrump his books are great Thanks.
@MATAblets: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing-Donald Trump Lean from the best!
Featuring @BLTPrime &amp; Palm Grill, @TrumpDoral offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options 
@abbysullz: @realDonaldTrump your tweets made my night
@jakester74: @realDonaldTrump you should run instead of just talk about it. you'd probably win. Remember your words Jake!
Obama opposes sanctions on Iran 
@LiamMcKercher: @realDonaldTrump We need @realDonaldTrump to be President
@str8thinker: As president @realDonaldTrump would surround himself with Great People. .. no more mediocrity  TRUE!
@AmFam2013: @realDonaldTrump @TMZ_Politics You would have my vote Donald Trump
@janieRNER: @realDonaldTrump only deal should be Presidential Deal....hurry.  We need help fast!
@Sunflowers362: @realDonaldTrump I have been reviewing my options for this #Obamacare it has me with #sleepless #nights. I'm worried!
@lucasflavin: One of my goals in life is to eventually do business with @realDonaldTrump
@lynn4596: I seriously admire @realDonaldTrump, watching his show 'celebrity apprentice' was my inspiration to do well as a kid Great.
.@danawhite - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!
@khaleejideal: @realDonaldTrump u r my role model since i was 18. Now im 22 and working on launching my own company bcz of ur inspiration.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
@JackWitty: @realDonaldTrump @Fraz_Scotcher @TrumpScotland ~If Presidential election were today,I'd vote 4 Donald Trump.
A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice &amp; expecting a different result.
@rhino848484: @realDonaldTrump where would NBC be without the apprentice? You make the TV Network Mr. Trump
@theinfinitus1:  @DRJAMESCABOT @TrumpPanama Incredible building... a must trip to Panama! Black Sand Beaches, exotic people, what a vibe!
@frankdimauro: @realDonaldTrump is a great businessman. I learned so much from The Art of the Deal. Best of luck!
@AndyDostal: @realDonaldTrump Don the lettering looks sharp in Chicago! 
.@TrumpChicago is Chicago's sole destination showcasing a Five-Star @Forbes rating for both hotel &amp; restaurant 
Trump Collectionu2019s summer line, exclusively available @Macys, is the pinnacle of style &amp; prestige. Dress your best!  
@michelleazulll: u201c@realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.u201d
This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan, who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers, is causing havoc. If he lives, prosecute!
@Noe Donald Trump: #RaffaeleSollecito was unfairly convicted. He didnu2019t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed.u201d #innocent
@sgrifkin: DonaldTrump when will you next appear on television? I am very interested in your opinion of the current NYC real-estate market
Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral, Miami. GARY IS GREAT!
@ronmeier123: January 20th 2017 will be a Victorious Day in America MR. TRUMP if you run! For you will be sworn in as the 45th PRESIDENT!
@CortneyKahrs:Why should Mr.Trump know who two random people are. He's a celebrity. He gets a ton of tweets and was just trying to be nice.
So many people donu2019t understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for childrenu2014just not in one massive doseu2014spread them out over time.
There are many editorial writers that are good, some great, &amp; some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: u201cTrump: Baghdad Likely to Fall to ISISu201dn  
@GrassrootTroopr: @realDonaldTrump Best episode of #Hannity I've seen in awhile. Thanks to your interview, sir. Run Mr. Trump, RUNNNN!
Via @PRNewswire: u201cCentral Park Horse Show To Make Inaugural Debut in NYC Sept 18-21u201dn  
@ASenaPhotograph Today is my 61st birthday .The best gift I could receive is a retweet from you. Supporting you in 2016 Happy Birthday.
@JacksBeach: @realDonaldTrump @jeffredman5 Trump's a strong leader. Letterman is a weak, passive, insecure person. Thanks, but he is good!
Obamau2019s Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader McConnell with riders. Thatu2019s one reason we needed the Senate.
Obama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy.
@Koonskin: .@realDonaldTrump would make an amazing president. Best ever! Sadly, I don't think he has the guts to run. A shame. We'll see!
@DRJAMESCABOT: Donald you're so handsome... i can speak... Paltrow loser... Trump 2016 rock n roll back in the OVAL not Paltrow
The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!
@randalldeputy  @realDonaldTrump nice feature on @MikeAndMike.  You're awesome.  Thanks.
The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively!
@JSL79 I hope you will consider buying back the Trump Plaza &amp; Taj returning them to the great places they once were Will take a hard look.
@chrisexpress5: Only @realDonaldTrump could help this country out of the hole it's in. #Trump2016
@cantget300: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president!!!!  Great idea!
Via @PRNewswire: TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTIONu2122 Announces Trumpu00ae International Hotel &amp; Tower Baku 
NO WAY, JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX?
u201cEach excellent thing, once learned, serves for a measure of all other knowledge.u201d - Philip Sidney
@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump @RonCanova @TrumpDoral Yep, the man we need running the country.  Thanks!
@Nehemiah_israel: @realDonaldTrump Are u running for president in 2016 or not?  We will soon see!
@JLW2380: @sternshow I love when @realDonaldTrump comes on. He is so refreshingly honest. #greatguest
@AAndreakis: @realDonaldTrump Happy B-Day Mr. Trump, you are a great inspiration for many people around the world! May God Bless You Mr. T!
Along with two championship courses on the Potomac River, @TrumpGolfDCu2019s also offers limitless social events  
@LaurD123: Oh hey I saw bill o'reilly at a mets game once with Donald trump @oreillyfactor will do great today with interview of O!
@not_that_actor:  @IGotAngelEyes @JoyceGoodman64 If Donald doesn't run, the US will never regain its #1 world super-power status True!
@StdyeddyD: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump rocks. I wish I had the money to play his great Golf Courses. He epitomizes success.  Work hard!
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake, as I said from the very beginning. Bush &amp; Obama should apologize
#TBT On the stage during the Emmys performing Green Acres with Megan Mullally 
@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump A very happy, blessed Easter to you, Mr. Trump.  Thank you, and you also!
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
@fackinpeter: Just watched you on @foxandfriends while putting on a @realDonaldTrump tie getting ready for work #DoubleTrump
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.n-- Albert Einstein
.@NJPGA Club of the Year, Trump Natu2019l Bedminster is NJ's top family country club with two award winning courses 
The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA instead of making a deal- 
@christsonton: @realDonaldTrump now Cleveland and the country needs you to run for President!!!  Thanks.
@calfofgod: @realDonaldTrump you are the Smartest man in america. Why aren't you president. Who needs Obama? We need you! Please run!!
@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump You can never be wrong if you vote for MR. TRUMP in 2016! He is the RIGHT MAN for President! Happy Sunday!
@TONYWELCH007: @realDonaldTrump It all starts at@Trump Doral !! The best in all of the WORLD will face the test of The NewBlueMonster!
Never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. Be prudent. It's best to have your concessions predetermined
@Mark_quoted: @realDonaldTrump reading Think Big and can't help but wonder why you ain't president yet?  Well, now is when we most need it
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!
u201cThe idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well.u201d - @jack_welch
@J1En @realDonaldTrump as my mentor and some1 I looked up to while in college in buffalo I think you should purchase the team. @nflcommish
With panoramic views of Central Park &amp; the Manhattan skyline, 5 Star @TrumpNewYork offers 176 newly  renovated rooms 
@EastonWestwood: Please run for President again! America is almost finished but might have a chance if you're President in Jan.2017.
@garc8509: @realDonaldTrump no don't buy the #BuffaloBills. Buy the #NewYorkMets #Mets we need a true owner that wants to win!! Please!
In game 7 of the World Series tonight, the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C., even with two days rest.
Towering over trendy Bay Street, @TrumpTO offers 118 stunning condominiums w/ multi-angle views &amp; elite amenities 
@tquoteseday: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable. - Donald Trump
@jshah500: @realDonaldTrump You are the most negative person I've ever followed.  Thank you!
@WPS1879LTD: We are spending the day at the #NYConf and look forward to the keynote presentation from @realDonaldTrump  Great!
@craig_eaton12: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump-thank you for being most responsible for the decreasing gas costs! #trumpforpresident
@AdamWebz Can't wait to get to play @TrumpTurnberry...been on my list for a long time.  Awesome job  Thanks--you will love it!
Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week &amp; did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad!
@Nan_Imburgia: @realDonaldTrump Why is it O makes absolutely no sense while Donald Trump makes perfect sense!!!
Located in Central Park, the iconic @TrumpRink is NYCu2019s top skating rink. VIP sessions are available for booking 
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!
@mosanimusa: @realDonaldTrump Great man doing great things  Thank you.
Via @cnsnews by @CraigBBannister: u201cPoll: Hispanics, Blacks Call for Tighter Borders, Access to Illegals' Jobsu201dn  
The Honolulu accommodations of @TrumpWaikiki are the perfect merger of beauty and functionn 
Always remember, I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't, McCain couldn't.
@MELANIATRUMP: Good night Washington D.C. ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 
Watch the @nbc video where @realmissnvusa is crowned as the 63rd @MissUSA 
A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face.
@yosoyroberto @realDonaldTrump Congratulations for taking some time to answer tweets, awesome example of planning and scheduling! Thanks.
@andyacr: @realDonaldTrump can't imagine living a day in your shoes. It must be remarkable. But never easy!
@AlexBrochesMTV: Want to see REAL change America? Get Donald in the White House and see a TRUE American businessman fix this economy!!!!
Young entrepreneurs u2013 be patient and continue to work with determination. With hard work, success will follow. Keep your focus!
@JLsmoothh: @realDonaldTrump run for president please
Via @BBCNews: u201cUS property tycoon Donald Trump confirms Turnberry buyu201d 
If Alison Grimes canu2019t admit she voted for Obama, even if she is embarrassed, then you canu2019t trust her! Vote @Team_Mitch!
@MattyGucci: @realDonaldTrump This nation will be on the right track once I see your name on the presidential ballot. #Trump2016 Thanks.
We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.
A @aahs5star Diamond &amp; Green Star Diamond Award winner, @TrumpGolfLA is the nationu2019s top public course 
@NinjaRomantic: If it takes one more god damn tweet for you to run Donald, then sir l will gladly be that god damn tweet. #2016 #President
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!
I will be on @foxandfriends  in ten minutes - enjoy!
.@KieranLalor  I created far more jobs and success in Dutchess than you--you should be Fired.
Watching Gates on @seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement?
.@AGSchneiderman must take a drug test immediatelyu2014make results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead.
@ayrshirepost: @realDonaldTrump reveals plans for all-new spa at @TrumpTurnberry resort. Exclusive interview in today's @ayrshirepost
@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump I always enjoy your calls to the Howard Stern show. When can we expect your next one? Soon!
...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader.
Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.
@superjessica562: Donald Trump by @MacMiller will forever be one of my favs ud83dudc95  I understand why!
Just returned from Ireland, Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip, great places--but always good to be back.
@Jacquel80505769: @realDonaldTrump I am from Jackson,Kentucky and we need you for President Mr. Trump,,  I agree, thanks.
@SI_PeterKing: Why do baseball players slide headfirst? Are they just, like, not smart?  Great point, and also, thank you Peter!
@MayurSharma60: @realDonaldTrump I dream to own a house in trump towers mumbai #coztrumptowersisthebest
@Reagan_Nation: Michael Savage: Donald Trump Is The Only Republican That Can Beat Hillary 
@samanthaviner01: @realDonaldTrump for president
@Shoove11: u201c@realDonaldTrump: @RTMARTINAZ: @realDonaldTrump America could sure use you in 2016, sir!u201d Yes please!!
@joebud123: @realDonaldTrump Which one of your books should I read first? The Art of the Deal
@BrielleZolciak: @realDonaldTrump what do I have to do to get u to run for president #byeobama Just hang in there!
@MissSariBrooke @realDonaldTrump I'm going to Chicago next week and I'm def going to get a pic with the new TRUMP sign! #chicago #trumpsign
u201cEvery big thinker has had to start as a nobody. Just think big &amp; that immediately distinguishes you from the majority.u201d u2013 Think Big
@Ripnitz: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE run for President!!! We need you to straighten out this Country!!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.n -- Abraham Lincoln
@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump @wolf_grayson he will win in 2016
@deno716 What better way to start a movie than having @realDonaldTrump in the first 3 min. Yes I'm watching Zoolander on @Netflix  Great!
@Kathzeh: @realDonaldTrump Great job on @foxandfriends this morning!!!
@wwtcorp: @realDonaldTrump: The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. 
@The_Lady_Colors: @realDonaldTrump @itsRyanHilton He would be the very best of what this country needs today!
There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
@ronmeier123 @bryabntshirley1 Even the Elf On The Shelf is STARTING to get Restless! On JANUARY 4th the APPRENTICE is going to be Great!
@IlLaughs: @realDonaldTrump Yes, we could use a sharp minded man, who wants to get America back on top of the game.
I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen!
@WorldReachTech: @realDonaldTrump @greta The saddest moment in American history was the fact Obama was elected POTUS on broken promises
@Steal70 @realDonaldTrump enjoying the Toronto property for my first time.  Great service from Shane and Ali. Thank you. @TrumpToronto
@JWIAdvisory: @TheEllenShow you did a great job at the Oscars, despite what @realDonaldTrump is saying! Oscars sucked, Ellen off her game!
@Tyler_Allreddd: Well said @realDonaldTrump #Obamacare 
@jeffokrina: @CBSSports @EyeOnGolf @realDonaldTrump: I agree with the Donald. What a goat track! I'll take the beauty of Pebble any day!
@JeromeGottlieb: @realDonaldTrump trump 2016! we need you in office
Now Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. Whatu2019s next?
@Are_Jay_Sea: We need DonaldTrump in the White House in 2016. Someone w/o political agenda &amp; who just wants to make our country great again
My @todayshow int. with @MLauer announcing the January 4th premiere &amp; cast of the 14th season of @ApprenticeNBCn
@YllSadiku: @realDonaldTrump Such a nice Guy. Such a perfect Leader . I want to see you in the White House !! Mr.Pesident D.Trump. Thanks
@PhilRamlet: @TrumpDoral @JJcompitGolf just played Blue Monster today. First group off at 8am. Great course!!! Phenomenal service!!!
On top of the disrespect shown by Russia, donu2019t forget they still have Snowden, who has given them (&amp; everyone) massive US secrets.
@sirtyro saw this today from a few hundred feet! Very impressive building! 
u201cDonald Trump on 'Brutal' New Season of @ApprenticeNBCu201dn  
@rokrok10100: @realDonaldTrump ...in India we LOVE Donald Trump. Wake up, America, recognize the sheer class of this man.
Our views trump the rest for the #Thanksgiving #MacysParade. Stay @TrumpNewYork for exclusive parade access 
Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative @SteveKingIA!
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also, the new driving range is open at night!
@SouthRoyce: @realDonaldTrump @lovely_laura21 YES! He's our man for the next President. SURE, He's the Man, no doubt
@steele_sue: @realDonaldTrump I think your sign needs to stay, I think it looks great. Love it..
@akers_joshua: @pearlingjosh Absolutely amazing. Still not sure about running for Pres. Mr. Trump?? lol The world loves you. Thanks!
Last Thursday Obama said investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term The next day he again stopped Keystone
@Marshall_Cook: @realDonaldTrump how do you feel about Kevin O'Leary from shark tank? Reminds me of you. But I have much more money &amp; hair
@kostoff2: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral - Players have been raving about how nice the course is &amp; how much they are looking fwd to it.
@00RSTW00: Most brilliant casting in the history of TV: Gilbert Gottfried on Celebrity Apprentice. @realDonaldTrump
@dleonaard: Donald Trump by Mac Miller never gets old to me ud83dudc4c
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, The Art of the Deal. Great parent!
@KauaiNj: @realDonaldTrump Most of us know you would run the US with heart. @seanhannity  So true!
@yungcarps: I believe in @realDonaldTrump 2016 ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
Obama told Medvedev after the u201912 reelect, he would u201chave more flexibility.u201d It was music to Putinu2019s ears.
@2p2TrollCat: .@realDonaldTrump @petewaite976 @ApprenticeNBC That wouldn't be hard to do. True!
Entrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
@kathy1453: @realDonaldTrump @DannBushh I'm one of them. You'd be an excellent president.
@MorganssCool: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! You have my vote.We need more people like you in this world!! You're a great man!
@NateDolphinAL: @realDonaldTrump Dont think your more than donald trump...he is the best #betterthanyou  Thanks!
@coachofspin  My cousin working with J. Nicklaus to make Ferry Point one of the best golf courses! Will be great!  True! @jacknicklaus
@overcaves: @optigan4 vote @realDonaldTrump 2016
Obamau2019s motto: If I donu2019t go on tax payer funded vacations &amp; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
@rpoole1954: @realDonaldTrump Hopefully your breakfast is with your 2016 pres exploratory committee #2016 Hopeful
Via @BreitbartNews by @TheTonyLee: @Citizens_United sues @AGSchneiderman for violating 1st Amendment 
@caleb2207: @realDonaldTrump You were completely right as always! Thanks.
@troyer_jeb: Just ordered The Art of the Deal by @realDonaldTrump. Can't wait to read itud83dudc4dud83dudc4d  Great.
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals, our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail. #FreeOurMarine
@Trump_Charlotte  I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place.
Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth.
u201cChalk failure up to experience, donu2019t take it personally, and go find your next challenge.u201d u2013 Trump: Never Give Up
@LenWDougleman:  Dear Donald, I love you success aftershave. I love to walk out of the house with the confidence that I smell of Trump.
 @WealthyJACK                     n@realDonaldTrump True. I read it - great book, Mr. Trump.  Thanks.
The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can!
It was great being on @MikeAndMike in the Morning (ESPN)u2014two great guys, fantastic show!
@JanineTurner: @realDonaldTrump your appearance on #gretawire tonight was refreshing to hear! So much common sense!@gretawire
@TylerTheKicker: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song Many agree!
.@MattGinellaGC  It's true Matt, the NEW Blue Monster is better than Pinehurst, so is Bedminster. Turnberry &amp; Trump Aberdeen blow it away!
@Rebel1941: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends great
@nsugra: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to going on a nature walk at the golf course in #palosverdes tomorrow with my daughters! Great!
Via @IBDeditorials: u201cMost Americans Label Obama Presidency A Failureu201d 
@vidopisugam: RT @realDonaldTrump The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
@nothreeputt You have to admit @realDonaldTrump was correct, Valhalla much better course to the eye than Pinehurst. #notamuni So true!
#TBT WrestleMania 23 
@TheNickSutton How does @realDonaldTrump feel about Rosie back at @theviewtv? They are desperate--a short term fix!
@stmarie: @realDonaldTrump Sick!!! This country is going to shit! We need real people to run this country. So get moving!
@BarrusTJ:  Is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible.#Trump2016
@jeff_smith7: @realDonaldTrump Maybe Perry can put in a 9 hole golf course on the banks of the Rio Grande to lure Obama to see the border?
Glad to see RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
Very sad &amp; dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair.
@bhughes0422: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you have my support..... 100% I hope you run 2016
@Ferlpb: @realDonaldTrump GOVERNMENT SHOULD SPEND THAT ON FIGHTING ISIS. RUN FOR PRESIDENT, DONALD. YOU CAN DO IT.
#TrumpVlog Make our country great again! 
@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump @chadj19 Country needs to rise &amp; be great again! So we need great men &amp; leaders at the top!! True!
Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run, single-payer health insurance that many doctors don't take - @Avik
@luciab1 @realDonaldTrump congrats on having 4 of top 5 golf courses in south florida  Thank you.
@IGotAngelEyes: @realDonaldTrump @Savi_Swizzle Very Smart Man. I'd Vote 4 U MR. TRUMP. ud83dudc51ud83cudf39ud83dudc8bud83cuddfaud83cuddf8  Thanks
Negotiation tip: Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills.
Any American who fights w/ ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passport revoked. If they try to come back in, send them to Gitmo.
The opening of the @TigerWoods Villa at trumpdoral 
@Lane_Pack: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote.
@itsRyanHilton: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to announce that he's running for President
Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!
@Teabo: How many people would vote for DonaldTrump if he ran? I would... if you can make in  New York, you can make it anywhere #NewYorkNY
@twins44: @realDonaldTrump I could listen to you on Howard for a whole day straight. No one promotes himself better then you. #trumprules
Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didnu2019t have a clueu2014grossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak
@Leonard @realDonaldTrump Even the Irish are routing for you to become president. Also congrats on Doonbeg golf course. #TrumpForPresident
@GropperBlotter  @FrankCaliendo impression of @realDonaldTrump is my favorite of his. Beyond funny on @MikeAndMike this morning.
u201cNo one remembers who came in second.u201d u2013 Walter Hagen
@Surajlalla: u201c@realDonaldTrump: Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To, But Most Succeed Because They Are Determined To
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote @Team_Mitch!
With autism being way up, what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies?
@sloat24: @realDonaldTrump I can vote now and I expect to be voting for #Trump2016  Thank you!
@katielevan9: i love @realDonaldTrump finally someone who gets itud83dude4c
#TrumpVlog @Rosie wasn't even a short term fix at The View. 
@nklaeger We need a successful business person to upright the USA...no rookies. Trump is the man to do it!  Thanks, I agree!
@mountainstate82: @realDonaldTrump Donald, make 2016 happen. Let's do business with countries of financial interest, no more aid on demand.
While I won't be running for Governor of New York State, a race I would have won, I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen!
@GolfSwingShirt: @realDonaldTrump  I have the two ties on the right..great quality as they never loose their shape and tie a perfect knot.
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from ObamaCare to a deserter.
@_marryyy: @realDonaldTrump MY FIRST EVER OPPORTUNITY TO VOTE NEEDS TO BE A VOTE FOR U!!! Runnnnnn
@natebailey11: Seth Meyers lame 'act' proving @realDonaldTrump correct; #Emmys are almost unwatchable.
@EricaMelone: @realDonaldTrump anyone that knows you, knows it has nothing to do with you. Don't worry about defending yourself. You ROCK!
@EeekToys: @realDonaldTrump @katyperry   Donald is onto something here. Russ does look like a really bad lost dummy joke with a fried mind
Obama told his donors this past week u201cpublic opinionu201d is on his side. Don't believe that one either.
@df387 @realDonaldTrump buy the @buffalobills we need proven success.n@nflcommish
@phagan2: @realDonaldTrump your children are smart and capable. You must take the reins and get the USA back #1  It can be done.
@lbcxyz: @realDonaldTrump Every city in the US would be like Dubai if you were president.
Itu2019s been stated that dopey NY @AGSchneiderman used cocaine while he was a state senator.  
I have to admit @AlexSalmond is a tough, smart guy. He is formidable by any standard!
@ssalame11: @realDonaldTrump you are a God !!! Of real estate A great compliment (and true) - thanks!
@minlarrycornel: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral Spectacular! Please keep up the good work @minlarrycornel Thank you.
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB
It's time to let Pete Rose, the all time hits leader, into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!!
@JayGW804: RT @realDonaldTrump: The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
u201cExclusive: Donald Trump wants to build a luxury hotel in Dubaiu201d    
CBO estimates over 2.3M jobs will be lost due to ObamaCare 
If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty, why would you abide by other laws? No Amnesty!
@wolf_grayson: Can't wait to see @GeraldoRivera on celebrity apprentice hosted by @realDonaldTrump
@Badash78: @realDonaldTrump @ToddThomson12 @RSherman_25 Sherman has great respect for you Mr. Trump.
@judibluiz99: @realDonaldTrump I Love the new letters! Very classy! 
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. u2018At leastu2019 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
@GunBunInTheOven: .@realDonaldTrump YOURE A GOD DAMNED GENIUS TRUMP  I agree, thanks!
@KarenMonsour12: @realDonaldTrump @Vote4Wallace Come on MR. TRUMP we NEED you! Otherwise, what You Enjoy doing right now, won't exist!
@mikerugg1: @realDonaldTrump is the man America needs #Trump2016
@dustinjm19: @realDonaldTrump a retweet today = a new tie purchase from Macy's tomorrow.
@ronmeier123: You were RIGHT as usual Mr. Trump! You called for Madison Bumgarner after game 6 and Giants are now World Champs!
@stinger_inc: Good thing I tuned into this Steelers/Bengals NFL game on NBC as I found out that Donald's @ApprenticeNBC starts next Sunday!
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
These Islamists chop Americansu2019 heads off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA, not persecuting them.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Another Obama disaster- 
Congrats to @Team_Mitch on winning a spirited primary. Great job, Mitch.
u201cBe objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
u201cTrump's Championship #BlueMonster Course Opens To Rave Reviewsu201d 
@DrewMadeOFF  RT @realDonaldTrump RT @tx_shaun its #true, he didn't get his show until after he won the @ApprenticeNBC  True!
@KcLivegreen: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the positive words of wisdom!
@JimDBenson: @realDonaldTrump Great point on the Obamacare siteu2026Thanks for keeping it top-of-mind. Your gifted insights bless America!
@5dragons: @realDonaldTrump @stevenowell ( Pinehurst) Was a great looking dust bowl.
@BreitbartNews: Donald Trump: Obama 'Stupid' or 'Arrogant' for Not Instituting Ebola Travel Ban: On Sunday 
@wwwrvcom @DarrrenRice @realDonaldTrump Yes Donald seen it in Chicago last month too, thumbs up! #wearethepeople  Thanks.
@pnerrad: @realDonaldTrump they've spent the last three weeks updating us about not finding a plane, Donald
@Moore2Donnie: @FrankCaliendo @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump ud83dude02ud83dude02ud83dude02
@MissPSpencer: @realDonaldTrump Love the Trump signud83dudc4dAmazing!!
@pandoerra: @realDonaldTrump I think you could have directed a better oscars mr. Trump #oscars MUCH BETTER!
Obama administration said that Saudi Arabia was on Syriau2019s border 
@Mumbles06: @realDonaldTrump Geat hearing you on Howard Stern, you should run for President.
Thanks @MickyArison for your nice statement @BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral. I just want to do as well as you have with @MiamiHEAT. See u soon
Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill: Never, never, never give up. ...
@NewsWriter2:  @4enzicTom: Newspaper: 'We Were Wrong' To Endorse Obama; He's Even Worse Than George Bush 
@ashleymarie938: @realDonaldTrump: @AwakKeNTV: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president! please save us man omg yes bro!
Our govu2019t should immediately stop sending $u2019s to Mexico, no friend, until they release Marine &amp; stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S.
I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger  iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock
Excited to see @SixteenChicagou2019s  u201celevated fine diningu201d explored by @USAToday @10Best! 
@jeffferrier: @realDonaldTrump first business book I ever read was The Art of the Deal as a high schooler in the 80s. Been a fan ever since
Other  worthy people were taken off the @CNBC list as well. Stupid poll should be canceledu2014no credibility.
Offering river, lake &amp; skyline views, @TrumpChicagou2019s 339 5 Star rooms range from Deluxe Suites to Spa Guestrooms 
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences 
@iamnextroom: @realDonaldTrump I decided that I'll choose to live in the US when you are the president.  Good choice!
If you like to work hard, you will attract people with the same ethic. - Think Like a Billionaire
@Mrs_VGomez: @realDonaldTrump Yes !! The government is bringing them back here so the outbreak can start here too !!
They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people, get smart!
@NYRLenny: @realDonaldTrump if you run for President I will go door to door convincing people to vote for you.  Thanks!
President Obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS!
I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!
@josegonzalez_69: @realDonaldTrump Bush never should've sent our troops there to begin with!I have said that for many years, bad judgement
@TimothyRosinski: @realDonaldTrump If you run for POTUS. You will WIN! Just think about that.  Thank you.
@liquidkowboy: @realDonaldTrump We need someone to make America, America again.You have my vote for 2016 #2016Election #USA #NoMoreClintons
.@JustinRose99 The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon.
@Subb54: Donald Trump investing in luxury hotels in India is a great news. Enjoyed Interesting interview on CNNIBN
Realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs, security, and well-being for others. - Midas Touch
The NYPD Surveillance Program kept NYC safe since 9/11. There will be tragic consequences for ending it.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Keep your focus positive.
Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3*  @MikeBloomberg
@william76960376: @realDonaldTrump you are truly the greatest person Alive!!!! #your #awesome  Wow, thanks!
@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @EmoHermione I hope that he runs also! We need a real leader in DC.
M.M. is a good choice - also, nice guy! #Oscars
@RockChristopher: I wasnu0092t satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. ~ Donald Trump
For great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. Learn everything you can about what you're doing. Be an expert.
@annaliotta: 28.6 M non-golfers were interested in golf in 2013. The highest interest being expressed by #Millennials 18 to 29 yrs old #pga
@Noce82: @realDonaldTrump is a real man of his word, he would help AMERICA. #TRUMP4PREZ
@kwrcrow: @realDonaldTrump Tell it like it is Sir. Don't pull any punches. Keep up the good work. I will, thanks!
My @WMUR9 u2018Close Upu2019 int. with @JoshMcElveen discussing the midterms, the new Congress, travelling to NH &amp; 2016 
If you want more, you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. --  Winston Churchill
@BenTrolling: @realDonaldTrump @EastonWestwood That isn't even a real number! Nice try, you will see Donald Trump by a landslide in 2016!
Congratulations to @NHGOP &amp; @AFPFNH for winning control of the State House &amp; Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!
#TrumpVlog South African justice- 
@hunterstiehler: @realDonaldTrump you have the type of business mind we need in office! #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016
My @FoxNews @gretawire int. on the border crisis, #BringBackOurMarine &amp; Obamau2019s ineptitude &amp; the economy   
@jmagiera: @realDonaldTrump right on, donald! your tweets on the Cent. Park 5 are the truth!
Located in the beautiful countryside of Mooresville, @Trump_Charlotte has a superb clubhouse &amp; top amenities 
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance.--Steve Jobs
@Hai: I couldn't agree more with @realDonaldTrump about the NFL becoming the No Fun League. I'm glad someone finally came out and said it!
Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party!
@southheastt: on this joyous holiday I am thankful to @realDonaldTrump for being the bright light that guides America home
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. A historic record!
@moose_taz: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Income down and cost of living up for legal citizens of America yep this is Obama America sad
Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it
@ChrisSergeant: @thomas Thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. There's Donald Trump for one.
@angelicaerazo_: @realDonaldTrump is a true entrepreneur indeed. Smart decision maker and a great leader. I admire you, Mr. Trump. Thanks!
@petewaite976: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs for #President2016, ratings for debate nights would blow @ApprenticeNBC right out of the water!
Trump Tower Punta Del Este features the Trump Organization's signature superior quality, detail &amp; perfection 
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on being named to 2014 @MLB @AllStarGame!
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is!
@Fox5Kyle @realDonaldTrump @Macys Your ties are the best hands down!  Thank you!
I don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! #Oscars
@CinderellaMan2: ! @realDonaldTrump explains #Obamacare perfectly. 
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase, @buffalobills should remain in Buffalo.
Real estate taxes are far too high @BriarcliffManor, Westchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio.
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!
@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump happy birthday Donald! Thanks for never being afraid to tell it like it is
@T_Fox8: @realDonaldTrump for president, the only quasi-politician who knows anything about how to run stuff.
@CashMoneyBonas: @realDonaldTrump I wish I was watching your presidency campaign instead of the oscars
We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!
@rtracingstables: Donald, you epitomize what America was and I hope will be again. Hard work and determination equals success.  Thank you!
@IvankaTrump: .@GolfDigestMag predicts that @realDonaldTrump is Golf's greatest builder today. #BlueMonster #Aberdeen #FerryPoint
@HOGdallas: @realDonaldTrump played Trump Scotland last Tuesday, weather and course - OUTSTANDING !! Thanks.
@Rzangrilli: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump @FrankCaliendo I missed it!! ud83dude2c when's the replay!! #epicmoments  9.00 a.m. ESPN.
@JoePerry: Always good to see @realDonaldTrump Rock and Rollin' at the Aerosmith show. Joe--it was great meeting you--fantastic concert.
@bryabntshirley1: @realDonaldTrump yeah Donald can't wait to see apprentice been too long
@Joshua_Weaver_: The @nfl needs the @realDonaldTrump! Happy Easter! @nflcommish
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran &amp; China get it
u201cNo person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.u201d u2013 Samuel Goldwyn
It is time for the airline pilots, flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!
@2ndClassClown: @realDonaldTrump Kimmel was way funnier than Meyers. I don't think I laughed once at anything Seth said.
My @971FMTalk int. with @DLoesch on #HandsOffMyGun, 2014 election results, stopping Obamacare, new Senate &amp; 2016 
@BeatsByRay: @realDonaldTrump Donald you're the man  Thanks!
@Jonhw46: @realDonaldTrump @greta your interview was great
Having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still, never underestimate knowledge!
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch and see if your question made it in- 
@gracem54: @realDonaldTrump seriously - USA could use a man like you running this country! We could be great again! #Trump2016  Thank you!
@christinelu: Donald Trump gets over $1 million to speak. Tony Blair $600K. Rudy Giuliani $270K. A Greenspan $250K. 
@GodFatha702 @AGSchneiderman Let's see if MSM reports it w/the same fervor they used when they reported the allegation. Thanks
@lovebautistafan: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpToronto @mdamelincourt By far the best hotel i've ever stayed at! Mr. D is tremendous.
@themurphyz: The @realDonaldTrump tower is crazy. Absolutely in love. @TrumpToronto #service #amazing #Mrzbirthday
u201c@PGAChampionship, @seniorpgachamp both headed to Trump coursesu201d 
@PianoBecca: This is the kind of atitude that made for the grate men in History Napolion Alexander the Great Richard ect DonaldTrumpu00a0rules!
@ODedOnRealityTV: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC My birthday's Jan. 3 &amp; #CelebApprentice returns Jan. 4. Nice birthday present. ;)
@therealTMac11 @TrumpSoHo My wife and I stayed there and not only is the hotel beautiful, but the service is outstanding. Thank you.
@KPPhotography38 @TheDailyShow  I'm on a flight heading to Chicago and I'm excited to catch a glimpse of that sign. Great, thanks!
@WinstonS6079W   I'm sure they're very proud of you and what your family has been able to accomplish They were great!
I think the @NewYorkObserver was far too nice to sleazebag @AGSchneiderman. Heu2019s got plenty more to worry about!.
Attention Arnold Palmer:  Happy Birthday, Arnold. There is no one like you --The King! @KingdomMag  
@MichaelTMorgan1: @realDonaldTrump @Honduran  I would love Donald to run.... Never seen such a lightweight administration that we have now
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.--  Ralph Waldo Emerson
@PianoBecca: Nothing more important for America to do then get it's house in ordure that means dump Obama PRONTO elect Mr.Trump ASAP! #Prez
Michelle Nunn will be a rubber stamp for Barack Obama. - @Perduesenate. GOTV for David this Tuesday!
@_xx_justme: u201c@realDonaldTrump: @realDonaldTrump I think you should run for president. So do many others - thanks!u201d You have my vote
W/a newly expanded 27 holes of golfing, Trump Intl.Palm Beach is ranked by Florida Golf Magazine as FLu2019s #1 course 
u201cWhen everyone works with the same energy, loyalty and focus, it makes for smooth sailing all around.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@SAKREV: @realDonaldTrump @erotao @IsraeliPM @netanyahu Mr Trump, it is undeniable that Obama hates Israel.
Whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right.  Henry Ford
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.  -- Albert Einstein
Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot
Join @autismspeaks, and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
@P01YN0NYM0U55:  @jamandatrtl #vaccines #Shills insist #Autism starts in utero or genetic, but parents insist sudden onset after #vaccine
u201cYou're never a loser until you quit trying.u201d - Mike Ditka
@Kennokevin: @realDonaldTrump After the pics i've seen, the sign makes the tower look great. Hands down best looking tower in Chicago.
@kaylorcc @realDonaldTrump loved you on Stern this morning. You always have a lot of interesting things to say.  Thank you. @sternshow
Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun!
Trump Natu2019l Westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in New York. A great place. 
@colleencpa Thanks Colleen!
@git921 @realDonaldTrump Loved you on @howardstern. Need to hear your brackets on a daily basis @sternshow  Great, thank you.
@JoyceGoodman64: @realDonaldTrump running the US is much like running a business, who better at that than The Donald? #Trump2016
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!
u201cWinning takes talent, to repeat takes character.u201d - John Wooden
@EricTrump  I officially accept @realDonaldTrump's #ALSIceBucketChallenge... Very good Eric, I am always proud of you  #StrikeOutALS
@SHMann55:DonaldTrump Good Morning Mr. Trump just heard you on @foxandfriends. El Presidente, Holder, Sharpton have set race back 30 years
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring @Trump_Ireland. I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization
Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!
@JasonGandy: @realDonaldTrump Donald why the hell don't you run for President. Business genius unlike @BarackObama. #2016
@InsideSouthFL: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump You guys are Amazing! The 2014 @CadillacChamp @TrumpDoral is #EPIC!
@MiznerGeek: @realDonaldTrump You do have awesome ties. I have several. @Macys  Thanks.
u201cThe belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.u201d-Winston Churchill
Just did final purchase on fabulous @LodgeatDoonbeg in Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links, Ireland. Very exciting!
@Grizz524  @realDonaldTrump thanks for getting me through finals week Mr. Trump  Good luck!
@tjcnue: @realDonaldTrump @FrankCaliendo Thank you both for appearing on @MikeAndMike making my ride into work this morning so enjoyable.
@AndrewZufel @realDonaldTrump You would rejuvenate the entire city of Buffalo if you bought the Bills &amp; kept them in WNY. @nflcommish
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: u201cTrump: 'Maybe Something Miraculous Happens' and Obama Will Succeedu201d 
Isn't it interesting that immediately after September 11th, everybody was asking for, and indeed demanding, torture of any kind. No reports!
@LickNenahan: why isnt @realDonaldTrump our president. our countries financial stability would be so much more secure.  Very true!
Welcome to the new reality! Moodyu2019s just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
@mbmirish: @realDonaldTrump congrats on your purchase in Ireland. How do I apply to work there? Write to manager Joseph - good luck!
@lutherice: @realDonaldTrump ties are amazing, very well made!
It takes guts to be a brand. You cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand. - Midas Touch
90 stories over midtown New York, Trump World Toweru2019s glass curtain wall is a true landmark 
@DonaldTrump2016: @realDonaldTrump if you were in Washington this country would be in better shape  Wow, thank you for caring so much!
REMEMBER, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a NOTHING, WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.!
@BizNashMan:  @utennjock:@realDonaldTrump please run for President.We need someone to save our country!REALLY? 
@GrecoCh I love how my kids know who @realDonaldTrump is but have no clue who our PM is. So what if we're Canadian. # NothingWrongWithThat
@tinaclean               n@realDonaldTrump when is your Vancouver BC hotel going to be finished? 18 months.
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. It will just never change for them!
@KEEMSTARx: If @realDonaldTrump was president, middle class would make more $. I honestly think he could keep Jobs in America! So true-easy
@OGRumple: @realDonaldTrump has my first presidential vote if he runs in 2016 !
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history, with Atlanta, Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone?
@BlakeHoagland: As one of my life-long role models &amp; someone I've looked up to in every aspect of life, you have my vote Mr. Trump!
They're going to riot in Ferguson no matter what.
@bxrocboy: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump was right. The NFL is ruining the game with all of the penalties. As a fan, I'm losing interest.
@MattGinellaGC  My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game, a dried out cow pasture. You have no clue but keep trying!
@natalie_gulbis: Donald Trump buys Turnberry 
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?
Watch this amazing ad from @autismspeaks and learn the signsu2026
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence, is the person who hired them going to be fired?
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.n -- Albert Einstein
@ASRteamMatt: @realDonaldTrump Now you have to listen to the bull when other people ran it into the ground.
@johnny4arizona: @realDonaldTrump A successful #Trump2016 bid would restore American exceptionalism, entrepreneurship, and leadership.
@menabazz_: @realDonaldTrump You inspire me.  Thanks
The acclaimed @TrumpChicago soars 92 stories high. Youu2019re either staying in @TrumpChicago or in its shadow. 
@chapmantew  Saw @realDonaldTrump 's Las Vegas hotel. The 24-karat gold infused windows are impressive! 
@PatsSoxFan71: @realDonaldTrump @AndrewKirell if you hosted the late show you couldn't run for president. #trump2016  That is true!
Donald Trump is confident that Ireland is ready for a big comeback 
My golf club @TrumpNationalNY in Westchester, a great place! 
THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH!
@jwpros: If @realDonaldTrump can build such a successful business,imagine the endless possibilities he could achieve as president! TRUE!
@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump Donald you should be President, with Bill O'Reilly as Vice P. You would both fight for the abused kids.
@Taylorstime: @realDonaldTrump @Joan_Rivers Donald you speak the truth .
@SAVEHICNO1: @realDonaldTrump YES MR. TRUMP YOUR A SHOE IN TO WIN. RUN DONALD RUN
@shawnrss: @realDonaldTrump @shanevanderhart I vote for Trump to make us all rich. Good call.
@andrew_schinds: I'd rather be golfing with @realDonaldTrump
@mkristin73: @realDonaldTrump so are you running for president? Time will soon tell, but if I do, our country will be great again!
Today is #VeteransDay. Let us be thankful for our nationu2019s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
@DonaldTrumpHub: Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett, Mogul Donald Trump Tweet Same Message ... 
@fahntastic24601: In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great, @realDonaldTrump!
@TreeSappp: @realDonaldTrump Helluva job Donald I expected nothing less. Speaking ur mind in this country is becoming extinct.
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!
@alextbailey: @realDonaldTrump  @Letterman If you run as Donald Trump and not a Democrat or Republican, the people will vote for you!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!
@johnyboi509: @realDonaldTrump for president #2016
@DiveejS: @realDonaldTrump Your hair is magnificent. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. What a nice guy!
@aphonapelma: @realDonaldTrump Love to hear those two little words ring through the halls of the White House: You're Fired!
@MrJPL: An Aussie @TrumpWaikiki, such an amazing place. Well done @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump &amp; happy Easter
.@PrimeMinisterSX has no clue whatu2019s going on in St. Maarten. Mullet Bay is a third world slum.
I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soonu2014long overdue.
@mwgfdn: Have u all seen the Trump episode of mighty planes? Its very cool how professional the captain/pilot is! The plane is 1of a kind!
@graciesavy: @HoustonGunn the next Donald Trump! Still marveling at your accomplishments, keep up the good work :)  Thank you.
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
@MichelleOH: Reading @realDonaldTrump tweets is my guilty pleasure.
Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so, will Obama apologize to him?
@NewYorkGOP  New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot!
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
u201cIf you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.u201d - Albert Einstein
@NoMoMartychenko: I love @realDonaldTrump! Great!
@michh_amber: Seriously if there is one person on earth who can save our country it is @realDonaldTrump ! Please run for president ud83dude4f
Sorry, @Rosie is a mentally sick woman, a bully, a dummy and, above all, a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful!
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference, he didn't say what we all want to hear,I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS
@gileshenley: @lukemckinney I read your @realDonaldTrump article, and reread the old one. #brilliant as usual! So colorful! Thank you!
.@guardian_sport by @mrewanmurray:u201cDonald Trumpu2019s transformation will make @TrumpTurnberry Open worth the waitu201d 
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
@rojeezee: @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE SO IN DEMAND IN THE MEDIA BUT WHAT WE REALLY NEED IS YOU IN DEMAND AT THE WHITE HOUSE #DONALDFORPREZ
@RealSQUEZZ: AMERICA WILL COME ALIVE AGAIN, IF ONLY @REALDONALDTRUMP IS VOTED IN. #PresidentTrump2016
Another historic first under Obama, businesses are collapsing faster than they're being formed 
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to watch you on @foxandfriends tomorrow. I'm sure you have some wise thoughts about #EricGarner
@TheKeshKid: @realDonaldTrump for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! #TrumpForPresident
@TheTyler_S: .@realDonaldTrump your line in Home Alone 2 is my favorite part of the entire film
@MWhitehurst542: @realDonaldTrump you're my hero. Run for president.
Happy 5th Anniversary to @TrumpWaikiki&lt;
@SouthernRambler: @realDonaldTrump @espn you were right on! Agreed with product on field is horrible
.@WhoopiGoldberg Donu2019t let @Rosie speak badly of you or try to bring you down. She is rude, crude &amp; not smart. She is not in your league.
@whitewolf2226: @realDonaldTrump @RussComments @yorkv01 Donald, get in there and take control of this nation for us!
@KraftyWurker: @realDonaldTrump Yeah gasoline prices are on their way down since #Trump started making threats &amp; demands of OPEC &amp; others.
They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.n-- Thomas A. Edison
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
@teresayarbor: @realDonaldTrump love that you say #MerryChristmas, not just Happy Holidays!
@trcyhwlls: @realDonaldTrump I heard the show and am now a fan. You were so honest and real! Thanks.
u201cMold yourself into the person who can do big things.u201d u2013 Think Big
@betsyscribeindc: @realDonaldTrump Begging you to run for President. You must save this country. You're the one who can do it. TRUE!
I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW!
@MichaelSteele: Can't wait 4 TrumpDC RT @realDonaldTrump: @ichicagoscott:  Thanks Michael, it will be the best -  keep up the great work!
@DragonMamba: @steve_hofmeyr  You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. Winston Churchill
Not so smart after all u2026 Man with name on Duke law library must pay me legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation.
@lindsey_shanks: #Donald  bought my favorite #dc building. New hotel coming in 2016 to #PennAve @ Old Post Officeu2026 
Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution, not the problem. Be persistent and alert--every single day. Momentum!
@reexaminelife  Monday I lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you ALWAYS exceed your customers expectations Thx.
Great advice from my mother: u201cTrust in God and be true to yourself.u201d u2013 Mary MacLeod Trump
.@TrumpChicagou2019s The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline 
Via @Mediaite by @evanmcmurry: u201cTrump Calls @AGSchneiderman a Cokeheadu201d 
@oben02: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.  @realDonaldTrump
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope!
.@Graeme_McDowell  You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer youu2019d be the champ. Great going!
@D_Cash_honey: @realDonaldTrump I get my inspiration for what I do everyday from you.  So nice, thanks!
My @NewsRadio610 int. w/@JackHeathRadio discussing Nickey S. Loeb 1st Amendment Awards Dinner &amp; @SenScottBrownn  
This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
My @IngrahamAngle interview on the border crisis, USMC Tahmooressi &amp; my fight for the American flag 
@aec4444: @realDonaldTrump please don't let the USGA ruin your course in 2017 like they did Pinehurst.  I won't!
@JamesDriscolli: Definitely true #success @realDonaldTrump 
@johnnydollar01: And people zinged Donald Trump for talking about Ebola. How is this Klain guy any more qualified?Actually, less qualified
AngieApon I think you should try wearing your hair combed back.  It looked good when you slicked it back Mr. Trump ;) #ALS May happen, thx
@D_Mellette: @realDonaldTrump for president 2k16
.@TrumpChicagou2019s The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline 
@GetsThruBuckner: America needs @realDonaldTrump
I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID!
@Dundee_Tam: @realDonaldTrump @dollymund yes Mr. Trump please run for the Oval Office and help bring the USA back to prominence.
May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't --General George S. Patton
Entrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
@BC4040: @realDonaldTrump Thank God it's over!
@DenizTweets @realDonaldTrump 16 and finished all your books. Awesome. Great--good luck!
The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty 
@southpaw_08: @realDonaldTrump for President!!!!
@pzharris: You have to love @realDonaldTrump Tells it like it is - no BS. Aren't you tired of all the BS?
Find something for everyone on your list with this Holiday Gift Guide from @TrumpSoHo, on @TrumpCollection's Tumblr: 
#TrumpAdvice 
@BackOnTrackUSA:We should be placing tariffs on Mexican goods coming into this country to reimburse the American taxpayer&amp;secure the border
@TheDougGrant: @realDonaldTrump Good advice for Romney during the last election - maybe this time he will listen.
Fact u2013 every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January, itu2019s time to move!
Looking forward to being @TrumpSoHo this evening for  Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral @TrumpDoral
Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today, #VeteransDay.
@TalismanJohnnyA Been waiting 3 WEEKS for my fix...D is the man and just states things 'the way they are'. Love his segments. Great, thx.
@Bugsben20: @ODINVIKING76 @realDonaldTrump right on Donald can't be bought like the rest of them!
@shelbytaylor3: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president, I would have hopes for this country again.
America's top public course @TrumpGolfLAu2019s greens on Palos Verdes Peninsula have been celebrated by @GolfMagazine 
Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory --  ObamaCare killing jobs, stopping growth and making small business insecure.
@Gmo7  Finally they're filming the celebrity apprentice! Can't wait for the next season ud83dude01 @realDonaldTrump  Soon!
@LAGalaxy: #TBT: Donald Trump meets a very uncomfortable-looking @LandonDonovan in 2006. #ThanksLD 
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
@trucksellr2007: 150 travelers arriving daily in the U.S. from the Ebola hot zones of west Africa? This is insanity! #StopTheFlights
@uwsp46: @realDonaldTrump @nfl ur so right about the nfl becoming a game Not worth watching anymore PC ppl have killed the game
.@TrumpChicagou2019s Spa has an array of 5 star services,12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms w/great views 
@SharkGregNorman Congrats on purchase of iconic Turnberry.Great course &amp; a special place for me.@The_Open 1986 Thx Greg, our great winner!
@LillyWinfree: @realDonaldTrump You are so wise!! I cant wait until youre president!! u2764ufe0fud83cudf89ud83dude0d#TrumpWinfree2016
@f9d5l: u201cPart Of Being A WINNER Is Knowing When Enough Is Enoughu201d By @realDonaldTrump
@Ralphige: Who knew al Qaeda had such good negotiators. Impressive 5 for 1 against the mighty USA @realDonaldTrump
South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES?
@VladimirRussia7: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas,my favorite billionaire! Thanks!
I was rightu2014TV ratings for US Open are way down from last year. People donu2019t want to look at a burned out, ugly course!
As we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp; internationally, hope is not a strategy.
On the luxurious Palos Verdes Peninsula @TrumpGolfLA features @GolfWorldUS' top public course &amp; elite restaurants 
@kunle_jimber                   @realDonaldTrump I just got one of your Ties such a nice brand. Great! Thx
@AskMrWhitey: @realDonaldTrump You have the finances and the name. And we have the votes... Get on it. Lets make it happen.
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you donu2019t know everything about what youu2019re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
I hate what has happened to the once great @CNN.
One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!
@MANNYSTEEZU: @realDonaldTrump should run for president. Thank you!
Wow, Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants!
Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable.
Via @ABC by @jonkarl &amp; @JordynPhelps: Donald Trump Says Jeb Bush is the u2018Last Thing We Needu2019 
@lp084: @realDonaldTrump Gosh you're an early riser. Is that why you get a lot done? It helps!
Must read quote by @EricTrump in @CNNMoney article u201cBuilders race to develop sky-high condo buildingsu201d 
@AngieDrue: @jimmcvey1 I hope all the R's will stay strong and stand up to O..we need closed bdrs, no common core, lower taxes for bns
@BackOnTrackUSA. What a dysfunctional Administration when Illegal Aliens get free &amp; better medical care then our Veterans. What a disgrace.
Thank you @GolfMagazine for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION - &amp; ALL TIME
@MaxKnoblauch: Im voting for @realDonaldTrump to b president of the WORLD n clean up this mess were in!!! And we are truly in a mess!
Home of @PGATOURu2019s @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral represents all that is Miami: energy, glamour, innovation &amp; luxury 
@61yellowjacket  Love  @TheApprentice inspirational, awesome businessman, teacher, &amp; great role model for all generations  Thank you.
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients, while others from the area are fleeing to the United States, is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols
@Jackshallis: @realDonaldTrump if u ran for president I would vote for you!
#TrumpVlog Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola? 
u201cBe ready for problems-youu2019ll have them every day. Keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.u201d u2013 Trump Never Give Up
@Helpful_Karen:T R U M P in lights ! Never turn the light out ! .trumphotelcollection.com/Chicago/ @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump Great job!
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam, it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greeneu2019s funeral
Sitting at the foot of the Whitestone Bridge, @TrumpFerryPoint is an 18-hole @jacknicklaus signature course 
@18_4_LIFE: @realDonaldTrump @caleb2207 You should get a job at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave!
@LinFlies: @realDonaldTrump Wow, u've attracted a lot sickos to ur Twitter acct. I suppose they r extremely jealous of ur success &amp; wisdom
@felberjosh: Happy #Birthday to an awesome business icon! Read my first Trump book at 14 which jump started my business success. Thanks.
@MateoHielo please buy @buffalobills Upstate NY would love to have you be the owner of our Franchise #prayersforJK Thank you.
@g3stover: @MattGinellaGC is barking up the wrong tree getting in a twitter war with @realDonaldTrump  I can beat him in golf even easier!
Obama: u201cI will control Ebola.u201d = Obama: u201cIf you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.u201d
Mike &amp; Mike in one minute!
@BSS8888: @realDonaldTrump Simple as that #TrumpForPresident
While I am a critic of President Obama, I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss.
@PuertoRicoOpen: u201c@EJmedshoppe: @PGATOUR @PuertoRicoOpen @realDonaldTrump course is beautiful. I played there in 2012.u201d
Via @PeoplesCompany: Real Estate Magnate Donald J. Trump to Headline 2015 @LandExpo in West Des Moines, Iowa 
@jrhennessy: There's only one man I'd trust to fight ISIS. That's right: @realDonaldTrump  Good choice, thanks.
Should have settled u2026 Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
@nikkio: DonaldTrump @greta Donald Trump helped out more than Obama did with #AndrewTahmoorissi -- The 25K check was a wonderful gesture.
@mkathleenhunter Donald, that's a wonderful picture of you and your Dad. You can sense his love and pride in you! Thank you.
@JAdamsEden: @realDonaldTrump Articulate &amp; concise as ever, leave it to Trump to identify the clear &amp; present economic enemy;-MEXICO!
@Nardokids:I believe you had a huge part in bringing our soldier out of Mexico. As the Mom of an Airman I thank you for your efforts.Thanks
@mindcontrolJPG: @realDonaldTrump i was just ranting about this to my wife! He has nothing and you're the only one honest enough to say it.
I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it!
@racrboi90: @realDonaldTrump What influenced you to go into politics? It will be the total incompetence of politicians and our leaders!
@reidtoth: @realDonaldTrump for president Thank you.
Negotiation tip: View any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way.
@zglittergirl: @lisa6654 @shellipep @realDonaldTrump ppl tweeted him &amp; begged him not to cast her. I wont watch this season. Yes you will!
.@TrumpLasVegas is Sin Cityu2019s most elite destination. Treat yourself to Vegasu2019 most luxurious hotel rooms 
@foossh:@GolfDigestMag @realDonaldTrump he has a point, fairways should be green. Scruff can be as bad as you want. Wouldn't pay top dollar
'Everything in Dubai': Learn from Emirate's rebound, says @DonaldTrumpJr 
@CarsonMotz: @realDonaldTrump you are my inspiration. Great, thank you.
@juanmalird: @realDonaldTrump hi Donald genius
Via @DailyCaller @NeilMunroDC: u201cObamau2019s Border Policy Fueled Epidemic, Evidence Showsu201d 
Wow, just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!
Via @GolfweekMag by @BKleinGolfweek: u201cDonald Trump reopens Doral's Blue Monsteru201d 
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!
Via @scj by @rodboshart: u201cTrump: Next president has to be 'great one'u201d n
The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
@ericleebow: @realDonaldTrump Will vote for you if you run. Thanks.
Al Sharpton said they are even making it more harder to register people to vote. Which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?
u201cDo not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.u201d u2013 Think Big
@TrumpToronto Congratulations to @TrumpChicago for a successful installation of Trump sign. 
@BeatsByRay: @realDonaldTrump You're a legend!!  Wow!
@RyderCup2014: All we can say is WOW! What would you say?@TrumpScotland #Aberdeenshire 
@dineroworkceo: @realDonaldTrump your a great inspiration to a lot of people!! Including myself!  Thank you.
@MCat7189X: @realDonaldTrump @sethmeyers Seth should just play the 'best of' Fallon. His show is a cure for insomnia.  So true!
@Noce82: @realDonaldTrump will you please run for PRESIDENT. I will #VoteDonaldTrump
@automobilelens: If The Donald were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more! Try to Trump that cowboys!
@CatheMazanowicz: We know you will respect the property...and bring new life to it. Putting Turnberry on my bucket list....  Great!
.@AllenWest  Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!
Where serenity meets luxury: Trump Natu2019l Jupiteru2019s Spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality 
@dj_dwain: @realDonaldTrump please run Mr. Trump. If anyone can save this country, it is you sir.
@Irishwill1344: Babe Ruth would have hated you, you know this right?!? u201cYou just can't beat the person who never gives up.u201d u2013 Babe Ruth
@mikeymerciless: Donald Trump for President! @realDonaldTrump Thank you.
@ShoretnTweet @realDonaldTrump did someone say #WineWednesday? Loved your winery in VA, brought a case back to Pottstown PA!  Great!
@jcartmell_2011: I honestly think he needs to run for president. I'd vote for him in a heart beat. Man's a genius!! Thank you!
My @FoxNews interview w/@seanhannity  
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton
@MarybethCostell: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE save our country, we NEED YOU AS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT.
@BeyerTristen: @realDonaldTrump A man of business and success, please run for president and fix this country ud83dudc4d
@IndyBuffaloJim:  All fact, but of course haters never check the DATA, your business decisions are sound &amp; you have the success 2 prove it
Iraq told us to get out, Iraq is now falling, and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL, and I mean ALL OF IT!
@hawkeye3073: @realDonaldTrump I know you hear this endlessly but you would definitely have my vote should you run in 2016 #MuchRespect
I'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. So much to talk about!
@not_that_actor PREDICTION: Things will be so bad in post-Obama US that Trump will be swept into White House in '16 
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!
@seaopdet1: Stand up and help us Trump!!! Please!!! Someone with some clout needs to do something to get the madman out of office!
@Michele_WV: @realDonaldTrump you are a winner.  Thank you.
@TheBigJamesG  staff at Trump Doral was amazing. Made my visit wonderful. Blue course is awesome. Doral as it should be Great, thanks.
Yesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare &amp; all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in.
@DeedeeGlaser: @realDonaldTrump @greta Donald..run for president plezzzzzzzz
If youu2019ve looked over the years,Iu2019ve been right on virtually every issue from Iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to China
@jeddprice: @realDonaldTrump Maybe the USA needs to cancel all the rest of Obama's vacations to actually deal with this.
@livinginthenorm: I find @realDonaldTrump and his tweets thoroughly entertaining!
One of the world's tallest buildings, @TrumpChicago is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options 
@Robhammond11: @buffalobills anyone who houses the great Jim Kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchise  It was my honor!
@rexarrowfilms: wow. #donaldtrump just hit 90 million...great moment for #TBT : 
@onlinebizxpress: We LOVE your business updates and insights. Don't waste your energy on politics. Business is where you shine.
@RyanKainec1: Please run for president. It's been a long time since we've had an honest president. You are called to do great things.
@SuccessCoaching: RT @realDonaldTrump Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money. - Johnny Cash
@BobbyEllis10: @realDonaldTrump for President. Please, at least make a run for it.
@JackWitty: @realDonaldTrump @sidelinesev ~Nice view. But BETTER ONE would be You sitting in the Oval Office.
@SolomonDodson: @realDonaldTrump someone as smart as you should seriously run for president!!!  Thank you!
@Gam: BarackObama as one of your employers.. Are you really just turning your back on Isreal??  Trump for #President I'm rdy 4 change.
@dejr5: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump &amp; Ben Carson 2016 Wow!
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!
@Lizzieliz__: #Chicago #Trumptower @realDonaldTrump 
@JeremyBurns: I'm voting for Trump in 2016. We need someone with his kind of amazing business sense to turn this country around #Trump2016
u201cThe way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.u201d u2013 Walt Disney
@dk_barnes1: #NowReading @realDonaldTrump 's Trump: The Art of the Deal ud83dudcd6
@mikhiett  This is what you have done; its called perseverance. Now persevere to the White House! #trump2016  Nice!
@AIIAmer: Famous Brit inserted himself into Russell Brand, Donald Trump feud - and chose a surprising side 
An investment in life, luxury &amp; leisure, a Trump Natu2019l Bedminster membership offers top amenities &amp; services 
@mfantauzzo1: please save this country Mr. Trump, going to take a business genius to clean up Obamas mistakes. You got my vote!
@brianfinn96: @realDonaldTrump Will you be coming to Doonbeg ??  Yes, very soon.
@HeisenBarry: Cant wait to see you in the Oval Office! @realDonaldTrump  Make America great again!
@dejr7: @realDonaldTrump don't keep us in suspense, r u running for Pres? You will know very soon, thanks!
@RWill9584: @realDonaldTrump Buying the Bills would be the best thing for not only the team, but for the city of Buffalo! @nflcommish
@DavidBougs: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends You'd be a winning candidate for an America starved for direct honest leadership in 2016-run!
I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime, but President Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoro, is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter!
@lisa_zeee: @realDonaldTrump &lt;-- this guy needs to run for president! Knowledge is power. #2016  Thanks!
With the record $200M renovations on track &amp; budget (a miracle in DC), Trump Intu2019l Washington DC is being built into a national marvel.
Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!
@midlandmainline @DMRegister Who else is as qualified as the Donald, it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one - Donald Trump
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
@aollom864: @realDonaldTrump Are gas prices going to skyrocket due to instability in Iraq? No,  due  to a weak and incompetent U.S. Govt.
@metalfirefrog: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio @aphonapelma trump would have my vote hands down
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
@jrmarsy: @realDonaldTrump do u think the republicans will force the lost emails to be found? No, it is not in them!
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.n -- Vince Lombardi
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
@KhadeejaNicolle: @realDonaldTrump if u run 4 #POTUS that's the only way I'll vote republican. Pls consider running. U'd be g8t!!!n Thanks
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Don't waste time treading water.
@sintianiej:DonaldTrump @InTheElections @southheastt Oh yes the next President of the United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
@Chuck_Kelly13 @frankpro @HarvickFan_4  He IS a damn good businessman and a wise investor. I'd say he'd run a great team. @nflcommish
@garyleelogan1: @realDonaldTrump ...I HEARD YA MIGHT RUN IN 2016....WE THE PEOPLE NEED A PRESIDENT..NOT ONE LIKE OWEBUMMA !
Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S., AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE!
.@TrumpNewYork is the only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; Five-Diamond restaurant in NYC 
@kbssidhu1961: @realDonaldTrump Just Do It!
@GolfDigestAU: Turnberry. Thanks Donald Trump for giving us a reason to show it. @newscomauHQ @dailytelegraph 
@mattfeierabend: @realDonaldTrump @moore2score it's by far my favorite Mac Miller song. Can't beat Donald Trump
@DavennT: If you have a problem with @realDonaldTrump putting Trump on his building, you need to reassess your life. Get. Over. It.
As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically, they laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson!
Via @chicagotribune by @bob_writes: u201c@TrumpChicago tower unit sets resale record at $3.99Mu201d 
Just put in ad for a real estate executive: u201cHard work, low pay, mean boss!u201d
The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading?
@LukeBryanOnline You were great on The Apprentice! Congrats on your Big CMA win. I promise I won't take credit for your successful career!
Via @theinquisitr: u201cAmericans Agree With Donald Trump, 58 Percent Want Flights Banned From Ebola Outbreak Countriesu201d 
@stevenowell: @realDonaldTrump don't normally agree with you but it  (Pinehurst)  looked like an absolute dump.
@1ChrisJoly: @realDonaldTrump Your ties are amazing.  Thanks.
@PatrickTrushell: Serious today..had to break out the @realDonaldTrump tie for this deal today.. 
The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- 
Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter
@DonCaasi: @realDonaldTrump: Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
@userback: @realDonaldTrump @IMill5 What do you say Donald? Run for President???
From ABC News: In Demand: Washington's Highest (and lowest) Speaking Fees  by Scott Wilson 
@Call4 @realDonaldTrump is one of the most successful businessman in America. He's decisions are well thought out and he always has a plan
.@mcuban says he is a member of Dallas National but doesnu2019t play golf. Who is a member of a golf club that doesnu2019t play?? No talent! @TMZ
@GZervs: All I want for my birthday is for @realDonaldTrump to wish me a happy birthday!  Happy birthday.
@Tbaldwin510Todd: @realDonaldTrump @bfc0312 I would love the ass whopping you would give to Hillary!
@vfroe: // I'm over 70 and have never seen such , arrogance, incompetence and Ill -intentions as this President and his aids.
@user33131: @realDonaldTrump: @1more77: @realDonaldTrump incredible interview on the @HowardStern show. Please please run for President!
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
@findaGolfbreak: RT@GTJourn Trump International Golf Links Scotland truly stunning Photo by @kaiame @TrumpScotland 
Via @PJMedia_com by @NicholasBallasy: u201cTrump Calls Election a u2018Big Blow to Obamau2026 I Think Heu2019s in Denialu2019u201d 
@bagomaan_87                          nNever learned so much from one book, you are a capital genius and people are just ignorant. Thx.
@jason_donoghue Delighted you are investing in Ireland. Great for our golf courses and our economy. Welcome to the emerald isle. Thank you
30,000 illegal immigrants with CRIMINAL RECORDS were released last year by our wonderful, though highly incompetent, government. So stupid!
@TimNaples: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @AberdeenshireCC Wind energy is a destructive force for wildlife.  True!
The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!
@puntjepunt1: @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfLinks you are from the MacLeod Clan!!!! NO KIDDING AMAZING!
u201cRemember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle, and the odds will be on your side.u201d u2013 Trump Never Give Up
@fucksammyy: I want you to be president! @realDonaldTrump Thanks.
@ryan5240 after playing the new course in Aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to Turnberry for a birthday present on Monday Great!
@Humphreychabu: @realDonaldTrump thanx DJT, ua my inspiration! Happy holidays
@stargazer3141: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! Our country needs you to fix this mess!
Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic.  Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
NYCu2019s sole hamman, the bi-level @TrumpSoHo features indoor &amp; outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services 
Imposing dunes on the Aberdeenshire coastline, @TrumpScotlandu2019s Championship course is a classical Scottish links 
@tina_louise_007: @realDonaldTrump I agree!!!!!
@pkitzke: @realDonaldTrump: Who goes first? Tell us......quick.  .Clowney
@NowThatOuimet  if Trump is serious about buying the #Bills &amp; keeping them in Buffalo, sign me up. Heu2019s a game-changer.  Thx  @nflcommish
@hardworkinmane: @realDonaldTrump I agree. U would think that with all of that oil money they would create their own fighting force.
@bturner12387: @realDonaldTrump 2016 is your year! Nobody better prepared to fix our country than you, please run
@SFC17972: @realDonaldTrump on point as always!
Wow, Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool!
To all haters and losers: I am NOT anti-vaccine, but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time.
Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!
@Richp2266: @realDonaldTrump @SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte Plus he has his own water. 
u201cThere can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.u201d - Margaret Thatcher
Congrats to Barack Obama on Aprilu2019s job report. Over 800,000 left the work force w/average hourly wages &amp; weekly hours staying flat. Bad!
@gabtrojan: @realDonaldTrump surely an amazing thing for America if you run the country. Great mind at work!  Would make U.S. great again!
@RealPro4Real: The best advice you can get in a book! Trump: The Art of the Deal 
@domjoly: @realDonaldTrump I can't help thinking how great the USA would be if you were president!
@YoChambers: @realDonaldTrump @toptv005 @VikkiTB we've had 16 years of bad presidents..war terrorism, bad economy etc...
@socalmike_SD: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Why do all u haters follow Trump...pathetic Good question!
@RamKindaGuy: @realDonaldTrump speaks the truth #TrumpForPrez2016
@domjoly:  @foxandfriends excellent- we'll expect a nuanced and interesting geopolitical discussion- you're the go-to-guy for sense..
@DScroggins3: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president in 2016.
@imnotsochey Really hoping I magically run into @realDonaldTrump in New York City this weekend!! He's an inspiration! Thank you.
.@WineEnthusiastu2019s highest rated wine in Virginia, @trumpwinery is the premier name in sophistication and quality 
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)!  Enjoy!
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.  Albert Einstein
@TheBrazilTrader: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE THE SIGN
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of @AmSpec for the fantastic piece on Benghazi. 
@SvenGunn: We played Trump Int'l last year. Spectacular golf course. Caddy Alan Neal made the day. @realDonaldTrump 
@MichaelShmikel: @realDonaldTrump if u don't run for prez I hope u r tapped for VP or Fed reserve chair or anything.  Thanks.
Disappointed the @NewYorkObserver article on @AGSchneiderman did not bring up his dealings w/ Shirley Huntley.  
@VladimirRussia7: @realDonaldTrump :Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!
@SamJabbo: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 or I'm moving out of the U.S  You sound very smart!
The Art of the Deal = #1 business book. Over 3 million copies sold. Forbes Article from Oct. 20, 2014. 
SSE slashes offshore wind investmentu2014wants British government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities   
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa, with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's!
@Cturner77 @realDonaldTrump @JimKellyInc would make a winning team as owners of the Bills.Let's do this! Go Bills! #BillsMafia @nflcommish
@Salvato231Janet: @realDonaldTrump @tlrchrstphrbrsn you got my vote
@Going4theGreen @realDonaldTrump's Int'l course in Scotland. Ian Andrew proclaims the robe the best I've ever worn. That's awesome.  Thx
Watch this video of my wonderful golf club @TrumpNationalCN in beautiful Colts Neck,NJ- 
@dmolesevich: I know who I'd endorse and give my money In a heartbeat and that's @realDonaldTrump please run!  Thank you.
@ajd5439 Visited Trump International Scotland yesterday, amazing golf course. #hole18 #Scotland #Trumpgolf 
@ragtopgirl12 @realDonaldTrump my son would be ecstatic!! Bills fan from 5 years old! @nflcommish
The United States, under President Obama, has truly become the gang that couldn't shoot straight. Everything he touches turns to garbage!
@Gdestefano95: Anyone else like to see Trump in office? He's an American patriot with real experience and a huge stake in the economy!
Always remember, SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
@SteveGutzler: In the end, youu2019re measured not by how much you undertake, but what you finally accomplish - Donald Trump
@HarveyPelovsky: @realDonaldTrump. We need you badly to run for President. You are a Patriot and we desperately need one. Run!!!!!!!!!!
@nsatte: @realDonaldTrump I'm a big fan. We just got a Trump mattress and it's great, like I knew your brand would be. From Serta!
@iMarle64: @MikeandMike Wow,an actual good guestud83dude33 @RealDonaldTrump keeping it real on his view of the #NFLud83cudfc8 #refreshing
@jjprl @TrumpDoral  what an amazing spot. Donald Trump &amp; his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself Thx
@DeejayWalmix: Everything @realDonaldTrump said right on the money! @Espngreeny @espngolic ud83dudcafu2714
Policy towards our enemies: Hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often &amp; then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website.
The @PGATOUR comes to Miami on March 6th when the @CadillacChamp returns to @TrumpDoral 
Via @itp_ab by @ctrenwith: 'Trump effect' will see Dubai properties rise 50%u201d 
@rrogers19: Please save this country. @realDonaldTrump
@SHMann55: @realDonaldTrump Good Morning Mr. Trump! Your comment's were dead on this a.m. on F&amp;F
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
The ultimate Golf experience, @TrumpTurnberry is a unique destination located on the beautiful Ayrshire coastline 
@rdodd104: @realDonaldTrump i agree it does seem crazy
@100BeachbumApp: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald - RUN!
@midnite_pumpkin: You're the man.We need you as our President. Not a man who gives free money away like candy.We work hard for our money!
@mooovin_on: No Bush, no Clinton, no RINOs, no golfing, no more handouts!! It's got to be @realDonaldTrump. Time for #Trump2016
u201cRemember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.u201d u2013 Think Big
@Zigmanfreud: Please thank @realDonaldTrump for his cool note to me supportive of the fight for justice for Joe Paterno.
.@TrumpChicagou2019s award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city 
@TLCr2: @jennyapples @realDonaldTrump @cnnbrk @CNN no thanks to obama
@shantig_tantig: The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if @realDonaldTrump runs for president #WeNeedYou
@debragarrett: @realDonaldTrump happy Birthday to one of my most admired men!!! Like a fine wine Mr. Trumpud83cudf77 Have a great Birthday! THANKS!
Opening in 2016, @TrumpVancouveru2019s original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft. &amp; 63 stories 
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman, the worst attorney general in the US, is in a tough election with John Cahill  @CahillForAG
Had @SenScottBrown asked me to do a robo call for him, I would have done it and he would have won.
@fgthegman: @realDonaldTrump @StarsEntLive @kevinjonas @IanZiering WHAT???? No Gary Busey?? Love the show! I'm sure it'll be great!!
MUST READ u2013 via @IBDinvestors: u201cVA Scandal Grows As Bonuses Went To Worst Hospitalsu201d 
@HunterBalthazor: @realDonaldTrump if you ran for president you got my vote. Fix the country!  Thanks
Individual commitment to a group effort  is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.n-- Vince Lombardi
@Hitoden  Sir, I've always respected you. I was born &amp; raised in Buffalo &amp; would love you as owner of the @buffalobills @nflcommish
.@Team_Mitch   Fantastic win, we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not.
@MandreinaHP                          nyou're one of my idols, from age 15 I read your books, at 18 I started my company. Thanks Great!
Think big, set your vision high, and go for it. You'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do.  - Midas Touch
@Bigbabygoulos: What will make you decide to run for President @realDonaldTrump ? America needs a leader that can guarantee change.
@NewstalkFM: u201cIu2019m going to invest a lot of money in Irelandu201d - @realDonaldTrump tells Newstalk's @bobbykerr 
@MSmoldt: @realDonaldTrump The American dream is alive and well good interview on @FoxNews this AM #GYTU u261dufe0f
@josephangel247: Without Passion you don't have Energy..without Energy you have nothing#Donald Trump
@cgrubb85:  If @realDonaldTrump doesn't run we are screwed #Trump2016
@BirdieFireGolf  @TrumpGolfDC  for hosting this special event for charities benefiting our brave men ... 
Summer's almost here, update your business wardrobe with Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys  
@top40mogul There is never enough Trump on @sternshow! Why not have him on the phone at least once per month? @HowardStern Thanks!
Photos from the @ApprenticeNBC press conference- 
Celebrate Thanksgiving @TrumpNewYork with exclusive viewing access to the 88th Annual @Macys Thanksgiving Paradeu00ae  
ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums, decreased care &amp; loss of jobs but now .1% Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
#TBT It is great being part of Home Alone 2, a holiday staple. 
@HouseMusicTV: You were amazing on @HowardStern last week, WELL DONE, you have our vote, for what ever ! @realDonaldTrump
No wonder boxing is close to dead!
@ma.Has anyone mentioned to @realDonaldTrump that Celebrity Apprentice is a brilliant concept?Celeb egos feed content. Masses eat it up!
5 year old Trey has terminal cancer. I'm helping him go to Disney, won't you? 
@joelledoucette: @realDonaldTrump FINALLY! Someone who gets what is really going on in this country! Please consider fixing it! #2016
Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching @ESPN. Then he plays golf, fundraises &amp; grants amnesty to illegals.
@shanevanderhart:  @realDonaldTrump in Iowa: Next President Needs to Be Great, Not Just Good - 
@CherylMossTyler: @realDonaldTrump thank you for stand on child vaccinations. 35yr ago 1 child in 3 counties. Now 3 classes in some schools
Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!
@JamieeMingg: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpForPresident #trump2016
@spabusinessmag: .@realDonaldTrump to create US$200m hotel &amp; spa in The Old Post Office, Washington DC 
@GTman1988: @realDonaldTrump please buy Pinehurst next!  And fix it - make it beautiful again!
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare, thereby destroying their economy!
Via @LasVegasSun by Eugene R. Dunn: u201cImpeach Obama and elect Trumpu201d 
Offering two championship courses, @TrumpGolfDC has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017 @seniorpgachamp 
@scottgumbleton: Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland,  voted best course on the planet by American Academy of Hospitality Sciences
Lucky for New York, highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope @AGSchneiderman @CahillForAG
@RiskyLiberal: @realDonaldTrump Donald, you are the smartest man ever, and the most visionary!  Thanks!
There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting &amp; boring!
@markmilliken21: @realDonaldTrump @GeneralTso316 I own a few DT ties from Macy's, best ties I ever purchased...good stuff!!  Thanks.
Photo from @IvankaTrump of Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland  
.@TrumpLasVegas' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
A poll of the Miami-Dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in Miami.   @willweatherford @FLGovScott  
@Retrogirl01  He sure has my vote! It's time we get someone in there that has a brain! A business mind to clean this mess up! Thank you!
@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump is Xmas present I want 2016! Not just a Happy Holiday! The MOST IMPORTENT day in the world if #TRUMP is PREZ!
I'm not saying to not give vaccines, I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child.
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump I think you should be Time's person of the year
@ScotlandGolf1 @IvankaTrump @TrumpScotland  It is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients. Thank you.
@DamnitJustin: @realDonaldTrump just saw Trump Tower in Chicago. It looks great.
@amirite_: @realDonaldTrump never got why seth meyers was funny, good point!
#TrumpAdvice 
@tpratt31:Just saw the iconic DonaldTrump while watching #homealone2 and he looks exactly the same 22 years later! What's in the NY water?
@dallasnews: Ex-Cowboys RB Herschel Walker: Like Jerry Jones, Donald Trump would be a great NFL owner.  @nflcommish
@ESPNNFL: Our @FrankCaliendo was AWESOME as as Bill Belichick, Ron Jaws, Donald Trump and Jerry Jones. MUST WATCH: 
On @foxandfriends in two minutes!
@txblondegrad: @realDonaldTrump @IMill5 I'd vote for Trump in a heartbeat. No question. Good decision.
In the very least, Congress must defund Obamau2019s unconstitutional amnesty order.
@jsimonwc: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC who cares what it looks like! Pros aren't complaining. Yes they are, just ask Bubba (&amp; viewers)
Congratulations to @NYCParks on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!
Right To Play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. A great cause--check it out. 
@Chuck_Kelly1  I'm not even a #Bills fan and I know they belong here! Devout fans + Trump owned = #Buffalove4Life @nflcommish
@BobLafleur1 @realDonaldTrump good job on @HowardStern you really are an inspiration you need your own radio show!  Thank you.
@DrJoshMiddleton: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump, please consider the presidency rather than NY Gov race. The country is a mess.
@M_Brannstrom @realDonaldTrump inspires me. Every day.  Thank you.
@homesbyjeff: u201c@realDonaldTrump: @fahntastic24601: In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great, @realDonaldTrump!u201d
Via @newhampshirecom:u201cTickets on sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trumpu201d 
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.  u2013 Steve Jobs
@dawson_Stock: Don't forget. Global warming can also mean earth is getting colder! That way they cover both sides of the fence!
@jjprl: Just left @TrumpDoral what an amazing spot. @realDonaldTrump and his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself #doral
@jlk5253 @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago I love the sign. It is tasteful and classy, just like everything you do. Thank you.
.@MagicJohnson  Good luck with the Dodgers this season, if they were like you they would never lose a game!
@Versongoetrix: @realDonaldTrump If you run for president I will absolutely vote for you and so will my family/friends!~ Great!
@JustinRose99 Nine holes @ Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland, the course is amazing. Thanks Justin, play well this week.
He who demands little gets it. - Ellen Glasgow
@CarrollGroupCHI                             @TrumpChicago Sign is looking Great!! Pic attached 
@VinceMcMahon: Way to go @realDonaldTrump, what a good sport. 
@CatheMazanowicz: @realDonaldTrump God bless you for the jobs for so many unemployed! Can't wait for the new hotel! Fabulous, as always.
@MoshoodAluko: Happy birthday to an American icon and a real estate el-supremo... @realDonaldTrump  Thanks.
Next Tuesday, remember how our president has not lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. He only wants illegals to cross our border.
Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana, but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT.
@zfry007: @realDonaldTrump run for office!
Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (&amp; standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama!
If you want to be successful, two important considerations are passion and efficiency. - Think Like a Champion
@fishingmaniac @realDonaldTrump Thank you for supporting American values. That's easy!
I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week
@laurence_hasson  Heading to Toronto for for a stay at the Trump. I expect it will blow my mind.  Great--enjoy! @TrumpToronto
Via @Inc by @steelwire: u201cDonald Trump u2013 To Micromanage or Not To Micromanage?u201d 
@LyricalmafiaRum: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP-A-MANIA NEEDS TO RUN WILD AGAIN IN AC! So true, after I left it lost all energy and spirit!
@PianoBecca: Amercia really needs a man like @realDonaldTrump. And why settle for LIKE him? USA needs TRUMP!  Thanks!
Just spent two days in Ireland at Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel -- absolutely magnificent. 
@MarieDAnnunzio: @realDonaldTrump your a very smart man and more people should follow in your footsteps Thank you!
@MarkMurphy21: @realDonaldTrump looking very sharp sir #TriUMPhant 
@krb117: u201c@IvankaTrump: @CoachDanMullen Welcome to #TrumpDoral and good luck on Wednesday! cc:  #OrangeBowlu201d well well.. #HailState
Wow, @GolfMagazine just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time!
Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept.
@Matthew_Erdman: DonaldTrump You built a beautiful high-rise, you pay your taxes, you should be able to put up whatever signage you want.
@Newsmax_Media: u201cDonald Trump: ISIS 'Awakens the Lion' With Journalist Beheadingu201d (includes @foxandfriends video)n
@JohnStoli: @realDonaldTrump nbc relies too much on an out of touch Lorne Michaels
@iambedmatrix  Mr. Trump, when is the announcement of Miss Universe Host City?  We love you and your pageant, we just want to know Soon!
@CahlRStorrie: I follow @realDonaldTrump because he's a great entrepreneur. Can't get better than him. Thanks!
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
@RealSQUEZZ: @Realdonaldtrump IS A WINNER, THAT'S WHY HE WILL RUN FOR PRESIDENCY!!!!!!! #Trump2016 FOR SURE!!!!
@tray24u1: @realDonaldTrump: If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?
@abaker20:  @realDarrin I'm so excited for this upcoming season of #CelebrityApprentice. This looks like it's going to be amazing
@Prayformetoo @realDonaldTrump @wesbart53 How long would Obummer last on The Apprentice Donald?  #theapprentice No comment.
In memory of Joan Rivers- watch when she became my Celebrity Apprentice- which meant so much to her! 
@oasisjosh: If I was an American I'm sure I would vote for @realDonaldTrump for president.
Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember, itu2019s only business and there will always be another day!
@dchamp5810: @realDonaldTrump @indigoblue65 You are the greatest and You can make this nation #1 in the world just as it once was....
Congratulations to @rushlimbaugh on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!
@TheRxElite: @realDonaldTrump loved your time on @MikeAndMike today. Great points and views.
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted, and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders
Sorry, for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp; Friends on Monday A.M., no go - in Dubai.
@seancourt: @realDonaldTrump we need a great leader like @realDonaldTrump to take this country where it belongs
To Jamie Dimonu2014I love kicking lightweight @AGSchneidermanu2019s ass. Stop settling and fight!
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire.
@A_Roy0317: The Celebrity Apprentice is back January 4th and I can't wait to see @realDonaldTrump pick people apart in the boardroom.
@ladykingadejavu: Perfect moment with an inspiring #book. Thank you Mr Trump :) @realdonaldtrumpu2026 
@sgrayva: @realDonaldTrump didn't don imus make that same mistake  Yes!
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork for being named #1 Best Business Hotel in NYC in @TravlandLeisure's 2014 World's Best Business Hotels.
@sperzelgal @realDonaldTrump thanks for your inspiration keeping things real  Thank  you.
I canu2019t believe that Prime Minister @David_Cameron is giving massive subsidy to Scotland to destroy itself with windfarms.
As I have said, the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY!
Whereu2019s the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up @GOP!
@PGWELLMAN: You have influenced me to become an entrepreneur, I am still preparing my business plan. You're a good man, and thank you.
@KillianZane: I'll be the vp for @realDonaldTrump when he is president You would be better than what we have now!
@keithrh: How long do you think the United States will take to recover from our current administration? A long time, unless I become Pres.
@BrianGirardot: @realDonaldTrump @jijassim Greatest sign in all of Illinois!!!
u201cThere is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.u201d  -- Dean Smith
.@Zagat named Christmas Day Brunch @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago one of the best in the city! #TrumpHolidays 
@DeirdreCulligan I am delighted that you are getting to experience Doonbeg in glorious sunshine - enjoy your visit  It was fantastic, thx.
Terrible for the economy &amp; middle class, gas has now been over $3/gallon for a record 1,245 days 
@fackinpeter: I don't care what @Time says, @realDonaldTrump is my person of the year
@FeyerWoman74: You sir, are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader. We need a proven businessman who is a born leader!
@Antonhomann  I've really come to like @piersmorgan - probably @realDonaldTrump's best #CelebApprentice He was smart and tough!
Best of luck to @chucktodd on his @meetthepress debut this Sunday.
@welsh @realDonaldTrump you have made some great courses, but dont think that gives you the right to comment on every golf course! I agree!
@matthewhkurth: @realDonaldTrump played Trump Bedminster once...will never forget it.
@Dardonyc16 You bought Turnberry? You own 2 best courses/ resorts in Scotland/ World now! You're a legend! Get a Kilt now!  I'll have to!
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!
@milagyi: @realDonaldTrump i don't follow politics but i know if you ran for president i would vote for you!!! 
That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
Via @dallasnewsu2019 @neighborsgo by Heather Noel: Shelton School graduate receives handwritten note from Donald Trump 
@mkristin73: @realDonaldTrump I honestly don't doubt it. We need a real leader in there.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. And never give up!
Obama just stated he didn't take school seriously, made bad choices and GOT HIGH - then how the hell did he get into Columbia &amp; Harvard?
The #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder @CNBC ratings are going down the tubes.
How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work?
@nabalab: @realDonaldTrump with Wrestlemania coming up, any chance of renewing your rivalry with @VinceMcMahon? #YoureFired Ask Vince!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.n -- Winston Churchill
@JeniferStevens @danarigdon Every Trump property I've seen or played including courses and hotels redefines perfection Great, thank you.
@peterf101 I wish #DonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump would run for President, I think he would be a great one.  Thank you.
@wesbart53: Watched his speech yesterday...pathetic. Carter-esque, weak. His delivery is so cautious not to offend, absolutely zero  True!
@FrohawkMahDude   I liked @realDonaldTrump, but the more u tweet, the more I love you man. #TrumpsBills #billsmafia  @nflcommish
A top rated NY course by @GolfDigestMag, @TrumpNationalNY provides award winning services and exceptional facilities 
@CareyTim6: Hope @realDonaldTrump runs for President in 2016..... #Trump2016
Entrepreneurs: Absorb, assess, and then act. Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it.
Dopey @ariannahuff should force her reporters to be accurateu2014if she has that power.
The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
@Dietztaa_9: If Donald Trump ran for president, he'd have my vote based on his Twitter account alone
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing, just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!
Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on @FoxNewsSunday. Like father, like son.
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
@AkomolafeJoseph: @realDonaldTrump @Aaron  I have read it back to back - where i get my motivation from. Donald Trump is a rare gem. Nice!
@benfromdallas: If i tweet anything in 2015, it should be @realDonaldTrump for President if the World wants to see another 20 years.
@seankesser: @Ross_7_7 @4politics2 @lonepatrick Trump is a winner. EVERYONE knows that.Some LOSERS don't acknowledge it yet follow him
@OrangeBlood16 #Syracuse is about to be a little more lively, @realDonaldTrump to visit for Republican fundraiser Looking forward to it!
@BohanMewbohan: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump I would vote for #Trump for #President any year.
@ItsBenHorsfall: @realDonaldTrump I live in Australia and am hearing about you maybe running for president, is this true?  Stay tuned!
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences 
@MauriceConcha  Thanks!
Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.
@james_dodenc: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump I hope you will be running for president in 2016. Obama's Incompetence Crippled America.......
I've never seen anything like it, everything he touches turns to gold!  So nice, a quote by Fred C.Trump about his son Donald (me!).
@KaelaDianne97: @realDonaldTrump is the only man fit to run our country. What a knack for politics and business, WHAT A MAN!! Thanks.
Advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:  Know everything you can about what you're doing.
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
Congratulations to Bill Ou2019Brien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved. A great guy.
@Nancy_Miracle: @realDonaldTrump please run for President. You would be a wonderful leader Thank you!
@SmithToddM @TrumpTowerNY after i read The Art of the Deal i made it a goal to visit Trump tower. I visited in 91. Breathtaking. Thank you
@scottienhughes: @realDonaldTrump It falls second to @ApprenticeNBC in my book &amp; it's not near as competitive!  So nice, thank you!
@sashamajerovsky  Thanks Sasha!
If you're going through hell, keep going. -- Winston Churchill
@foxesden8: 4 days till @TrumpTurnberry @realDonaldTrump YeeeHa!!!! Can't Wait!!
@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump Great way to start Monday today D, tellin' it like it is.. We need somebody in office like...um... YOU?
A former Miss New York is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in Sundayu2019s Miss USA pageantu2014beautiful! 
@TimShurr: In Las Vegas doing a sales seminar. Staying at the trump hotel. Awesome place to stay! @realDonaldTrump 
From the Wall Street Journal: Google Steps Into Autism Research re @autismspeaks 
@IbeJakeB    Just read  Midas Touch cover2cover. Tons of notes for @FlowWraps thank you &amp; Robert too! Thank you, good luck!
President Obama, NOW, bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa, before it is too late, AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!
@IDollyLenz BEST on Mkt! We've rented these amazing homes forever! Sales too. 2 highest apt rentals '13 
@IamEbbot: @realDonaldTrump Jesus would be so proud of you Donald...
@ModivMusic I've been reading @theRealKiyosaki books and about WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read! The Art of the Deal
@realjuliemallen  indeed she was Mr.T she also looks like she was beautiful person as well  Great moms matter they shape who weR Thank you
Must read @ConservReview article by @JeffJlpa1: u201cJeb Bush and the Outsidersu201d 
My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!
.@foxandfriends in 15 minutes!
@CameronM_: I would vote @realDonaldTrump as president!
@katwatson59 Thanks Kat!
The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres, the politicians whine!
@RDPomin: @realDonaldTrump Trump needs his own Late Night Show!
@odonnelltw: @realDonaldTrump Pinehurst #2 is what happens when environmentalists take over the USGA!
@BruceBeck4NY: All eyes on @realDonaldTrump @MGA1897 press conference for 99th Met Open at spectacular Trump Bedminster! See you there B!
@hwpal: @realDonaldTrump Voting for DonaldTrump16 is voting for the essence of being American &amp;the value of great capitalism #trump16
Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS &amp; al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East?
@TheBrianM: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio I can't believe they haven't fired Rosie yet. They will, soon!
@ZachDikowski: @realDonaldTrump run for president please!  Thanks.
Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. Bad interviewer, marbles in his mouth!
@Maxinerunner: @SenScottBrown served in Army NationalGuard for 35 yrs with honor &amp; will serve #nhpolitics the same! 
@MarvinEscobars: TRUMP = TRIUMPH = TRUMP Find the differences?? Next president!! @realDonaldTrump
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.n -- Steve Jobs
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
@CaliPaulMichael                     n@realDonaldTrump do you love interacting with fans as much as we do with you?? Yes.
@TMZ_Politics: Say what you want about this: #ISIS would not exist under President @realDonaldTrump
Best speech in #GoldenGlobes history- 
@sobakawa89: @realDonaldTrump  He'll never run, can you really imagine Trump putting all his wealth in a blind trust? I' ve done worse!
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.n-- Benjamin Franklin
u201cRunaway Obamacare Spending Will Cost Democratsu201d 
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp; care!
@alsinclair11: @realDonaldTrump should honestly be our president...
@ChazKShand: @realDonaldTrump Run for president! We need a leader, not a politician! So true!
Many people have said Iu2019m the worldu2019s greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!
@TweetingAutism Please support our #AutismMayDay campaign highlighting unmet medical needs of people with #autism 
@ThePodiumEffect: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Donald Trump 
@subirchowdhury: Early morning moonset in Pacific Ocean @TrumpGolfLA Trump Golf LA in Rancho Palos Verdes 
@_blakecox: @realDonaldTrump mac miller pay you yet??               90 million hits and no payment yet, but he's been dead since Donald T!
u201cThe best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.u201d u2013 General Douglas MacArthur
#FlashbackFriday Many big movies have filmed in my buildings. Here is @TrumpChicago in #Transformers 3. 
@RobertUndefined: This is where @realDonaldTrump needs to be the President.
.@Andre_Reed83  Thanks for your nice words. You are a real champion. Iu2019m pushing!
A-Rodu2019s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
Just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are, here is my @foxandfriends interview- 
Some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said I was a big inspiration to them + pls RTu2014out of kindness I retweeted. Maybe Iu2019ll sue.
Via @reviewjournal u201cEvent offers glimpse of Trump high lifeu201d by Holly Ivy Dore 
@CPcoasterguy94: Always caught off guard when @realDonaldTrump makes the appearance in Home Alone 2 ud83dude04
@WinPropP: @realDonaldTrump Time for a great President You are needed urgently
@dianepalmer6997 Drove by Turnberry hotel last night weather excellent, piper playing outside hotel iconic scene, absolutely marvelous Thx
@MikeBayham: watching Home Alone 2 on AMC, first time in decades...didn't realize @realDonaldTrump was in it. I was!
The Dunes of @TrumpScotland are a world treasure threading thru @GolfWorld1u2019s Scotland top Par 72 7,400 yd course 
@HN_JAD: @realDonaldTrump - you would rock the house as Prez! #GOFORIT
Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW!
Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
Obamau2019s promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad.
@vicki_cedeno: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President? That would be so awesome! Nice!
@nmoran361: @realDonaldTrump Powerful book , thank you!!! 
#TrumpVlog China is laughing at U.S. 
@HOVG: @robcesternino Johnny Damon talks @ApprenticeNBC and working for @realDonaldTrump. 
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Watch this tour by @TrumpIntRealty's @M_Griffith1 of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Avenue-
These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the @usopen 
@adamhasasneh: u201c@Scott__Marx: Can't wait to see @realDonaldTrump run for president and win #Trump2016u201d @MatthewMercer7
.@TrumpChicagou2019s river, lake and skyline views in each of its deluxe 5 Star guestrooms 
@bloopcrew: #TrumpForPresident @realDonaldTrump we want TrumpCare and a president who has proof he is a real American
@Bugsben20: @realDonaldTrump run for prez the country needs you!
@MikeM @realDonaldTrump Who the heck is Arianna Huffington anyway? Shouldn't somebody check her green card (if that even matters anymore)?
@tedbishop38pga   Thanks Ted, see you at the show!
I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!
@buff1414: @realDonaldTrump @sethmeyers Enough Donnie. Stop busting the guys balls.  Why, he's a total loser!
@mikevargovich: You see what youu2019ve gone and done, @BonJovi? Iu2019m rooting for @realDonaldTrump. #Bills #KeepThemInBuffalo @nflcommish
Via @StarsEntLive by Nick Ricko: u201c@kevinjonas, @IanZiering In Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC First Looku201d 
@lutherice: @realDonaldTrump you're ties are fantastic
Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
@oates_tom: @realDonaldTrump I think if you run you'll get a lot of people that wouldn't normally vote.....vote for you  Thank you.
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!
@THENobodySpcl: @realDonaldTrump but can you get him to stop sucking at his job?  That would be, sadly, impossible.
Must read @IBDinvestors editorial: u201cChild Alien Crisis Obama's Fault, But GOP Won't Pounceu201d 
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the Ebola Czar, just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke
@selbyke: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas stayed last month, great time, great service, great pool &amp; great view of 'The Strip' from room!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
@ChuckNorton1: I am reading The Art of the Deal by @realDonaldTrump . I should have read it a long time ago. A must read of must reads.
@saladgyrl: @RockChalkSpence  Someone I know has a child who had a seizure within minutes of a shot in Dr's office, was autistic after.
@Tacosandmore @realDonaldTrump just rocked trump collection for interview. Great shirts Thanks.
@scrt22 @realDonaldTrump for all of your faults, whole lot of common sense coming from this twitter account. Thanks, sort of!
@accidental_boss: Mr. Donald Trump for president we need a leader who is SMART for once #donaldtrumpforprez @realDonaldTrump
@GropperBlotter:I've been listening to @Espngreeny &amp; @espngolic for years.The @realDonaldTrump interview today is an all-timer, sensational
@TheTrueAnthony: Sunday nights this Spring just aren't the same without @ApprenticeNBC. How much longer? Shooting now, on in the FALL.
@TopSecret_PT: @realDonaldTrump - Ireland, Scotland, Dubai! Do you ever sleep?  Not much!
@CMSKPK: Watch out, Sir! My daughter and I are the next Donald &amp; Ivanka! I'm coming for you...with a business proposal, of course!
@iDSoutherl @realDonaldTrump Conservatives can't afford to be sidelined again, they need a viable candidate for the WH... Run Donald Run!!
We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all, Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great!
@Chazman321: @realDonaldTrump You should run for POTUS, I would back you 110%!
@ilenayankoviak: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016?
@Luigiboria  Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to Doral/Miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success!
@steventobiasz: @realDonaldTrump was in Home Alone 2 
@jenna_w: My parents asked me what I wanted to do after high school and I remember I say there and said I wanna be like DonaldTrump. Thanks
@BenTrawlins: @realDonaldTrump Hitting the Ice over at @TrumpRink ! World Class!!
@DurandSentinus @TeddiLocke I would vote for you because you believe in and love this country like Ronald Reagan &amp; the Founding Fathers did
@fastercarrrrrrr: @realDonaldTrump why are you not running for president in 2016 We'll see what happens!
@IanAnderson13: If @realDonaldTrump ran for President i would vote for him!
@mark_brown_pe: A great man once said Don't tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!
Entrepreneurs:  Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
@MarcoGio13 Been listening to @realDonaldTrump speak words of wisdom on YouTube every night. He really needs to be our next president  Thx
@carlideibel7: @realDonaldTrump Run for president  Thanks Carli.
@KenCageRepo @TrumpDoral  That is absolutely SPECTACULAR.  Although for the Trumps, its called normal.  Amazing job.  Thank you.
@IgnaciusG: @realDonaldTrump @greta You are awesome, sir! Thank you for gifting our marine!
It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast!  It's now CLIMATE CHANGE
@frickylie: @realDonaldTrump so excited for new season of celebrity apprentice. Been a big fan since like 4th grade  Great!
President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader, was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him
@gregazar: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump Calls Out Obama Thank you for calling out this idiot!
@GetawaysGolf: If I could write one book in the next 5 years, it would be following the DonaldTrump and @TigerWoods partnership in Dubai
Vancouveru2019s most anticipated hotel &amp; residences, @TrumpVancouver will unveil Canadau2019s first Mar-a-Lago Spa 
@Kalozap: Obama's mind, IsIs, ebola, etc.... and then thinking, boy I wish I was on the golf coarse. What should I wear on the Links
@RealAlexGiles: My favorite building in Chicago @realDonaldTrump 
@mwz524: Nobody knows location location location like @realDonaldTrump beautiful view from the terrace in Chicago 
@iosuahh: It feels good working overtime &amp; knowing your next check is gonna make you feel like Donald Trump for a day. ud83dude02  Cute!
@Salon:Krugman furious with MSNBC: Why don't they just hire Donald Trump and be done with it? And their ratings would go way up, and fast!
@IamTN_Cheru: RT @realDonaldTrump: Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
@HommerGSimpson: @realDonaldTrump Please Please think about running in 2016
If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of townu2014(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair)!
u201cSuccess isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.u201d u2013 Mike Ditka
Please, @21Club, go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me, it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
In any business, there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times.
@vlasaro: @realDonaldTrump You inspire me to keep going on every day
@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump @CJM8112 Can't you just imagine how awesome the country would be if he was president?! Thanks and true.
@dj_dwain: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump. I truly enjoy your insite and opinions. Please run for President, the USA needs your leadership.
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied &amp; called Americans u201cstupidu201d on ObamaCare, many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming.
Via @DailyCaller by @NeilMunroDC: u201cTrump Wants Ebola Travel Banu201d 
@CarmineValenti: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President,everyone will vote for you.Oh yeah and buy the Mets, They'll be 162-0 every year
.@MarkBurnettTV and his incredible wife @RealRomaDowney did a fabulous movie, @SonofGodMovie- see it!
ObamaCare strikes again. Major insurer announced that over 53,000 New Yorkers will be dropped from their plans 
@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump my econ teacher says ur the only one who can fix the economy. if you run my whole school will vote for you.
@BackOnTrackUSA:While Obama is partying at The WH with corrupt African leaders, Christians are being killed by ISIS with American weapons.
I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida, Trump International Golf Club.
@CelebBiach                        n@realDonaldTrump @IrishCentral @LodgeatDoonbeg welcome to Clare! Thank you!
@TrumpChicago: Great to hear! u201c@GolfTravelerBOS: @realDonaldTrump My wife is at @TrumpChicago right now and loving her room. Top notchu201d
@Carmelcandi68: The ISIS thug who murdered Amer James Foley may hv been Gitmo detainee 
.@FLGovScott: Amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!
The next generation of luxury, @TrumpVancouver will be the icon of the Vancouver skyline 
Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact!
@BoogBannon: Can't wait till @realDonaldTrump is president I don't blame you, things would get really good, really fast!
@bluestar4fan: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Been a long time since CNN was great. Could learn lessons in greatness from you and FOX News. True!
@hufseyg: @realDonaldTrump I convince my teachers daily why you should run for president ud83dudc81
Via @TVGrapevine: u201c@ApprenticeNBC: Premieres Sunday, January 4, 2015u201dn  
@Frannyfine31: @realDonaldTrump I would finally register to vote if you ran. You would be an awesome president. @panda9103 @ParentSeitz
Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people!
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
@Marleykush__: Vote Donald Trump for president!!!!!!!!!! @realDonaldTrump
@tiberias84. Thank you! @macy's
Thank you to @GolfweekMag for naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland #1 -- GB&amp;I Best Modern Course  -- A great honor!
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
@ChampagneGlam: @politico @realDonaldTrump Card was the best
@VRafaaa: @realDonaldTrump What grade 1-10 you give to the reign of Gabriela Isler ??? Greetings from Brazil!  She gets a solid 10!
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
.@TrumpDoral offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges 
It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK, THE LUCKIER I GET!
@jijassim: Love the sign #chicagoproud @realDonaldTrump 
@Daniel10YNWA: @realDonaldTrump you're the man Mr. Trump
@crossbowdave My wife, kids and I visited NYC last week. I loved going to the #trumptower. It was beautiful, as I had hoped! Great, thanks
@jodyhagemann: @realDonaldTrump please help a NY 2 yr old boy beat cancer. 
We should immediately stop sending our beautiful American tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our Presidentu2019s stupidity!
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump on being named the @FoxNewsSunday Power Player of the Week 
@seankjensen: #whocaroniscallingu2026 @realDonaldTrump 
@dotson_jordan  love the confidence that  @realDonaldTrump has. That's what makes a great leader  Thank you
On June 1st. near Washington, D.C., I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River
Obama admin. called @netanyahu chickenshit. Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.
@inthelooptv: @realDonaldTrump Your sign is absolutely stunning in Chicago! Now only if you could wear a suit &amp; fight crime!
@SMWalkerBait: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President...
@87krusty87: @realDonaldTrump I saw the Toronto hotel last year - it is a beauty indeed! Great addition to the skyline!
@raisingarlic: @realDonaldTrump just set my DVR to record Celebrity Apprentice Jan. 4 Don't want to miss a second!! Great.
@bahia6085: @OFFICIAL_YL @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNewYork @TrumpToronto What's there to debate?
@BROONEYBROONEY: @realDonaldTrump love your thoughts and opinions on the Central Park 5!
I read @willweatherfordu2019s comments that u201cthe lights are dimming on gambling in Floridau201du2014nothing could be worse for the state.
@LGlick1  There are no words to describe this. My boss @realDonaldTrump is awesome! 
@Ja: As Iu2019ve said before, @realDonaldTrump has all of the qualifications necessary to be Real Americau2019s choice for President of the USA!!!
@CRinQC: Hates military. Tues, remember how pres hasn't lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. Only wants illegals to cross border.
Only you can #SavetheQueen during the LIVE telecast of #MissUSA on June 8 at 8/7c on NBC. Click for more info: 
@joelde: You RT'ing these is the equivalent to band's tweeting good reviews. Do you ever tire of patting yourself on the back?  No, never!
After these spirited primaries are over, @GOP must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate, we stop Obamau2019s agenda.
@Nicolebnagy: Donald Trump should really consider running for President. He certainly has his head on right! @realDonaldTrump
@metrolinkFAILS                              n@KieranLalor Mr Trump it's called Envy. Easy as that. But so much $$ is raised for charity.
@Mike_Sherwood03: I love the new sign in Chicago! It makes my drive down Lakeshore Drive that much better! Keep up the good work! Thanks.
Watching the Ryder Cup on @GolfChannel. Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport, my favorite!
@jerrysan52:  Now that is a combo..he needs ride along RT @JebBurtonRacing: Got to meet the man Donald Trump. ud83dudc4dud83dudc4d 
Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell!
Watched Gennady Golovkin @gggboxing at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight @FloydMayweather!
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horsesu2014one vaccine at a time, over time.
@jlkelly19: @realDonaldTrump Beautiful!! Trump National Golf Course. 
@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day, possibly by the hours, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE run for president! #Trump2016
ICYMI, @nypostu2019s @LoisWeiss described my Monday @ICSC speech @javitscenter as one of my u201cbest and most rivetingu201d 
@brandoacovski: @realDonaldTrump for president!!!!
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner, a guy with no absolutely no talent!
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.
@MedievalSwan: @realDonaldTrump I love you just for that tweet! @katyperry
@Bernardv777: @realDonaldTrump @AplemonLemon You would be what the country needs a true buisnessman! An American citizin that really cares!
@ScotlandGolf1 Trump Int'l is one of the best golf courses I have ever played &amp; that is saying something True, thx 
@mike_carrion99: Uwere right,the Chinese respect smart ppl like urself,but they and evry1 laughs @ Obama.Plz run in '16 you're STRONG
@Dawn__Patrol:  @louise_kruger1 @peter_bollini @samcgirl I can't wait 4 celeb apprentice, u2661 The Donald! Finally, I've been waiting 2 long!
Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq, and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so.
@Michiganman567: @ronmeier123 @lookupfolks I would like to see @realDonaldTrump in the debates. His America first ideas need to be heard,
@Mogainc @realDonaldTrump @CelebApprentice when is the new season starting? I can't wait any longer....#celebrityapprentice January 4th
@kennymacaskill1: @realDonaldTrump when are you starting the second golf course at trump international links #balmedie? No wind turbines.
Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation.
@ShapiroJD: @realDonaldTrump rebar at Trump International Chicago is awesome.
@coolwillie13: @realDonaldTrump You'll definitely carry the South. Go for it! #Trump2016
@Herr_Barclay: Got to love the Monday segments by @realDonaldTrump on Fox &amp; Friends. Never miss it. It's not Monday but worth a mention!
@theBrianGentry Great advice. My Dad (also a developer) always reminded me that we're in the problem solving business.  So true!
Same CDC which is bringing Ebola to US misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year 
@MatthewJEllis2                       BREATHTAKING!! Finally Trump has begun the rebuilding of our nation's capital. Sir well done Thanks
@WDobrovich: @realDonaldTrump we really need a person like you to lead our country #trump2016
@sintianiej: @realDonaldTrump @MrInsaf The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
@killen2015: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president in 2016,I'd totally vote for him.We need a business man to get the economy back on track
@Jamaface: @realDonaldTrump THANK YOU! EXACTLY!
Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
@UK_MikeP @TrumpChicago  saw the Trump letters on hotel for first time. Very tasteful and classy. Hotel is an architectural gem. Thank you
A world-famous testament to architectural excellence, @TrumpTowerNY features a 60-ft waterfall 
@11SummerB  As a Dutchess County resident, that is the absolute truth! It's a course and facility to be proud of, Mr Trump!   Thank you.
@zshroff @TrumpChicago All the artsy types need to relax. Sign looks great, doesn't take away anything from the city's architecture. Thx.
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
@FanOfGreenMMs:  @Sal_lyann @Jennifer75AR @CahlRStorrie Mr. Trump is a wonderful man &amp; more Presidential than the Fraud-in-Chief now.
@rhino848484: @realDonaldTrump and a better TV show. @ApprenticeNBC #1 You make great TV Mr Trump Thanks.
#TrumpVlog @Rosie needs to rest and relax. It's not working. 
I'm leaving now for Ireland, Spain, Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life!
Via @DMRegister:  u201c@ShawnJohnson returns to reality TV with Donald Trumpu201dn  
@Continuum9112: Wouldn't life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life? Interesting!
Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYC's hottest neighborhood using @TrumpSoHou2019s 20% offer 
@BillsMafia_G107 @suew777 I completely agree. I think @realDonaldTrump would be an excellent owner and wouldn't accept losing! @nflcommish
Wow, honored to just pass 2.5M followers on @twitter. Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together.
Get our Marine out of Mexico. 
@angstas: @realDonaldTrump @danywasking You're really on fire? Amazing. There is a god...
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
@ProfilesChatter: @realDonaldTrump @wftragni If Trump can control his crazy, then it's a go . He can make the U.S. great again.Is no crazy
Negotiations 101: The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms.
For those that constantly say that u201cglobal warmingu201d is now u201cclimate changeu201du2014they changed the name. The name global warming wasnu2019t working
Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch).
Along with a soaring bar of sky-bound gold, @TrumpLasVegasu2019 pool deck overlooks the City of Lights  
@tormike: @realDonaldTrump best reality show on TV. Love the challenges
@DanScavino: @realDonaldTrump creating jobs in Washington DC ~ while Obama goes fundraising 3K miles away..with major issues taking place
@Jackshallis: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP 2016
@shousman86: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump please build our Military and take care of our Vets as Commander in Chief This would happen!
People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets, letters and callsu2026
AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute
The lights went out at the White House today 
@PattyWagSwag: @realDonaldTrump run for president please.
@brasicingbras: @realDonaldTrump let the haters hate, Mr. Trump. Love my new Trump tie from @Macys #trump2016 Great!
@TeddiLocke: @realDonaldTrump Absolutely! Plz Run! Bring Respect back to the Presidency with integrity &amp; good moral standing!!
I pick the best locations- @Trump_Charlotte has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman. 
@fredsmith433: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president
Why did @AGSchneiderman have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G.
@DaveDautel                     nBeen following you since your book Art of the Deal. Thank you for your words of wisdom &amp; insights  Thx.
@KingOf_Class: @realDonaldTrump hey Donald...in love with Trump Tower on 5th avenue during the holidays!
.@ArsenioHall - How quickly people forget, but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley: u201cTrump-Backed Candidate @leezeldin Wins NY GOP Primaryu201d 
@AuthenticBrett: .@realDonaldTrump When is Celebrity Apprentice coming back? Its the best show on tv. #donaldtrump #yourefired In the Fall
I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate dealu2014soon to be announced. Happy Easter and/or Holiday to all.
@kylegolfmtnbike: @realDonaldTrump NFL is forever changed and I'm afraid in ten years it will be gone or flag football
With the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low, over 92M Americans are out of the work force.
@adamsteinbaugh: @realDonaldTrump you need to run for president like right now mister trump
At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions!
@BitLegal: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, America NEEDS you. Be the Reagan to Obama's Carter. Please run for President in 2016.
u201cThe problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!
PM Sarah Westcot-Williams incompetence should not be rewarded. You should vote for anyone who runs against heru2014loser! @PrimeMinisterSX
Congrats to @AlCardenasACU and @CPACnews. I really enjoyed being thereu2014the response was so terrific!
@BackOnTrackUSA:Not only is America not leading in the world anymore, under Obama America is destabilizing the world &amp; making it dangerous.
.@Rosieu2014No offense, and good luck on the new show, but remember, you started it!    
@1more77: @realDonaldTrump incredible interview on the @HowardStern show. Please please run for President!
@Bugsyfire:  Mr.T  You were the first to call it right weeks ago regarding the Ebola virus. Not enough restrictions to get into the U.S.
I made a fortune in Atlantic City, got out years ago (great timing), and havn't been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C.
@WLynton                            nIt's my 30th B Day today, and a reply from you would be the best gift ever?  Happy Birthday
@MMayer87: @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I can't wait to watch the show! January 4th.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry &amp; supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote @Team_Mitch!
@HMunjal: DonaldTrump: Via @AmSpec BY Jeffrey Lord: u201cDonald Trump was right on Ebolau201d 
Remember, the harder you work, the luckier you get!
@DavidGordonJr: Tower in Chicago is beautiful, the name is the only sign of success they've had in years... jealousy for sure!
@ettuandyou: @realDonaldTrump I've got to tell you, I love love LOVE the Trump in Toronto.
@iCheko_LOM All Mr. @realDonaldTrump is trying to do is wake everyone up to the truth. Loving the tweets. Thank you.
u201cAlways be prepared to start.u201d - Joe Montana
The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami.  Enjoy!
@MarkCannizzaro: Just played @realDonaldTrump's Scotland course. Verdict: Fantastic. Dispelled all biased anti-Donald chatter I'd heard.
@RickieFowlerPGA: Good fun yesterday slapping it around Trump International Golf Links with @skovy14 and Sammyu2026 
Est. in 1906, @TrumpTurnberry is home to the iconic Ailsa, @The_Open Championship course four times over 
u201cGet in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.u201d u2013 Fred C. Trump (My father!)
@cmo626 long time admirer.  Want to buy one of your books for a friend.  Any suggestions?  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
@JoRoseM: Ryan tries to portray himself as a young Donald Trump. No one can be Trump. Sorry bud. @realDonaldTrump #MDLNY
@Lady_Laurettina: @realDonaldTrump I admire you so much! :)  Thanks.
@grantwgates: @ESPNCaddie @TrumpDoral I made birdie on #8 last month. Enjoy that back nine. Great stretch at the end! #TrumpDoral
@mikewarner1976: @realDonaldTrump @buffalobills Please make this happen !!!  @nflcommish
@golf_com: .@DonaldTrump's Ferry Point in NYC will be one of the best public courses in the U.S., says @joepassov. 
u201cTrump on Obama: u2018I never thought it would be this badu2019u201dn  
@UP1775: @realDonaldTrump @OGRumple yes!! More people gonna vote #waitingfortrump2016
@brianfinn96: @realDonaldTrump Hope to see you back in Doonbeg as President of USA
@DonB1957 @JessicahRabbit @troylaneroberts I own half dozen Trump ties. Make the best knots, always look great.  Thanks.
In New York, March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!
@houseofwolf187: @realDonaldTrump if Donald Trump runs for POTUS 2016 he'd have my vote!
In order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
@DCBelleonWheels: @realDonaldTrump gets it right: 
@jackhennessy12: @realDonaldTrump look better at lahinch or trump doonbeg? True!
@Thescroggins12: @realDonaldTrump @Mer_1135 @blakemharris Trump for President !! Your Country Needs You !
@mattyms: @realDonaldTrump it's my birthday today. The best present you can give me is to be my next President.  Happy birthday!
@Cknikita  I'du2661 Love u2661Donald Trump to buy the @buffalobills and Also run for Our President!  #Super Deal #Double #Win Win! Thx.@nflcommish
u201cFailures are expected by losers, ignored by winners.u201d  -- @CoachJoeGibbs
Congrats to Charles @krauthammer for his statements on climate change, formerly known as global warming!
Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties @Macys.  Go check them out.
@BarbaraSMayer: @realDonaldTrump You are right about the Ebola patients. It's a deadly virus, and they shouldn't bring them to the US.
@dualheadedeagle  True and thanks!
With all that is happening with Ebola, including the doctor who so easily came back to New York, Obama still refuses to stop the flights!
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.n -- Stephen King
I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire &amp; speaking for Joe McQuaid @deucecrew &amp; the Nackey Loeb School @LoebSchool honoring James Foley.
@miorazhari: Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser. (Donald Trump)
Premiering Jan. 4th, the record 14th seasonu2019s @ApprenticeNBC cast is the nastiest yet 
Via @golf_com by @joepassov: u201c@TrumpFerryPoint Will Be One of Nation's Best Public Coursesu201d n  
Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq, take over the country &amp; oil, and O will say thanks
Mike Leach's lessons, his takeaways from Geronimo's life are fascinating &amp; useful whether in boardroom or locker room 
@skpip: Donald, you have given me some hope for this country. Maybe someone will help those of us on Disability find a job we want to work
@seankesser: @realDonaldTrump People with bachelor's degrees can't find jobs in #US. And Obama wants to bring in more immigrants.
@Abspara we've spread out our son's vaccines as well. He's all set and no ahem came because of it.  Great.
@talkradio200: @asthegirlturns #Hannity should be having @realDonaldTrump on (more)!
@TimothyHero: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run for president when Obama's corrupted term is done.
Fox &amp; Friends, going on now - enjoy!
@paranormalfact: @realDonaldTrump  If you run #2016 I will hit my streets running for you.Obama Care doesn't Care.#TrumpForPresident
@DeeHogan21: @realDonaldTrump along with @DoonbegLodge ...heaven on earth
@andzi11 @realDonaldTrump Watching the Celebrity Apprentice love it. Truly my favorite show #boladagur #gottaloveit Thanks
@JonesTigger0828: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump it just blows the mind that this President is still in office.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening!
@_Meagann: @realDonaldTrump will we see Celebrity Apprentice again soon? I love that show! Yes, just finished shooting.
@jennypowers37: @realDonaldTrump run Mr. Trump run!! Get this country back on track.
@WesleyCooler3  But nobody asked-a great school!
@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump Quote: Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To, But Most Succeed Because They Are Determined To
@RGhilinoCLU: I bought a couple beautiful @realDonaldTrump ties at @Macys today. Guaranteed to look sharp this week.
@bestgolfleague: I don't understand the all the fuss. The building is an exquisite edition to our skyline. 
@PiersComments: The only strong leader that the Republicans have at the moment is Donald Trump.
@MikeMcLeod14: @realDonaldTrump You were great on Greta tonite. Thanks.
.@GolfMagazine is great, thanks!
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!  #Oscars.
@Onbluesol: Homer Simpson Nominates @realDonaldTrump to do the #IceBucketChallenge check out the video clip 
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal, getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. #BringBackOurMarine
How does frumpy &amp; little read @nytimes editorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant! @nytimescollins
@FASHfrontrunner: @realDonaldTrump Love the signage on the Chicago building! I think you should request even bigger letters!
@RustyWynnewood:  Great day at Trump National in Charlotte. You took a good club and made it great. Well done sir. 
@mindgone222: @realDonaldTrump @jry227 People just want to mess with you because you're you. It's your building. F them.
@Bernardv777: @realDonaldTrump @PianoBecca You are and always will be the man! Please run!
@SteveMcK6abc Promo for Tonight w/ @realDonaldTrump @6abc 
@DerekAMartinez: #FF @realDonaldTrump Because he's a genius and always right. Enough said.
@kathy1453: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldTrump2016 Trump for President. You would make a difference. I think you're great. Thank you!
Flashbk u2013 u201cTrump: u2018I would build a border fence like you have never seen beforeu2019u201d
@istoddisgood: @realDonaldTrump Even in Australia you're an inspiration!  Thanks!
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars
@_cnolan: We need someone like or @realDonaldTrump himself for President in 2016! Thank you!
@SamJabbo  @realDonaldTrump i haven't read any of your books yet, which one should i start with? The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them!
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
@CDLavie: @realDonaldTrump We knew he had no case against Trump U. I have no complaints about the products I bought.  Thanks!
@WasimPerviz: @realDonaldTrump When will we see you again in @WWE?  Soon!
JUST IN:  A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyeru2019s remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale.
@GeneralGCuster: @realDonaldTrump @Surajlalla  It's time to start your political career. The people want you to run.
@MiriamScherm: I love your quotes. They inspire me and always bring a smile to my face. I shall FIGHT until I draw my last breathe.  Nice.
@jenniii0rozco: @realDonaldTrump @inboxleekersey i keep saying you should run for President!
For all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for @ApprenticeNBC!
There is nothing @TrumpSoHo did not think about for the holidays - @RobbReport dives in: 
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available at @Macys, tops all menswear styles. Dress to impress!  
@JessArrigo: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!! Make it happen, we need an intelligent leader! ud83dudc9e #trumpforpresident
@Mer_1135: @blakemharris @realDonaldTrump Ronald Reagan was an actor, &amp; look at what a great job he did.
@joannakirshner: Enjoying my stay at the beautiful @TrumpPanama. Thanks @realDonaldTrump for bringing Trump to Panama! I love that hotel!
An interesting cartoon that is circulating. 
With championship links @TrumpScotlandu2019s world-class amenities also include dining &amp; luxury accommodations  
@browardpolitics: Conservative leader Al Cardenas describes @realDonaldTrump as a true patriot./AM Great.
Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't), say I went bankrupt (I didn't), say I'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). They know the truth!
@ZackKeighron: @realDonaldTrump should run for president
@peter_upfield: @realDonaldTrump @frank_puggi Run Donald, Run!
u201cRemember that some things are worth waiting for. Plans can change, sometimes for good reason.u201d u2013 Trump Never Give Up
@ProVentures Excited to hear what Trump has in store for #Turnberry. If anything like @TrumpDoral we are in for a treat! It will be great!
@DanScavino: WHAT DONALD TRUMP DID TO BRING BACK ARSENIO HALL AFTER The @ApprenticeNBC on @NBC 
I love seeing that Graydon Carter and @VanityFair are failing so badly. Heu2019s only focused on his bad food restaurants.
@ApartmentMgr @realDonaldTrump played #Doral #White on Sunday what a gorgeous course you're doing GREAT things there #Golf #Resort Thanks.
Designed by @IvankaTrump, @TrumpDoralu2019s Deluxe Guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and detailsn  
@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump when will you anounce your running for Presedent? Thousands-- MILLLIONS-- have baited breath we NEED you!
@SandeeBengel: @realDonaldTrump @Joan_Rivers you nailed it Donald!! Full of energy the day before!!
@danmillman  I give @realDonaldTrump a lot of shit, but Trump National in Bedminster is absolutely incredible. Thanks (sort of)!
@AndyJackson3212: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP ,Very cool, I love NYC
@jmart1128: Loving @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike this morning!
Opening for the 2014 season soon, the National Register landmark Mar-a-Lago Club is the crown jewel of Palm Beach 
.@montgomeriefdn Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it.
@NicolasTetrault: @realDonaldTrump I agree 100%
@SparkleAWin: @realDonaldTrump Any chance of working w/@VinceMcMahon again soon... Always, Vince is a great guy and a winner!
@r_ieysg: @JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump, I know a lot of people don't like listening to him but he speaks the truth. So true!
@Scalplock: @realDonaldTrump says it. Stop sending money to Mexico until Marine freed. #tcot #PJNET
@jake_wilfong: @realDonaldTrump was speaking the truth this morning on @MikeAndMike. Too many flags, let the boys play.
@nucmedman1: @realDonaldTrump our country would be in better condition for future if you were in charge instead of this clown.  True.
@DebsSay @RepLeadConf Enjoyed seeing you at the RLC, Mr. Trump! Great speech! We need real leadership in America! Thank you.
@BeetaBenjy: @realDonaldTrump destroying @BarackObama as only he can: 
@ronanofficial: Great to hear that T just purchased Doonbeg. Exactly what Golf in Ireland needs and a massive boost for our economy.
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
@Negroamigo11: @realDonaldTrump is the right man for the job #Trump2016
@jethrosteve: @realDonaldTrump @ryanbushby are you considering running Mr Trump?   YES!
@utbeth73: @Holly Carson..Great SG or HHS, but not presidential material. To whip this country into SHAPE, I'd vote for  @realDonaldTrump
Just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn u2013 and you will learn. Donu2019t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks.  Think Like a Champion
Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards, Best Resorts in Europe: Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Doonbeg voted #1. 
If you love it, own it. @TrumpCondosLV bring unparalleled style, elegance and world class amenities to Las Vegas 
@kenziewilliams_: DonaldTrump needs to to be the next president. Only person I can even think of that could fix such a f*ucked up nation
@AndyAy:DonaldTrump Good to hear news of you and Turnberry in Ayrshire Scotland. South Ayrshire has best weather in Scotland,so good choice
@teeblack011: @realDonaldTrump: @tweets_business: @realDonaldTrump 
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars
Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember, there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!!
Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvania,an interesting and amazing story
@cedwardsmedia: @realDonaldTrump @CanizalVania nah, heu2019ll get old, but heu2019ll age like fine wine.  Wow, nice!
@geomac24:  Interesting reports emerging after our No vote that soapy kept from us. Among them, windfarms slashed property value by 12%
Congrats @Jean_GeorgesNYC for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world! 
@libProject: @realDonaldTrump You add fun and excitement to all your endeavours which is why they are so successful Interesting!
Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead, Putin laughed at him and reloaded.
@AmSpec: In aiming at #Trump, #BuzzFeed shot its own credibility. 
@RealPro4Real: My Christmas Wish! Trump for Pres. in 2016 @realDonaldTrump  #Trump2016 
@high_altitude1  Watching a program about @realDonaldTrump private 757 definitely the Ferrari of the sky......beautiful  Thank you.
Central Parku2019s top locale @TrumpRink is open throughout the holidays. Our Skating School is excellent &amp; acclaimed 
@Keven_GR7: @realDonaldTrump I want to live in a U.S. where you are President  Thank you!
Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border!
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills, I would have produced a winner. Now that wonu2019t happen.
Great #Thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by @NYTimesTravel including an optionn  from @TrumpNewYork: 
@brianerbland                     n@realDonaldTrump is the best choice for NY, it's time for a real leader in NY again. #NYGOP Thanks.
@NYteeman: @realDonaldTrump played your spectacular course in westchester; hit it to 1'7 on 13; awesome hole 
@jakemurray_32 @realDonaldTrump the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success #Trump2016  Thank you.
u201cYou cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.u201d u2013 Pres. Abraham Lincoln
@AlmightyJuan__: I look like Donald Trump when he made his first 1 million  You must be great looking!
@DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: u201cDonald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetenceu201d 
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.u2013 Aristotle
@Abdul_Akbarzai1:  @TheRealZach49: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed
@kylegolfmtnbike: @realDonaldTrump wonder how long it takes the released terrorists to attack Americans?
The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.
I was relentless because, more often than you would think, sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!
@InsideCableNews @FTVLive Dream on. You have a better chance of Time Warner dumping Jeff Zucker than you do the media ignoring Donald Trump
Dennisu2014Thank you for being honest.  Somebody put words in your mouth &amp; you wouldnu2019t take it. Great!  @dennisrodman
@TreyCarpenter3: Just saw the @realDonaldTrump on Justice, he is probably our best chance to fix this mess BarackObama has made #Trump2016
I will be in Washington, D.C. tomorrow to receive the 2014 Joseph Wharton Award at the Wharton Club of D.C.u2014a great honor! @Wharton
@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump please run for president to save America. my whole family is knows youu2019re the only man who can do it! True
@JoeSimpson_KBBN   I'm a lifelong Bills fan. @realDonaldTrump  Please save this franchise!  We're ready to win! @nflcommish #BillsMafia
@anjeleyz: This is my nephew Mr trump,he is having chemo again,can you look at this and send a message maybe  Tyler, get well soon - WIN!
@F_Anne_Spears: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Always enjoy your common sense. Wish the ones in office would use theirs.
Congrats @JanineTurner on new book A Little Bit Vulnerable you're a breath of fresh air in the political forum 
@spidermonkex: I love @realDonaldTrump
@SheridanBetts: Can't wait for #CPAC because of @realDonaldTrump.  I look forward to it also.
@JamersonHayes: Yes @realDonaldTrump please run for president! #trumpsupporter
@KieranLalor: .@realDonaldTrump why didn't you just add Be sure to tune in to NBC this Fall for the Apprentice? A very good point!
Work Underway on First New Trump Course in Dubai; Second Course in Planning 
It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade, after litigation, into the murky past!
@YoungSinatra: Donald trump is still my favorite Mac Miller track  Mac has certainly done well with me! How many hits now on Twitter?
@ignacio8787: @realDonaldTrump @johnyboi509 hope you run for #POTUS and win to shake up #DC and the #Congress we need you
@aj_baldwin: @HowardStern Today's show was fantastic! @realDonaldTrump was awesome and the real doll w/ Eric was priceless.
@MathewPrinsen: @realDonaldTrump I was wondering your take on Obama saluting with a coffee in his hand? Big deal or no? Terrible!
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
@SummersMarcus: @realDonaldTrump always my role model Thank you.
With magnificent views, @TrumpChicago is the perfect venue to host impact events &amp; business meetings 
@mrstraceyowen: @realDonaldTrump you want sense ? Listen to @realDonaldTrump !
@shoreline1996 DonaldTrump Please for all of humanity run for President. But use your money to campaign so you don't need to return favors.
#TrumpVlog Free our Marine! 
@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @CahlRStorrie So true! Hope for Trump 2016.
@NewYorkGOP The Ed Cox letter to Republicans, which is being so badly ridiculed by the press, should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!
@TheEllenShow  Ellen, you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!
From Fox and Friends interview: Trump: We should not go back to Iraq 
@wftragni:  @realDonaldTrump to get America back on track. Trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen. Don't hate.
The @TrumpChicago Spa offers 5 star services,12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking  Chicago skyline 
Oscar Pistorious, the blade runner, is as guilty as O.J.  I wonder if the result will be the same?
We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run, billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET?
@MattyHdot: @realDonaldTrump When you're right, you're right. If you were President, I would feel a whole lot better. #Trump2016
.@bretbaier has a wonderful new book #specialheart and itu2019s proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner!
@CoalCitizens: All I want for Christmas is @realDonaldTrump to run for president!
@fiteswithheart: @realDonaldTrump In a NY minute!
@_stepharv32: @realDonaldTrump @mooovin_on have a great Christmas @realDonaldTrump you're a true inspiration. Thanks!
Via Union Leader: Trump leads tribute for slain journalist James Foley | New Hampshire First Amendment Awardsn  
I just had an amazing day in Mumbai, India. Building an almost 80 story building, super luxury, which is doing great! Press is going wild.
I canu2019t believe the great @wjcarter got canned by @nytimes. He was a fantastic reporter &amp; really knew entertainment. He will be missed!
ISIS is advancing even against Obamau2019s airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the @buffalobills would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!
@mike_carrion99: @realDonaldTrump Do the U.S. a favor and run for Pres.2016! We need a REAL leader who wont put up w/ shit. Nicely said!
@Almendarezzz: I don't know if y'all know it but @realDonaldTrump seriously might be our next president. We will soon see!
The dying @NYDailyNews asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff  &amp; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out!
@vivianbrown21: @realDonaldTrump A BIG job to Recover from this Administration.... Around the World! ! Merry Christmas to you &amp; family! !
@WinPropP: @realDonaldTrump Its time The world is ready for your leadership
@johnny4arizona: @realDonaldTrump That is for sure !! Congrats on your appearance at #RLC2014 in New Orleans TRUMP 2016  Thanks.
@Bigonbeets: @realDonaldTrump If you could do anything to change the world for the better, what would you do?  Fire Obama!
Obama said in his SOTU that u201cglobal warming is a fact.u201d Sure, about as factual as u201cif you like your healthcare, you can keep it.u201d
In 2016, the Old Post Office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination, Trump Int'l Washington DC 
Learn, work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction.
@Cringe_Fringe @Joan_Rivers You were a good friend to Joan and I enjoyed the Apprentice show with her.  Thanks, Mr. Trump. Thank you.
@SoyerJanis:  @gretawire I wish @realDonaldTrump would run 4 President, we NEED HIM! if he cares enough about this Country he will run.
@CakeItEasy: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the golf course at ferry point in the Bronx to open! Excited  It will be great!
@BElizondo2: @realDonaldTrump if you ran for pres in 2016 you would have my vote no question! Thanks.
.@TrumpNewYorku2019s 176 rooms  have floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of Central Park &amp; NYC 
@61Webhead: @realDonaldTrump You could reverse the US economy and unemployment in less than 6 mo as Prez! #wewantTrump
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Congratulations @TrumpSoHo on being named a u201cGreat East Coast Hotels for Teens and Familiesu201d by @ParadeMagazine 
@TrumpCollection: A great time was had by all at @TrumpDoral's Gary Player Villa opening.
@P01YN0NYM0U55: ! @vikdam @jamandatrtl imagine how mad you'd be to watch your healthy child crash hard after vaccine then doctors mock you
Like it or not, Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations
Via @DMRegister by @KObradovich: u201cDonald Trump: Next president needs to be u2018a great oneu2019u201d 
@Sprkle:  Your opinions on #Ebola were outstanding and intelligent. If only we could channel some of this common sense to the WH..
@chrismashimbyi: The Art Of The Deal by @realDonaldTrump is one of the greatest books ever!  Thank you!
@caleb2207: @realDonaldTrump is our future. Only he can turn our country around. #TRUMP2016
Via @AP by @splaisance: @realmissnvusa NIA SANCHEZ CROWNED AS 63RD @MissUSA 
@ZackAlcorn: @mikehyland21 @realDonaldTrump @aec4444 big time. I love Trump Bedminster
Will be interviewed tonight at 7 by @greta re Sony &amp; Bush
Awarded 5 stars from @ForbesInspector, @TrumpTO offers 261 rooms &amp; 115 suites in the center of downtown Toronto 
The prestigious 800-acre @TrumpDoral boast luxurious event spaces and 5 Star restaurants  
@rossdstarkey: Good luck to everyone playing the @SMOpen this week, watch out for @realDonaldTrump at Doonbeg 
@Christina820x: @BrandiGlanville can't wait to see you on apprentice!!! @NBCNews @realDonaldTrump
@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Hope you announce that you're running for president! You'd get my vote!
Go to 
@InTheElections: @TheRealHOodRept @realDonaldTrump The Obama administration is the American disaster, TRUMP 2016 is the solution. So true!
@NeuroticKnight: @realDonaldTrump When are you going to put your cape on and come save this country??? We need you!!!
@fa6891e38f8f4bf DonaldTrump Please take me serious America needs u more now than ever we r at crossroads NO MORE BUSH'S IN WH OR WE R DONE
@McVeighKevin My @realDonaldTrump illustration as seen in audience of the @WendyWilliams show!  
Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama.
The 5-star @Trump_Ireland graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare, Ireland 
@benjamin_mayne: @realDonaldTrump You've won me over. Great job tonight. I'm not trying to win anyone over, it really sucks! #Oscars
Something very important, and indeed society changing, may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS!
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!
I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.!
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's important to never give up on yourself. -- Think Like a Champion
NobamaCare won't work, never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (&amp; economy!)
I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
@cbauer747: @houseofwolf187 Motivate: why everyone wants Mr Trump for President? because he's outspoken,clever and has business savvy?
@Danoh1952: @TODAYshow @realDonaldTrump I like the Trump sign.
.@AGSchneiderman has never once said that he didnu2019t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
.@KAThomas212   Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!
Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast, our vets should get immediate care
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics.
@ruvie18: Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrump,my best author, I never get tired of reading think big and the apprentice!
@Bane1349: @realDonaldTrump @jayleespring America needs Your Leadership NOW more than ever Mr. Trump.
@DrewMadeOFF: RT @realDonaldTrump Circulation @ record low. Spy Mag also failed under Graydon.   @VanityFair Magazine
Whether you like Obama or not, Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally, I hate rats.
@amegarity: @realDonaldTrump was down in Doonbeg on sunday, stunning place, any chance of a good deal on a room for me and my good wife.
Is everyone enjoying ObamaCareu2019s 21 new 2014 taxes? 
@OjJava: @realDonaldTrump I dont get the whole thing with Seth Meyers either. Kinda bland..
@noelill: @TMZLive They should get @rosie and @realDonaldTrump on @theviewtv I would watch it everyday. Cute!
@chunkenberry: .@realDonaldTrump  FUTURE PRESIDENT TRUMP! YOU HAVE THE RIGHT MIND TO FIX THIS COUNTRY AFTER 8 YEARS OF NOBAMA  I agree!
@CaledonianGolf: Also good to see @realDonaldTrump not being drawn into independence debate. Either way, Trump Turnberry is a winner.
Honored to be named as one of businessu2019s u201cTop Leaders, Icons and Rebelsu201d by @CNBC 
A 34 story luxury highrise, @TrumpParc offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space 
If you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will? - Think Like a Champion
@PianoBecca: I AM GOING TO VOTE FOR @realDonaldTrumpu00a0IN 2016 BECAUSE WE NEED A LEADER WITH VISION!
@ItIsJohnDoe: Merry Christmas Mr But this country can't have a TRULY merry Christmas until you are in the Whitehouse (as our President)
@patrickparuolo                           @TrumpWaikiki @realDonaldTrump going there for my honeymoon in October. Can't wait Great!
3rd rate writer, Vicky Ward, who begged me for help- see her letters to me. 
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad.
@MELANIATRUMP: u2708ufe0f Washington DC u27a1ufe0f NYC ud83duddfd 
Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late!
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.n--Henry David Thoreau
@SHMann55: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump sure would like to see you run for president! Thank you!
@ColinSWood: @realDonaldTrump The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!
The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU!
@jennyuhas: Excited to hear that Jonny Damon will be back on my TV! Thanks @realDonaldTrump!! #CelebrityApprentice
@louise_ramage: @realDonaldTrump Seriously please.run for President. We need someone who can get the job done with competence!
@acMarcusWenzel: @realDonaldTrump @Godchick83 Donald would be the right guy for the USA. I agree.
@michaelgferrara I don't agree with you most of the time - but people are absolutely twisting your comments to suit their agenda Thx--true
@brendakenesonwe: @realDonaldTrump @kostoff2 @TrumpDoral ; Based on the photos and articles I've read,It's Beautiful  Thank you!
@rickjones220: @realDonaldTrump full support
@gaildemarest: @realDonaldTrump i agree Mr.Trump should run for President,has brains and integrity,please get this country back on track.
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection's new line is out @Macys --ties, shirts, accessories -- great &amp; going fast! 
To get momentum, you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
@ktlaudy: @realDonaldTrump so when are you going to start campaigning?  Stay tuned!
Via @NewHampJournal by @jdistaso: u201cIn NH, u2018The Donaldu2019 hammers Mitt, Jeb as he again weighs a run for Presidentu201d 
@wadar1969: @realDonaldTrump Do u think our Government still has the gold they say they have in Colorado, Ft Knox etc. I doubt it, sadly!
@Brenoconn  @realDonaldTrump just back from a fabulous 2 days in doonbeg. What a hotel !!  Thanks. 
@TalismanJohnnyA: @foxandfriends: You can bet your rear-ends that D. T.  WOULD have a strategy, and WOULD HAVE A YEAR AGO. Great segment!.
Live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
@justalmir: @realDonaldTrump please run for election so my first ever vote could be for you!  Thanks!
@StarsEntLive: #CelebrityApprentice is back! Here's a preview w/ @kevinjonas, @IanZiering, 
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts, you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!
@JoshHodgkinsonn: No WrestleMania will ever top 23. Donald Trump Vs. Vince McMahon. You are right, it has the all-time record!
@ursulacurtin:  @cantget300 Hands off - we need him as President here in Ireland - he has the golf club here so that's a start!!!!  Cute!
@IamSloany: @realDonaldTrump you are the president we need!!  Thanks
@uconncrazy @realDonaldTrump Great to hear you on @sternshow. Your honesty is refreshing. Thank you.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.
@CalebCCooper Reading DonaldTrump's The Art of the Deal for my entrepreneurship class. So many cool stories and business lessons to learn
Isn't it ridiculous, starting today, new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!
@Crowhogan33: So glad I'm able to vote now, so if @realDonaldTrump runs for president, I can vote for him.
@fink13 @golfvoyager @ShannonAirport Looking forward to hearing from Donald Trump at press conference in Shannon on Mon 12th May  Me too.
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
@mondrian70 The Donald would be HUGE Boost for the #NFL. Such an icon! I know it would be a huge boost to the franchise &amp; NFL. @nflcommish
Briarcliff  Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no clueu2014bad roads, a total puppet of the mayor?  @westchestergov
The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect, the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM.
@DannBushh: @realDonaldTrump I think you should run for president. So do many others - thanks!
@kesjenkins: If @realDonaldTrump seriously takes a stab at presidency, I will find a way to work on his campaign. Thanks!
@maathewdavis: Got my Dad a Trump tie from Macy's for Father's Day. he loves it. he says it's the best tie he's ever owned! Great.
@ryantravers: @realDonaldTrump 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Now we have no jobs, no cash and no hope!
@JasonMattera: Poll: New Yorkers Prefer Donald Trump And Liam Neeson Over of Bill de Blasio 
@o2okito: @realDonaldTrump for president in 2016 !!
@ronmeier123 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity You can't make a leader, Mr. Trump was born a LEADER! Thank you.
@emanuelcenerini: @realDonaldTrump I think americans know that You would be a great President..no possibility for the others Thanks!
Congrats @TrumpChicago for being named #3 Best Business Hotel in Chicago in @TravlandLeisure's 2014 World's Best 
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 -  Enjoy!
@Adria: Love that @realDonaldTrump is moving into #vancouver, just checked out the presentation centre, super cool! 
@AboutTheRock: Who do I look up to? The answer is Donald Trump.  Thank you, work hard and smart.
@barrman: @realDonaldTrump you should run for president!
My interview on 9/13/01 with a German reporter after visiting Ground Zero 
@leksi0731: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president he would have my vote!
.@Lexi  Great job in winning your first of many majors. We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great!
Thank you Piers for the wonderful article and, also, great writing. @piersmorgan 
I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber (Americans are stupid) &amp; exec order
@abanoubabdel: @realDonaldTrump Trump for president 2016
The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the @buffalobills because of me!
With multiple space options, @TrumpChicago is the ideal venue to hold your dream weddingn  
@ChristopherCud1: @realDonaldTrump you are the best republican for the job. Your the only one clean, you need no one's money.
Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused, disciplined and alert every single day.
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but canu2019t be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
@JenPinSD: @WSHEMP @realDonaldTrump donald trump for president!
@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNewYork Love how Donald races to top to be the best in everything he puts his name on.
@tx_shaun @realDonaldTrump I think Rahm Emanuel really likes the sign, he just complains because your not a bleeding heart liberal like him
@Tingmanusa: @realDonaldTrump: @EldyCorrea: @realDonaldTrump Yes, go ahead and run for President. We need you so badly! Yes we do!
@tabletoptaylaaa: Seriously think @realDonaldTrump would be an awesome president.
@its_a_mum_thing: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends totally agree.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman just got his ass kicked by Trump!
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Donu2019t believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
@WestonT7 The tower looks beautiful Donald. Best building in the city hands down! Love what you do! 
@dbljjames @realDonaldTrump will you be in Baton Rouge for Miss USA Yes!
u201cWhen you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.u201d u2013 President Ronald Reagan
@evelynairey: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity I wish Donald Trump would run for President
@Munkykracker: u201c@realDonaldTrump: @footballguru99: @realDonaldTrump Love the sign!!! 
@MrBC_3  @GolfDigestMag - The Donald gets his men's major: 2022 PGA going to Trump Bedminster  Will be amazing! @PGAChampionship
@BeBeSXM: @realDonaldTrump I cross the whitestone bridge regularly...it went from a dump to a masterpeice...God Bless All You Do !  Thanks
Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation. - Midas Touch
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our borders. Act fast!
Attention all hackers: You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check place of birth
@andrewl1234: .@realDonaldTrump I'm pulling an all nighter in the library studying so I can hopefully do half as much as you one day Great
@adeezy101 @realDonaldTrump even after making billions, what keeps you motivated? If you have passion for your work, you will be motivated
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected, but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!
@hufseyg: Got to see the new 'Trump' letters on @realDonaldTrump Chicago skyscraper. Looks amazing
Get Snowden back from Russiau2014he has done tremendous damage to the US &amp; should pay a very heavy price.
@STN_Entertain @realDonaldTrump u2019s new Celebrity Apprentice will have @GeraldoRivera, @kevinjonas and Kate Gosselinu2014 
Is business success a natural talent? I think it's a combination of aptitude, work and luck.  -- Think Like a Champion
Itu2019s Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?
@MotivationIdeas: Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. ~ Donald Trump
I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!
@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president @realDonaldTrump
@chrisshields16 Class act @realDonaldTrump. Way to go. #ALS big props!  Thanks.
@Republican81: How does Mr. Trump defended himself against the dirty name calling punks on here ? Move along ignorant uneducated punks .
@TPM: Donald Trump tells Fox why he doesn't trust Obama on Ebola: Benghazi! 
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
Offering top amenities along w/ award winning architectural design,  @TrumpChicagou2019s condominiums are world-class 
@MIKEOLMUSIC:  Celebrity Apprentice. I hope NBC has all the episodes online since I got rid of my lousy ass rip off Time Warner Cable.
@MrJamesDavidson @TrumpScotland not at all!  the hassle you are getting/have had is truly disgraceful Thanks, but it is working out great!
@hillerjohn @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @EricTrump 'good looking family.'  Thank  you.
@FreidaWashingt: @realDonaldTrump: I saw the ground breaking ceremony for your DC building. It was you and Ivanka.
@StrikeTrump: Hey man you're a big role model and my birthday is tomorrow. Just wondering if I could get a birthday tweet. I admire you!
The so-called u2018moderateu2019 Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obamau2019s address. We should not be arming them!
@traciotake: @realDonaldTrump @kerrygold1914 @FoxNews @seanhannity If Trump runs in 2016, I'd vote for him!
@The_Glansberg: @realDonaldTrump for Prez!
@BaglanHIlls  Going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! Which one would you recommend? #TRUMP Start with The Art of the Deal.
@__Mikey__D: @realDonaldTrump Run for President in 2016
@KingMeeetch: @realDonaldTrump celebrity, business man, or politician? Who cares, you're damn good at all three
@bcfccityisours @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump looks awesome mr t. Thank you.
@alextice23: @realDonaldTrump @SafirePublicity I know he would make a great president. He makes decisive decisions daily, very sucessful
You're never a loser until you quit trying. -- Mike Ditka
After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars, Iraq (I told you so) is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad!
@BigJ_ExtFitness: u201c@realDonaldTrump: @lovely_laura21: , @realDonaldTrump for president ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8u270au201dAGREED!
President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.
Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN!
@Tehouchins: @realDonaldTrump Then PLEASE run for president!
u201cSuccess is dependent on effort.u201d - Sophocles
@SamerTime: @realDonaldTrump ill help bring home Ohio Mr Future President Love it!
@KraftyWurker: #Trump is the only potential Presidential candidate who has been demanding and threatening to get lower oil &amp; gas prices.
Each of the 176 magnificent luxury suites and guestrooms at @TrumpNewYork provide a sophisticated urban appeal 
For information on Trump University victory, call Alan Garten, Esquire, at 212.836.3203 or Jeff Goldman, Esquire, at 212.867.4466.
@HeyWNY @The_Open  let's get Turnberry back in the rotation. Mr Trump has given to the game so much in such a short time i.e. Doral Thanks
@RogerJStoneJr: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP-PAUL 2016 ?
Each and every new event space at @TrumpDoral looks stunning. See the transformation for yourself: 
@steeldestroyer: @realDonaldTrump I agree with u. I was going to vote for u and I still am.
@HRGuySerchia: @TotalSportsNews @nfl @buffalobills @realDonaldTrump Go Donald! I am with you! @nflcommish. Thanks.
@Scorpiannes: @realDonaldTrump Sir...I respectfully request that you save America and run for President.
@thequote: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump
@JoePreni: I've never voted before, but if @realDonaldTrump runs for president I'll vote for him. #trump
@carguy_95 Have you written anything torwards young adults/college students on how to be successful? Think Like a Champion is a good start
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
Via @Mediaite by forza_desiderio: u201cDonald Trump Blasts Obama on Ebola: Why Are You Sending Troops?u201d 
@LoganWeiler11: @realDonaldTrump I am wearing a trump tie today. It is, by far, my favorite tie. Great - at Macy's!
u201cIf you can accept losing, you can't win.u201d - Vince Lombardi
@PIERPAOLOMONNI                     n@realDonaldTrump @ArekRNBN Definitely a great book! Think like a Champion, to be a Champion!  Thanks.
It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
@ColinSWood: @realDonaldTrump The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!
@TheBigJamesG: What kind of president doesn't get playing golf after a cruel beheading isn't the thing to do? Detached from reality he is
#TBT Here I am with @gwenstefani and @donaldjtrumpjr 
u201cThe cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States.u201d - @boonepickens
#IceBucketChallenge For those of you who wanted a picture here it is- 
Ask yourself: What can I learn today that I didn't know before? Always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early &amp; get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it.
@Jhauganiii: Sounds gr8 MT @jennyrogersDC: Jose Andres to run the primary restaurant at @realDonaldTrump 's Old Post Office hotel.
I can't believe that @CNN would waste time and money with @smerconish - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch!
@majorgoob: #trumpforpresident #presidenttrump @realDonaldTrump 
Rated u201c#1 Resort in Europeu201d by @CNTraveler, @Trump_Ireland offers breathtaking golf &amp; the 5 Star Lodge at Doonbeg 
@h5o_dano: @realDonaldTrump We are on course of imploding as the once great Roman Empire did.
@dynamicwil: @realDonaldTrump @Macys love your ties!!
@hardworkinmane: @realDonaldTrump u need to have a talk show of your own. It would really be big because u have interesting views. I agree
Announced w/ @pgaofamerica that we will bring @seniorpgachamp to @TrumpGolfDC &amp; @pgachampionship to Trump Bedminster
@mangooppl: @realDonaldTrump Which means President Trump !
@LUTHERVII: @realDonaldTrump do you think Bush Jr. was a good President? No, not even close!
@Welles19 2016 = too late. America won't survive another 12 months of this lawless O regime &amp; @gop cowards. That's what comebacks r about.
I am speaking today at the National Press Club, totally sold out, and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue!
@Scottishrecipes: We have added MacLeod House in Aberdeen @TrumpScotland to our best restaurants in Scotland page at 
u201cI succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking.u201d - @Joan_Rivers
u201cDesign your business from the start so that it is leverageable, expandable, predictable, and financeable.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
@TrumpGolfLA: ICYMI: Fantastic commercial @TrumpGolfLA feat. @JordanSpieth &amp; #tombrady Thanks @UnderArmour &amp; @espn 
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obamau2019s executive amnesty is dangerous.
@homerealtyindia: Mr. Trump with #lodha is developing the iconic #trumptower in #mumbai. 
@JEngleLV: @realDonaldTrump the art of the deal changed my life and real estate career. Thank you.  Great!
Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power.
@kimkotter  Kim, keep up the great work - you are really doing well!
@Dave_Brown_: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president he has my vote Thanks!
Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL!
@jp_worldwide: @realDonaldTrump no common sense in Washington
@greggory_mc: @realDonaldTrump @miorlano_14 I truly hope Trump runs ! It would be simply fantastic ! Do it DT - do it Plz .
@evanmcmurry: @realDonaldTrump you should run for presidnet Thanks.
Wow, so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT!
@ashleyheerding My favorite sky scraper in New York so far has definitely been Trump Tower. Such a classy &amp; timeless design. Great job Thx
@JohnnySanaC: Kinda early to decide, but i'm going to be @realDonaldTrump for halloween lol  Have fun!
@wendijo24: @realDonaldTrump so excited for #celebrityapprentice Looks like a great group of people!!
@BARMES_andnoble: If donald trump runs for president I will be beyond happy...if he wins I will be beyond, beyond happy So nice, thanks!
@twinroj: @realDonaldTrump im british but i sure would vote for you if i was american #Trump2016
My @amtalker int. on @whoradio w/@SteveKingIA discussing my upcoming campaign visit for Steve this Sat. in Iowan  
Because of our terrible leaders, it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled.
@LeRoyal_Pegasus: u201cShow me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser.u201d u2015 @realDonaldTrump
@obio @realDonaldTrump of course we have cards. Unfortunately we also have a community organizer, not a seasoned businessman as president!
Obama:u201cI will destroy ISISu201d = Obama: u201cIf you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.u201d
@kerrygold1914: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @seanhannity Trump would run the USA with heart .Trump is right about Mitt.
Our clubhouse facility &amp; suites in Ireland @LodgeatDoonbeg  #TrumpIreland  
@otcgiant: @realDonaldTrump Our Country's leaders should have listened to you. Thanks to them, Ebola is now a household name in America.
@Murray87James: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to my wedding at Turnberry 2mo! Ur staff has been amazing! It will be fantastic!
@Todd_H @MikeAndMike -Let the court &amp; league discipline them and move on. Agree with Mr. T, the @nfl needs to worry about product on field
@geauxholmes: @realDonaldTrump We would love a Trump building in #neworleans #CityBiz Thanks
A feature on the progress of the course @ #Trump Int'l #Golf Club will feature on @CNNLivingGolf Thurs 8 May 2014 @ 0930 &amp; 1630 GMT #DAMAC
@VeryOddDog: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs in 2016! We need new blood and Mr Trump is the one to do it! You will have my vote Sir!
Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!
Excited for tomorrowu2019s Politics &amp; Eggs @saintanselm co-hosted by @NECouncil &amp; @nhiop. Live stream here 
Great @foxbusiness interview with @EricTrump on @TeamCavuto discussing the real estate economy &amp; 2016 
@Barlow260 @TrumpTurnberry is a great place. I just spent the weekend there &amp; the place, golf and staff were excellent  10 out of 10 Thx!
Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
@grantwgates: @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Great couple of days at the resort. First class! #BlueMonster #TrumpDoral 
Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.
@24k: @TrumpChicago I have been in your hotel, great views of #Chicago. Congrats from @TravlandLeisure, @realDonaldTrump. #TravelTuesday
@ellentime1: @realDonaldTrump.... loved you on Today!! Your were great!!!  Thank you!
@dogart2: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT. SAVE OUR COUNTRY.
@__________IAN: I saw Donald Trump on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous when I was 4.That man must of had a drink -&gt;fountain of youth.
@misskweenbree: @realDonaldTrump Run for President!
@SheltonFL @realDonaldTrump stayed your new hotel in Chicago this past weekend. One of the best places I've stayed Thanks. @TrumpChicago
Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions!
@Helena_Torry I consider myself too perfect and have no faults.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
Congratulations to @BretBaier on the immediate &amp; tremendous success of his book u2018Special Heart.u2019 Already in its third printing!
@TheGrumpyHusky: The Blue Monster is definitely an amazing and beautiful course. It is more than just a Masterpiece - it is Immortal
@gabriellamileti: She should be terminated for being stupid. Best quote of the day from THE  @foxandfriends #betterwithfriends
Celebrated for its room views by @LuxTravelExpert, @TrumpChicago soars a luxurious 92 stories over the Windy City 
Congratulations to @spurs on their @NBA championship. Well-deserved.
@Valbano206: Loved listening to @realDonaldTrump this morning on @MikeAndMike fantastic and true view points on the sad state of the NFL
@RWDF1 @realDonaldTrump They are planning on building windturbines near Turnberry Golf course, on Knoweside hill Not without a fight!
THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you  @JordanSpieth
@robmotmotcally: @realDonaldTrump good day mr trump any updates on ur golf course in Aberdeen ?? #scotland  Record business!
@__HotDawgs  @realDonaldTrump hey can we get a shout out for a start up company in our Entrepreneurship class Work hard and good luck!
@FSMalang: Show me a man without an ego and I'll show you a loser - Donald Trump
Looking forward to tonight's conversation w/ David Rubenstein @TheEconomicClub. Airing live on @cspan at 7PM EST 
@DonnaFins: @realDonaldTrump America needs a POTUS who builds Golf Courses not hangs out on them! Please become our next POTUS!
Honoluluu2019s best @TrumpWaikiki features a dozen distinct tropically decorated Hawaii hotel rooms and suite layouts 
Looking for an excuse not to cook for Thanksgiving? Many NYC outlets will delivery a full meal, including @TrumpSoHo 
@ashk @realDonaldTrump I'm in NYC for the first time.. Probably gonna visit Trump Tower. Will you be in town? I need to meet my roll model
@MasterBaxter8: We desperately need someone that looks out for our great country. Dropping supplies into enemy hands is inconceivable.
Wow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--just got the news!
u201cDonald Trump: $200 Million D.C. Hotel Will Be Among Worldu2019s Bestu201d 
@peter_bollini: @samcgirl: Ok, people, it has 2B season of #CelebrityApprentice looks fabulous! @realDonaldTrump I CANNOT wait!!!!!
@dcolon2112: @RAW1183 It was my comment not @realdonaldtrump I've played on nicer par 3 courses than #USOpen
If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure, you will never succeed!
@chargermike41:  @BackOnTrackUSA wtf. Free to the immigrants? But the rest of us that have to bust out asses just to get by have to pay?
@skyblue2050                   n@realDonaldTrump The Apprentice is a great show! never tired watching it!  Thank you.
@tomhovland1: @realDonaldTrump @Poppawub No one else can beat Hillary except you D. Trump !  I agree!
@maxtucci: @ucfoundation #MaraLago  You have the best staff.. it's always a pleasure doing events at your home 
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything.n -- Vince Lombardi
@SecularBobby: @realDonaldTrump hey. You are so cool and I'm voting for you in 2016  Very nice!
@TheNordicBroad: I might not always agree w/ everything he says,but it's wonderful how @realDonaldTrump engages w/ people on Twitter.
@USNewsTravel: This @TrumpCollection hotel trumps many Honolulu hotels with its excellent customer service + beautiful setting.
@keegster51: @realDonaldTrump you are a true role model of success. Thank you for being my inspiration #Trump2016  Thank you.
@BeaumontAnthony: If Donald Trump was President of the USA am sure negotiations on the crisis in Ukraine would be moving forward now
Via @BreitbartNews by @IanHanchett: u201cTrump: Obama u2018Treats Our Known Enemies Much Betteru2019 Than Israelu201dn  
@VikkiTB: @realDonaldTrump is so right with everything he is saying run... Please run for president
36 hrs Central Park as seen in @nytimes including a stop @TrumpNewYork for a bite in @Nougatine_NYC. Full article 
@AlecBordelon: .@realDonaldTrump officially confirms on @TODAYshow this morning-- Miss USA pageant will be coming to Baton Rouge in June.
With over 260 5 Star guest rooms &amp; suites @TrumpTO is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto 
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: u201cTrump: GOP on Edge of Winning 'Big' and Forcing Obama to Actu201d 
Bill Cosby is foolish, stupid, or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan.
@getownedbyjones: .@realDonaldTrump @DannBushh #America needs you Donald. If you don't run I'm afraid for the future generations.
@BethAndersonEsq: You make this country great &amp; inspire younger generations to become better. You are the American story. Thank you Beth
@robertfritz308                       n@realDonaldTrump can u please wish me a happy birthday! I'm a big fan! Thank you. Happy Birthday.
@SassyPantsjj: Merry CHRISTMAS! Can't wait 4 Celebrity Apprenctice my favorite show on TV, need more than 1 a year! I will EP it for you!
@GleisisSantos Reading @realDonaldTrump 's Think Like a Champion . What a great and inspirational book.  Thanks, good luck!
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
@SDM_TTG: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016!!!! Economic genius is what we need !!!!!!
@Atlanta_Event: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump
Via @FortuneMagazine by @mcasey1: u201cDonald Trump plans to build a Trump Tower in Mumbaiu201d 
@PGAofAmerica &amp; @realDonaldTrump to Announce Major Golf News at news conference on Thursday, May 1 - 11 a.m. ET. at Trump Tower Stay tuned!
@Lps320P @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Love this place. I'm a Trump resort traveler for life! Great and thanks.
The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer. @Hogan4Governor won, 2nd GOP governor elected in 40 years.
@oldschoolRUSH:Mr T, U should replace Dave! You are Funny, Clever, Smart, Handsome,Charismatic, Insightful,Successful..Like He Has A Twin!
I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star.
@ODedOnRealityTV I'm not a golf fan at all. I'd say @ApprenticeNBC is one of the greatest shows on Earth. #Apprentice #CelebrityApprentice
I will miss @Letterman &amp; doing his show. He was always intriguing &amp; smart. You never knew what would happen --  but he was fair!
Trump Tower Punta del Esteu2019s cylindrical tower redefines the essence of luxury. On the sands of Playa Brava 
@jorourke8: @realDonaldTrump your the greatest man on earth  So nice, thank you!
With two champion style courses @TrumpGolfDC graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic Potomac River 
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a regional power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC.
@Brad202b: I can't believe they let her back on the view, she's god awful as....well anything u201c@realDonaldTrump ... 
#TrumpVlog #TheInterviewMovie A sad day for freedom of speech- 
My @FoxNews interview @seanhannity discussing Obamau2019s failed presidency, Ebola, DC Post Office, midterms &amp; 2016 
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
@sendrajeremy: Can only try to be as successful as the @realDonaldTrump #GetKatapulted  Work hard!
The movie may be garbage but we canu2019t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch.  @SonyPictures
@1Kathleen75: @realDonaldTrump @TMZ_Politics Because you won't take crap from anyone who tries to hurt us, I truly believe this. True!
@ceovince: @realDonaldTrump We need a president who doesn't take any (crap) from anybody!!! #TrumpForPresident
@KarenHaywood3                               @realDonaldTrump  Both your parents were very nice looking.  Great photo! Thank you.
@ClarkSmidt: Sir Donald. Rather than promote golf courses, please use your influence to deliver messages that will help fix our Country.
Via @MiamiHerald: u201c@IvankaTrump talks family and businessu201d 
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it.
@GClass914: thanks for the good word @realdonaldtrump 
@InfamusG12: @realDonaldTrump Love the new sign! 
In the heart of midtown New York @TrumpTowerNY is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily 
@ichicagoscott: @realDonaldTrump how would you describe @TrumpChicago in one word?  Magnificent!
For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve. -- Aristotle
@AZigmann: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President.
@cpetelis: @realDonaldTrump If you run for President I, a democrat will vote for you. Watched Merideth Show on 12/22
@joelivan2: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC @GolfChannel Blue Monster! The best course in south Florida
@JGwildcard420: You are truely my hero @realDonaldTrump That's great, thanks.
@SKMcCrty: Happy Birthday, Mr. @realDonaldTrump, you have been a great mentor in my life! #teamskmThanks Stephen
@therefornone just home from great couple of days at @TrumpTurnberry. Tremendous golf course, simply outstanding. Loved it. Great, thanks.
Afghanistan's so called leader, Karzai, is toying with the U.S.
Happy Halloween! 
@pga4terry: @realDonaldTrump please become POTUS and make our nation great again!
@kornegay_danna: We have a bunch of idiots running the Government! Why Americans keep voting these same people back into office sickens me
Congrats to Pres.Obama and Dems. CBO has TRIPLED its estimate of working hours lost due to ObamaCare 
Fact u2013 Obama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
@FOGzide: @realDonaldTrump knows how to run a business and he knows how to run a country. So true!
@bigD921: @realDonaldTrump @jrnicholas8 I hope we can survive the rest of this losers 8 year term
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reason
@CircleofDocs                    n@realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago we love the Trump Chicago. Great place to live and visit.  Thank you.
@_tamx0: Best customer service at the trump hotel @realDonaldTrump
@linclonone  Congrats on your win. Never considered you would not win enjoy you every Monday on fox  Thank you
u201cLearn, know, and show. Itu2019s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@PatKetley: Birthdays are special and a retweet from @realDonaldTrump would make it even more special  Happy Birthday!
Donald Trump Will Be on Pennsylvania Avenue in 2016 &amp; Thereu2019s Nothing You Can Do About It 
@elizabethtrivis: @realDonaldTrump @G0D_ you will get my vote  Thanks!
Great article by @AmSpec's Jeffrey Lord: u201cThe Reagan Revolution. And nowu2026 the @realDonaldTrump Revolution?u201d 
Via @foxnewslatino: u201cDonald Trump Plans Huge Towers In Rio For Post-Olympic Building Boomu201d 
@kenzoeblair: If @realDonaldTrump retweeted me... I'd prob cry. Your tweets make my day.  Don't cry!
@loubie126: @realDonaldTrump @RowleyRhonda I echo these words...RUN for the presidency!
.@ericbolling  Great job on The Five tonight, and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks!
@DRJAMESCABOT: @realDonaldTrump @joelleangeli rock n roll back in the oval... Trump 2016...
The 2013 @NJPGA Course of the Year, Trump Natu2019l Bedminster is honored to be hosting the 2022 @PGAChampionship 
A legitimate article about me...
Thanks @LilJon for coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said, you are a terrific guy!
Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke
Central America's tallest building, @TrumpPanamau2019s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind 
#TrumpAdvice 
The premier landmark in midtown NYC, Trump Tower features our signature amenities w/a magnificent waterfall  
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
@sheryl_laine: DonaldTrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! There is hope and where there is hope there is promise
@Slim_Shady2o3: @realDonaldTrump you should run for president Donald. You would make one hell of a president!
Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland awarded 5 star status by Scottish Tourism chiefs. Via MailOnline 
@dgeurtt: Reading #ThinkLikeAChampion by @realDonaldTrump - THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL PERSON! Thank you Mr. Trump Thank you.
@TFleming11: @realDonaldTrump @jijassim Lived in Chicago all my life. Sign looks great! Thanks.
@PGA_com: The DonaldTrump &amp; sites of his 5 career holes in one. (4 sites, btw). #PGA14Annual 
Sorry, I wonu2019t be able to do @foxandfriends at 7 AM on Mondayu2014will be in India.
@RyanPaolucci: @realDonaldTrump please buy the bills nflcommish
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem.
Sorry, couldn't do @foxandfriends this morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7.
@Lotuschild32: @realDonaldTrump U would do more in 1 week than Obama has in 6 yrs! #Trump4Prez #FireObama
Via @HorsetalkNZ: u201cNYu2019s Central Park Horse Show a huge successu201dn  
@jclancy21: @realDonaldTrump @YourInfoBabe @slaw116 He was really terrible. Has he always been this unfunny or was he mailing it in?
I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.
@_spock: RT @mrgrumpystephen: Hi @realDonaldTrump itu2019s my birthday any chance of a retweet  Happy birthday!
@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will make America Strong again! Like it used to be! #Tump2016 So true!
@mearnest33 Agree that you as Pres would be a great change but I don't think this country can be turned around in 8 years It can be done!
@WeaverFever12: Everyone I know in western New York wants @realDonaldTrump to be the Bills next owner. @nflcommish.
Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed, no interest, last place on Earth I want to go to.
@foxandfriends in two minutes.
@BlakeHoagland  What is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur, Mr. Trump? You have to be passionate about your work!
This summer is very tough for the nationu2019s worst AG @AGSchneiderman. Moreland Commission is his disaster.
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine.
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake, he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back &amp; face justice.
@iam_nixz: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? - @realDonaldTrump xXx
Home ownership is at a 19 year low. If you can, buy now. You will thank me later.
What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 7.00 (15 minutes).
@JWysocki91: @realDonaldTrump I live in NH and will vote for you in 2016!!!  Thank you!
@JEngleLV: @realDonaldTrump had a great stay at #trumplasvegas  Thank you, people love it!
@graeme123s I have that many Trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me I have what it takes Thanks
@jdbailey08: @realDonaldTrump you're my hero. Keep up the good work. #TrumpForPresident
Designed by @IvankaTrump, @TrumpDoralu2019s New Villa Deluxe Guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends 
@TimGebby: I'm back following @realDonaldTrump and my twitter life just got better! #PresidentofTweet Great.
@adhowe5: I thought the Trump signage was very well done. Looks great! @realDonaldTrump
@_Doelicious: Save America! Vote for @realDonaldTrump #2016 !
@can_U_see_2020: @realDonaldTrump: @RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president! #Trump2016
Very excited for @LaraLeaYunaska and @EricTrumpu2019s wedding this weekend.
u201cYou have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying?
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World, President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!
Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
@cotyybaby: Why the fuss? Trump has the most beautiful building in Chicago! That sign will be iconic #TRUMP #Elegance #TrumpChicago
@nikkio:  6 BILLION $'s goes missing from State dept -Where's the outrage? If u were Prez- they'd find it fast 
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision.  Muhammad Ali
@TpartyAnita: @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews I adore them both!!!!!!!!!!
@paulscuz @realDonaldTrump I think he deals prisoners the same way he deals money. #Trump2016  True!
Press Conference at Glasgow Prestwick Airport this Friday Nov. 14 at 11 AM with Donald J. Trump &amp; Mr. Iain Cochrane 
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is fighting with @NYGovCuomo u2013Cuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser.
@PeteDahlgren  I find myself constantly thinking about MOMENTUM thks to you.  Keep giving great advice, we are listening.  O.K.
@SRWMiChelleJ: @realDonaldTrump and I have the same birthday...always praying I can emulate his business saavy. #GeminisWeAre
@eric_alon you buying @buffalobills would be the biggest thing since they were in 4 straight super bowls. Great for them &amp; @nfl@nflcommish
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: Trump adds events to his Iowa trip next month 
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whou2019s the boss?
@SportsMotto: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. u2013 Donald Trump
I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again, great and hard working people, but much would have to change-taxes, regs., etc
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
@Hasam_A: u201c@realDonaldTrump: Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardiu201d ud83dudc4c
.@MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive  Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy, looking forward to it!
@PriscoCBS  Thank you!
Obamau2019s China u2018climateu2019 deal binds America with language of u2018willu2019 curb emissions now while China only u2018intendsu2019 to curb in 2030. Bad deal!
@TheRealPWeight: You did say that when we leave bad guys will take the oil in Iraq.. ISIS controls a lot of it today. Good foresight.
By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars, much of it to China!
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
@MadG0d: Buffalo has one great Donald Trump - Doctor at Roswell Park Cancer Institute - We need another @realDonaldTrump ! @nflcommish
@MrScottMurray: Hey @realDonaldTrump, I'm very excited to hear we're getting #TheCelebrityApprentice back on TV in just 2 months!
@JeanRalphiooo I would endorse @realDonaldTrump in a presidential run &amp; would guarantee he could create fast economic growth in a year.Thx
@KauaiNj: @seanhannity Donald would definitely get us out of the deep doo-doo &amp; debt BO has driven us into. He has common/economic sense.
Just as I have been predicting for years, Iraq will fall to the people that hate  the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad.Keep the oil
Obamau2019s war on coal is killing American jobs, making us more energy dependent on our enemies &amp; creating a great business disadvantage.
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet, as usual, refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. Let the stupid Americans do it! SAD
If you canu2019t focus with unyielding resolve, then you will never be successful. Believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals.
@RustyPool1: @realDonaldTrump You know, America, whether you like him or not, Trump was 100% correct on this one.
@jomi101: @realDonaldTrump I love t recent pole showing Obama as the worst pres and Bush as t 2nd worst since WWII lol!!!
@slaw116: @realDonaldTrump Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible!
@sundayhorse @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfDC love a view without those damn Turbines. They make ppl sick.  True.
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
@DubC_Smitty:I don't know that much about Vladimir Putin,but I do know he's a black belt and he's real. DonaldTrump is a figure of strength
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.n -- Henry Ford
u201cI believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner.u201d - @JoeTorre
@CJDischinger: @MikeAndMike --- so @realDonaldTrump for @nfl commish? Loved his views.
@ThomTillis, you have run a wonderful campaign. Good luck today!
Black politicians are in prison based on Shirley Huntleyu2019s statements but not white @AGSchneiderman RACISM!  
@ToddThomson12: Is there enough room for @RSherman_25 and @realDonaldTrump egos in NYC at the same time? YES!
@MarkMoreland: It's worse for @PinehurstResort. I know I wouldn't pay $400 to play what looks like a neglected municipal course.
With 18 beautiful holes, each boasting unique characteristics, Trump Natu2019l Philadelphia is a Golf treasure 
u201cWorry destroys focus.u201d u2013 Think Big
Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest. -- Think Like a Champion
@TheoVynalek: @realDonaldTrump nothing like downtown Chicago! 
I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win.n -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
#TBT As a young man when I proposed the Convention Center in New York City. 
@janecat60: Offensive to @JoeHo &amp; @realDonaldTrump ~ Windfarms ~ 
@FLGorman_HB: Lunch w Donald Trump @icsc New York National Dealmaking. Really good.
Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day, year and life! The World, with great leadership, will become a much more beautiful place!
Via @lohud  by @hoopsmbd: u201cBuzz builds for @TrumpFerryPointu201dn
Johnny Milleru2014Great job this weekend. Most insightful and tough. See you at Doral.
@druudruu: @realDonaldTrump worked there once. Stayed there too. It was a dream both times!
@DonNadeau Thank you so much for supporting a larger Galaxy-like iPhone screen. Even with glasses, current one strains. #Apple  True.
@sdillam: @realDonaldTrump shuts down NBCu2019s @MLauer: u2018Putin has eaten Obamau2019s lunchu2019 
@RealMaky: I really look up to @realDonaldTrump his work ethic is great! Continuing to work hard and to work smart ud83dude4f
@C_ROB_33: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016
@jywjr As much as Buffalo respected &amp; loved Mr. Wilson it would bring excitement &amp; prestige to have Mr. Trump own the Bills. @nflcommish
@footballguru99: @realDonaldTrump Love the sign!!! 
@cherylglitters: @realDonaldTrump you would definately have my vote!
u201cGenerals don't panic; then the troops never panic.u201d - @SHAQ
@PMA1048 @realDonaldTrump not sure what the fuss is about, I think the sign looks great! 
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
@shawnrss: @realDonaldTrump @avellacompany1 Trump, we are all serious, you better be President friend.
@jeffredman5: @realDonaldTrump celebrity apprentice is truly a great show. Great cast every season!
Models! Remember to register for the Trump Model Search. Check out the info here: 
Article from The Street--The Donald's Trump Card: Himself 
.@katyperry  I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke, a dummy who is lost!
@Technotoaster: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis the world would love you to put up or shut up Donald. I think u CAN do it, but WILL u?Watch
@juanjgers: @realDonaldTrump when are you deciding if you will run in 2016? You got my vote!ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83dudc18 Thanks!
Congratulations to @sethmeyers on u201cEmmyu2019s Rating Tumbleu201d 
@cycick   Donald Trump is the King of quotes you really should listen to him!nThanks.
Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #Oscars
@PREACHPALERIDER:  begged you 3 years ago to run for pres....2016 is America's last shot before descent into darkness...consider it now.
.@TrumpDoral's golf courses The Red Tiger, The Silver Fox &amp; The Golden Palm are on track to open later this year 
@AdverTina: @realDonaldTrump RU at @TrumpChicago watching #NikWalenda #SkyscraperLive ?
@danieljshaw @realDonaldTrump @Letterman was always funny watching you two banter! That will be missed!  I agree!
@hillarysusans: Children not spoiled celebrities. Who did something right? You did! No entitlement mentality. #TrumpForPresident
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarine
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
@JerseyShoeLace: I have an internal debate on whether or not to unfollow @realDonaldTrump on a daily basis You can't live without it!
@benlouix: @realDonaldTrump you are the most influential man in the world. And @RSherman_25 is a close second after tonight's game
Rosechem1 One of the reasons that I like you is because I feel that old American greatness in your mentality. It makes me feel hope! Thx.
@hersheyKISSling: I'd have to say that @realDonaldTrump has one of the best accounts on Twitter
@thespinepillow: @realDonaldTrump please run for prez. Would b great to have a real man in the White House again.
@GrandeEvents Can't wait for the opening of your new hotel in the old post office building in DC. We know it will be fabulous!  Thank you.
@ndumisozungu22: @realDonaldTrump The only human i would trust to be president  Thanks!
@Coximus2: Oh, Donald. Don't ever change @realDonaldTrump I will try not to!
@kverb12345: @realDonaldTrump sign is the right size given size of the building.
@cisrabbit: Not to mention we already had two Bush presidents, neither of which were too successful. Insanity would be to want a third.
Make it special!  No better place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Windy City than @TrumpChicago 
@cs522: @realDonaldTrump @StdyeddyD LOL~ Everything in life is luck. Donald Trump  I never made this ridiculous statement.
I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland, property will be great. ALWAYS CHECKING!
@KellyMcKayShow: @LeezaGibbons @DebbieGibson @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump awesome. Ill be watching. Kick some butt!
We should never have gone into Iraq but, once in, should have gotten out a lot faster. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House, @SteveCrisafulli u2013 a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader.
Via @HeraldBusiness by @hannahbsampson: u201c@TrumpDoral looking to hire hundredsu201dn  
It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed
@MotherJones: Jon Stewart would have been a terrible host of Meet the Press 
@nikkio Just saw photos of sign at night - looks really nice. Chronic complainers moan about everything --ignore them.  Thanks!
@tonyge0101                  n@realDonaldTrump  why don't you buy your own team? You'll be the best owner ever!  Thanks.
@zedd_tahlz: Can't wait for the new season of #CelebrityApprentice its gonna be epic!! Great cast selection @realDonaldTrump
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!
Focus on your goals, not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Be open to change--it's another word for innovation.
@bisignano912704: @realDonaldTrump liberal rag is done
@epowell88:  Worked @ restaurant for 33 yrs &amp; got fired because they didn't think I could keep up. No severance! Would u do that? NO WAY!
@pwnza: @realDonaldTrump why aren't you president yet?  A very good question!
With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S., we have just cut the hell out of the military budget, making it smallest since '39
Watch to see the new cast of @ApprenticeNBC- 
@dirtmeister: @realDonaldTrump Everyone wants to back you for '16. Don't think Hillary can take you if you have a well rounded team.
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be redone
#FlashbackFriday With Mickey Rooney, @Regis and @itstonybennett 
@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @MMayer87 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Looks like a great cast. The show is incredible. Can't wait!
Via @PressClubDC by @snlyngaas: u201cTrump Says U.S. Brand Has Lost Its Lusteru201d 
#FlashbackFriday @kimkardashian on the set of @ApprenticeNBC 
@codymangano @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016  we need you  Thank you.
@Yzaccount  @realDonaldTrump  Your Dad for sure has a son to be proud of....We all are:) So nice, thanks!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes.  Much to talk about, enjoy!
With Miamiu2019s top #NewYearsEve vacation package @TrumpDoral is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015. 
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.n -- Albert Einstein
@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016!
@Cyrus_T_Virus: The only thing I asked for as Xmas gifts this year are a @realDonaldTrump presidential campaign and a BOFA! #Trump2016
@michell07677681: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends please run for president!
@GrandmaNYCA: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for speaking up for Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi on @foxandfriends this morning. @FreeTheMarine
@BernardCastro3: @realDonaldTrump Wishing you Happy Holidays. Can't wait for the #CelebrityApprentice to start in January.
@UP1775: @RitaEvelynYanez @realDonaldTrump yeah true, but hey he would be a good president
@Ceg72Kevin: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president,that would be a real wake up call to the world, would be a great president Thanks
Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit &amp; because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress.
@AveryChasten: @realDonaldTrump If not you, then who? #2016 #nooptions
Thank you @HauteLivingMag for naming @TrumpDoral the #1 golf course in Miami  
@amarudacosta: Sadly @realDonaldTrump was correct about South Africa - the level of violence is irrepressible
Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing?
China has just overtaken us as the worldu2019s largest economy. We are busy wasting $'s while China builds airports &amp; skyscrapers.
@Nottinghams1: @FWproud #JohnRoberts biggest turncoat of them all. We know what #ObamaTheDestroyer is but JR pretends to be #Conservative
@boobunni_: Might buy a tv just to see @realDonaldTrump on Monday mornings on @foxandfriends Great.
@domenicsiracusa: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis THE DONALD SHOULD BE PRESIDENT
An architectural landmark, @TrumpTowerNY offers sweeping, panoramic views of Fifth Avenue 
@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump In love with Trump Tower too! Clearly Tower built by man who is strong &amp; abel to serve as OUR PRESEDENT!
@KatieDaviscourt: I am totally voting for @realDonaldTrump if he runs for President!! Thanks.
@LIpokeraddict: @realDonaldTrump please please please run 2016
@futureicon: @pinksugar61 Obama also fabricated his own birth certificate after being pressured to produce one by @realDonaldTrump
The people of Ireland are very smartu2014they just killed an ugly windfarm which would've hurt tourism @AlexSalmondn  
@wrcosentino @TrumpTowerNY was there for the 1st time last week, beautiful bldg inside too!!  Thanks.
beepee2004 Thank you very much Donald. Here is another. 
@RivalofElmBlock: @TMZ mark cuban is a nut. way less powerful than Donald Trump  I agree - also, in many ways, a total loser!
@carisa01huston: @realDonaldTrump You rock....ditch the haters, and keep speaking the truth. They just don't like what they hear!
@nawal: If someone knows they made a mistake and they apologize, forgive them and move on, but never trust them again. by @realDonaldTrump
Again, I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate, some not!
Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!
A 7,242 yd. masterpiece, @TrumpGolfLAu2019s $250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views 
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
@FrontRowBrian You also hosted the greatest MMA event of all time... #WRESTLEMANIA... TWICE!!! You are a great American sir.  Thanks.
@DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump RT: u201c@TMZ_Sports: Tiger Woods -- I'm Working for Donald Trump! 
@seankesser:  @realDonaldTrump Trump University had 98% approval ratings,beats Harvard, NYU &amp; other top universities
@edcloud9: No one man can turn this country around and get us back on track. But one @realDonaldTrump can! 2016! HappyBirthday!
I'll be co-hosting @extratv tonight. Be sure to tune in!
@becka_gill: @realDonaldTrump Please do our country a favor and run for President.
There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called journalists can make up lies and get away with it
@tiffanypearls It's no secret that @realDonaldTrump is my hero. Think big. Work #smart Thanks Jill, best wishes.
@jglenstevens No, we need a great businessman.
@StephenCur: First night in @realDonaldTrump hotel in Doonbeg. Great location, accommodation and food. I think Donald is onto a winner.
@rabidcop109                    nthanks Donald for the biz tips... Really have me feeling like I can go do this!! Great ideas  Terrific!
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
@noahhoch: Happy birthday to @realDonaldTrump the wisest man in the US. #2016  Thanks.
@ritholtz: My understanding is Tim Cook lies awake most nights worrying about what you think about their latest iPhone.  True!
The only reason I bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo, where they belong. Mission accomplished.
@ALSAMA New hairstyle for Donald Trump? We think it looks great all slicked back!  #ALSIceBucketChallenge Maybe I will do it someday--thx!
@muzic Mr. Trump. I am a huge fan. I have all of your books and think you are a true genius. When will you run for president sir? Watch!
Entrepreneurs, keep this in mind:nGreat spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.n -- Albert Einstein
@AveGratiaPlena: @realDonaldTrump I saw Trump Tower in Chicago on Fox...it looks beautiful! Congratulations! Love the TRUMP sign too.
@chpnaput:  Donald, you need to promote the GILC, it is a great event and shows off Doonbeg. Best resort I have ever stayed at!
@DISTRICTLAND14 @realDonaldTrump We know a fourth-grader who thinks he's the next Trump!  Tell him to work hard!
@Tizrobbie: What a stunning hotel! Great work! @realDonaldTrump 
@dasboot96  Scotland's loss for being short sighted.  Wish you every success with the new club. Thank you.  @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. -- Henry Ford
@RzcarlsonRuth: @realDonaldTrump just saw you on Greta.... Love listening to you speak. I have so much respect for you.  Thank you!
@joblink31: @realDonaldTrump Trump is so important, that every time he's makes a decision, it's good for the economy .
Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!
BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned @Nia_Sanchez_!
@robsine: Wearing my @realDonaldTrump tie today. Gonna be a great day. #confidence #wishihadfiveofthem Great!
Via @BreitbartSports by @warnerthuston: u201cDonald Trump Buys Four-Time British @The_Open Golf Courseu201d 
Strong debate by @PerdueSenate. No question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington. #GASen
@danywasking: @realDonaldTrump your on fire this morning.. too bad your not the prez.. ;) I agree!
So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a highway for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast
@Halesy74: Just watched the CNN living golf segment. Interesting interview and Trump International course was looking spectacular!!
Experience, knowledge, and prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate them. - Think Like a Champion
Great write-up on @thedailymeal about our new Executive Sous Chef Sydney Jones @TrumpLasVegas: 
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!
@diverojalv: @realDonaldTrump @chrispilz my only concern w/Trump running for prez is that he could only serve two terms!  Very cute!
@justtreatsgolf  Hair-raising stuff as golf mogul @realDonaldTrump proves that it is his real hair with his #IceBucketChallenge  Thanks.
Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff  Manor, Westchester, is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads, high taxes, housing down. @westchestergov
@workwithKG: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump - So very true!
@MSchneble: @realDonaldTrump it's great to see that the Trump name will be in DC  Thank you.
@EmpireofSocial: Tell me one industry @realDonaldTrump does not have a business in  There are many!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. n -- Mark Twain
At least ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber admitted, albeit privately, that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars.
@LeAnneLovesArt: @realDonaldTrump New York City hospital testing patient for possible Ebola infection... 
@TangoEchoAlpha: @realDonaldTrump ..who the F is Bill Maher? Nobody really!
@CC1285: @realDonaldTrump please run for president !!! So many clueless people in leadership roles that have no business being there !!
@kerps80 @TrumpChicago  @CNJohansens   Absolutely love The Trump in Chicago!  The view from the bar is incredible!!  Thank you.
@BesttQuotes_: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.u2013Donald Trump  True!
@nandigold13: @realDonaldTrump thanks for all the inspirational tweets ..I like to.learn from the best  Thank you!
@straussanator: @realDonaldTrump When is the Apprentice coming back? Very soon, recently finished shooting - and it is great!
@baileyandy69: @SaggaSwagga @WayneASchneider Donald Trump would be an amazing president because he's not gonna sugar coat anything. #TRUMP
@DenZen: @realDonaldTrump I love your passion &amp; boundless energy. It's fantastic just how tireless u are in your quest for an ideal America
@jry227:  I have lived in Chicago my whole life, love the sign. It brings class to the River. Don't know what the big deal is!
The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore
@larksnestartist @MagnaSearchGRP As a pediatrician I have fought multiple vaccine doses in children for years. Thank you for your efforts.
Today at 1:30PM CT I will be addressing @RepLeadConf in New Orleans 
@G0D_: @RealShaneHiles @realDonaldTrump until @realDonaldTrump a proven job creator &amp; inspiration for the common man
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY!
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!
@jesale84: @realDonaldTrump if you were president Mr.Trump what would you do to change the direction this country is going in?  Many things
Trump Natu2019l Jupiteru2019s @jacknicklaus designed course is a challenging &amp; innovative 7,531 yds w/special features 
@AlexDub182821: @realDonaldTrump Couldn't agree more about Seth Meyers He wss not meant for television - very sad!
Little Andy Lassner, who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself, is having a really bad night! #Oscars
@mega1123: @realDonaldTrump Please Mr. Trump, put @derekhough on your show #CelebApprentice?  He would do great!
This may be the worst football game ever played by one team, Denver! Hard to watch.
@dexcaliber:  I have to confess, I think the Mr. Trump would have been a much better President then this fool we hav in office now.
@RamDurand:  @VinnyGooch The media who loves Donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid. Cant even trust Fox
@jtatsuno                          n@realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, it's commendable that you have over 2.5 million Follows....  Thank you.
How come discredited reporter @mckaycoppins refused to write that the events in New Hampshire, Buffalo and N.Y. were all record breakers!
The best vision is insight.n -- Malcolm Forbes
@gio_th: If you want to test a man's character, give him power.u201du2014Abraham Lincoln
@ga888ino: @realDonaldTrump what's holding you back from running for president? Live &amp; die for your beliefs... Stay tuned!
@ribkamaria1: RT @Pursuitist: Stunning hotel! Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago. @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago
@Meep_Swizzle: My 666th tweet goes out to @realDonaldTrump you are the man sir #keepenterprising  Great!
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!
Mullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. Maarten. @PrimeMinisterSX  should be ashamed for allowing this.
@darrenkellytv Trump has done it again - excellence, elegance, &amp; excitement. Brilliant news for Ireland. County Clare is buzzing Thanks!
Via @BreitbartNews by mboyle1: EXCLUSIVE - DONALD TRUMP CONFIRMED TO SPEAK AT #CPAC2014 
.@VinceMcMahon @MikeTyson @HomerJSimpson I think I'm going to accept the #IceBucketChallenge- stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrowu2026.
Chinese oil trader just bought u201crecord numberu201d of Mideast crude 
@BobSmit98038199: @realDonaldTrump where can I get these ties ? @Macys and Trump Tower.
.@foxandfriends in five minutes.  Enjoy!
@evneleven: @realDonaldTrump for President! Your the only one who knows how to run this country #TrumpforPres #success #awesomeness
@PropertyJustice: @Jackshallis Strange how Obama was such a great speaker before his election &amp; simply carried on only speaking &amp; no doing.
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our  leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!
@AwakKeNTV: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president! please save us man
@BestMJPics: Michael Jackson with Donald Trump #BestMJPics 
Via @11AliveNews by @JenniferJJacobs: u201cTrump heads to Iowa as '16 speculation risesu201d 
@MSantiago70: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! Your the only one for the job
Congrats to @leezeldin on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped!  #NY1
@phemale61: @MattBinder @realDonaldTrump Run Trump Run!!
@MELANIATRUMP: My husband honored by the Wharton School of Finance. The Joseph Wharton Award. Congratulations!. ud83dudc4f 
@vijaychopra7       nU are one of the most gifted personalities today. Keep rocking the world with ur ingenious thoughts Thank you.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
Someone just asked me, who is my favorite Donald Trump impersonator? 
@TeaPartyThad    @realDonaldTrump man DJ! You are such an inspiration brother. Thanks for being you! Thank you.
Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago, not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune!
.@greta: Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. #Marinefreed
@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump you are a  decent man &amp; true to your word. America needs you mr Trump. Plz run for president.
@elChucacabra: @realDonaldTrump Obama can strike a deal with the Taliban, but can't make a deal with congress.
Featuring five championship golf courses including the Blue Monster, @TrumpDoral is South Miamiu2019s top destination 
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the @LoebSchool First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
@70sBaseball A great sports fan &amp; business man! DT &amp; his son w/George &amp; Billy during Spring Training 
Believe you can and you're halfway there.n -- Theodore Roosevelt
@REALNickVenti: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump way before I'd vote for Hillary. Great!
@SurayaZayn: @realDonaldTrump i find yourself and your children exemplary and inspirational, Sir.  Thank You.
.@usgsa A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud!
@HelsCahill: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on adding the beautiful West of Ireland to your golf club portfolio. You have lifted the country!
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
@warrencasselljr: @realDonaldTrump You are a rockstar! No, just someone who wants to see things done right, but thanks!
Rio de Janeiro joins the @TrumpCollection in 2016. Itu2019s going to be a spectacular hotel! 
Remember our brave men &amp; women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day!
@pruett_jason: @realDonaldTrump Would be honored to get a follow from the greatest businessman ever!!! #followtheleader
@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump We need Trump 1) in the NFL, 2) in the Oval Office, and 3) on his own reality show. Cute!
Entrepreneurs: You have to have passion. If you love your work, success will follow.
@StacieLarson777: @foxandfriends Im waiting....4..President Trump!!!!!! :)...I love when u come on fox n friends!! Good Morning..
@Lfarotimi: @realDonaldTrump quote you don't have to be ruthless, you have to be smart.
@immlawyercanada: @realDonaldTrump BRILLIANT! Thank you!
@_tamx0: @realDonaldTrump in love with your hotel Toronto location
@ALennemann650 @realDonaldTrump Great Interview on @sternshow #Trump  Thank you.
Saw @mcuban try to hit a ball in Lake Tahoe while I played in tournament- heu2019s got no talent or strength!!!! @TMZ
@Wolf_Hausmann: What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. --Donald Trump
@tomko13: If @realDonaldTrump buys the Bills they will win the Super Bowl within 5 years. #buytheEagles  @nflcommish
@kingcamsmith: @realDonaldTrump please run in '16 Kentucky is ready to support you!! Thanks.
@SMarkelon: Get this liar out of the White House. @realDonaldTrump for president 2016! He has the drive and business leadership we need!
Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
@coreymccrack3n: @realDonaldTrump had a good point this morning on @MikeAndMike. The refs are flag happy, and make watching games boring.
@Hotdamsel2: @realDonaldTrump Yeah Please run for President, we need some serious change and someone who cares about our country in office!
Failing comedian Bill Maher, who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night, is really a dumb guy, just look at his past!
@LaytonJPalmer: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016 is the only way to go!
@IamSloany: @realDonaldTrump the only thing we need Is you too run!!  We can be great again.
@spicedevilz: @realDonaldTrump How did you keep your hair looking good over the decades? Wow, one of the few nice comments about my hair!
@Kelliejo2013: Your tweets are so entertaining!!! And Pinehurst DID look like cow shit! Dusty ass tumbleweeds blowing around. Geeeezzzz
@egre_naamahah: @armand_i_am Dreams don't come true visions do, @realDonaldTrump @richardbranson are not dreamers they are visionaries,
@CharlieMaikis: @realDonaldTrump I completely agree with DT here. Pinehurst looks bad. I wouldn't pay $400 to play if it looked like that.
Iu2019ve been watching very little @CNBC latelyu2014the good news is Iu2019m switching over to  @BloombergNews and @FoxNews.
@SAVEHICNO1: @realDonaldTrump @mooovin_on I WILL GLADLY BE YOUR CAMPAIGN MANAGER DONALD I WANTED YOU TO BE PRESIDENT LAST ELECTION
@Michele_1L_: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends well anyway....Give em hell on the flight ban to Ebola regions.
@MasterBaxter8: @MELANIATRUMP probably one of the most beautiful  ladies to walk the planet, of course @realDonaldTrump is her husband!
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.n -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
@oversplayer: @realDonaldTrump u201cHollywood has unfortunately become a memory. It's nothing but a sign on the side of a hill.u201d  Mickey Rooney
@mrinho1: @Orbitz @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki Looks like my kind of place D. Trump. You are the man my friend  Thanks, a great hotel.
@lee_turton Can you buy @realDonaldTrump merchandise in the UK or do you ship world wide? Cheers  Go to 
@BJKizer74: Mr.Trump, I love that you are crushing the #CowardInChief on social media. As a former Marine I have ZERO respect for #Obummer.
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden, ObamaCare, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more
@AlbyMetevier: @realDonaldTrump Mr trump will u save America and run? I know the job sucks but we need it fixed. So true!
@buddholly: @realDonaldTrump you are my #1 man. please run for president i cannot vote for anyone else! Thanks.
@PhilStephen @JustinRose99 @realDonaldTrump sensational. Make sure you play the full 18 before you go...  Thanks Phil.
@KanStalwart3  @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @Aberdeenshire Truth look to Southern California ugly white poles with bird killing fans
Rising 70 stories over Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama offers our elite amenities in Latin Americas tallest building  
The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents &amp; military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies.
Designed by @jacknicklaus, Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point's 18-hole course sits by the Bronx's Whitestone Bridge 
@Real_Tess_Bloom: In my first Presidential election that I can vote in I would vote for @realDonaldTrump #run2016  Great!
@JoshHasADog: @realDonaldTrump @ronmeier123 @JebBurtonRacing @jerrysan52 Donald Real Deal Trump. I've been calling him that for years!!!!
The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh, then want to sell us the bodies for $1,000,000. We fight over sleep deprivation!
@touchme721                                      @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump one beautiful course Thank you.
Young entrepreneurs u2013  Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win &amp; gain confidence.
Massive record setting  snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$
@ChiliDawgFan: @Espngreeny  @FrankCaliendo Outstanding. Maybe Frank could do @criscarter80 someday. And Mr. Trump is a good sport.
@BestBergerEver: @realDonaldTrump I agree! Durst is the worst! 
Great going @themichellewie u2013you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter @TNGCJ
Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain, &amp; is an important element of success.
@_WatchMyProcess: 
@lightlybarbara: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump you should run for president seriously
Watch u2013 Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
@jeffraissle @realDonaldTrump  When will #CelebrityApprentice be back? I miss TV's best reality show!  Very soon--shooting now!
@PBenza: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @GolfDigestAU @newscomauHQ @dailytelegraph ud83cudf7bu26f3ufe0fthanks Donald! Turnberry will be better than ever!
@TheBingle: @realDonaldTrump @RiannaRichards Donald Trump said that before the virus' made it to U.S. That's what I do!
@mattmiller728                         @realDonaldTrump I love all of your books very helpful  Thanks, good luck!
Isn't it crazy, I'm worth billions of dollars, employ thousands of people, and get libeled by  moron bloggers who can't afford a suit! WILD.
@RachaelMarieabl: I refuse to vote in 2016 unless @realDonaldTrump is running &amp; if he's not I'm getting a one way ticket outta here
@jsalbertousa: I visited NYC last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city. Greetings from Miami.
I will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7).
@wolf_grayson: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump 2016. You better win.
A spectacular lake front club w/  dramatic course designed by @SharkGregNorman, @Trump_Charlotte is NCu2019s top club 
@DanScavino: .@RonWhittenGD ~ AWESOME to read!! I told you that - great piece in recognizing @realDonaldTrump's impact on #golf!ud83dudc4dud83dudc4du203cufe0f
@foxesbA  I knew the mainstream media was going to selectively hear what you were saying as I listened to your interview. So did I!
@AlexandraCMauro @realDonaldTrump any books you suggest for young entrepreneurs? Midas Touch is excellent &amp; written for entrepreneurs.
@ItBegins2012: @realDonaldTrump Trump, you are great - you speak your mind and should continue to do so
The Jets just don't have it. Time for a quarterback change!
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster, and I feel this is only the beginning!
@MarkTromBoyd: Brekkie and round of golf at the amazing @TrumpScotland course. Great facilities @realDonaldTrump!
@_xx_Alesa: I know mine for 2016 and you've my vote @realDonaldTrump Please get our Country back where it belongs. Please!!! Thanks.
@tegodreaux: @realDonaldTrump Not on your watch MR. President... 100% true!
@CREEutiful  @realDonaldTrump - saw the NYC Trump buildings this past wknd! amazing! Can't wait to go back n see more! Great, thanks.
@ronmeier123: @foxandfriends You are exactly what America needs going forward! MR. TRUMP for President in 2016 is a SMART BET!
@Garrett__Cox: Mr. TRUMP very excited for the new season of The Celebrity Apprentice! Incredible show, always top level television
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
Home of the iconic Ailsa, a four time @The_Open course, @TrumpTurnberry is a landmark on the Ayrshire coastline 
@bsarikas  A Trump Makeover for Washingtonu2019s Old Post Office  
@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity @spidersteve1977 MR. Trump is a Class Act! THANK YOU.
@FastTrackTalent: @realDonaldTrump booked @terrellowens for @ApprenticeNBC ?? I have to watch this!! #Apprentice #GetYourPopcornready.
Thank you to the greatest heroes 
@TV_BD @realDonaldTrump what's the best advice to be successful in business? Have passion for your work. Then focus and never give up.
@MajesticBrotha: @realDonaldTrump I'm a Liberal but I feel Mayor Emanual has bigger fish to fry in Chi-town than a Trump sign
@illusiverealm: @realDonaldTrump will be our strongest leader since Reagan I agree, thanks!
@ModivMusic I've been reading @theRealKiyosaki books and about @WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read! The Art of the Deal
@brettjamess @realDonaldTrump you will be the savior of the city of buffalo. Please buy the bills @nflcommish
Obama attacks the CIA for  waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
@jjbentleyartist: @realDonaldTrump If you are president I would hope this kind of honest commentary would remain
What is happening in Atlantic City, casino closures, is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing
@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump I'm glad to see you come out strong against Sterling today. Typical Trump, a strong voice.
@IDollyLenz  RIGHT ON! u201cSuccess breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. Thanks Dolly!
@Ja: Waldorf Astoria's sale &amp; 7 iconic New York hotels 
@BallStateCT: I tweet about sports,but if @realDonaldTrump would run for POTUS, he would beat Hillary and get us back on track. #yourefired
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
No matter what you're managing, don't assume you can glide by. You have to work to maintain your momentum. - Trump: How to Get Rich
@JUrciuoli19: @getjohnkelly @realDonaldTrump Apprentice is awesome
@TMSGPGA: The Donald preaches on golfs economic impact in US... Let's tell this story! #pga14annual @pgaofamerica 
@calebsthomas @realDonaldTrump what books should I read for business? Particularly by you  Start with The Art of the Deal.
@russiannavyblog:  @dr_rita39 I follow Mr. Trump in a crusade to get him to restore Western Civilization with a Trump/Palin '16 ticket!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
@PWR34: Wow, @realDonaldTrump knows how to build 'em. #Chicago 
@GolfSwingShirt @BilldaBeastII Team Golf Swing Shirt just played at Trump LA with Padraig Harrington -great conditions &amp; a beautiful course
@nicolabarbolini: Playing at Trump Los Angeles! Amazing round of golf in the best course in west coast! Unforgettable ocean view!
Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!
When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies, i.e. Mexico and others.
@Annmajkrzak: @AP  @cbschicago I like the Trump Logo on the building! I feel this is a personal fight! &amp; will this fight cost IL residents
Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail.
u201cYou have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.u201d u2013 Albert Einstein
People often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is simple: passion, focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going.
@Bobbyblanton1: @realDonaldTrump I believe that's you!! You'll have my family's vote should you run!!
@marionx72 Hope you've enjoyed your time at Turnberry. The surrounding towns will benefit too ! High 5 for the investment  Thank you.
@Youxia88: Good idea. RT @realDonaldTrump: @harpers1niter: @realDonaldTrump Let's just put you in the white House now.
@arabinkid88: @realDonaldTrump true inspiration to many people including myself #StriveForGreatness
@Vesparum @realDonaldTrump another great evening at MacLeod House  Thank you.
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy &amp; tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!
Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive. - Think Like a Champion
Have passion, drive, and enthusiasm? You can check out the @TrumpCollection careers here: 
Understand that difficulties, mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...But always look for the opportunities.
@WayneHancock88: I think that @realDonaldTrump should be the next Commissioner of the @nfl! #BringBackFootball
Learning never exhausts the mind.n -- Leonardo da Vinci
If you are steadfast in your efforts, critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward, and achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border &amp; our servicemen. Boycott!  #freeourmarine
@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump It even lights up?? That's so HOT #Bestchicagosign
Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!
@ipod_jay: @realDonaldTrump @carlideibel7 You'll make a great president Thanks.
@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump If ever we needed someone to lead us out of this mess, nowu2019s the time, DJ! 
@Max_Dub12: Still one of my all time favorite cameos. Down the hall and to the left @realDonaldTrump #HomeAlone #classic
u201cLet your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you.u201d u2013 Trump Never Give Up
The Mar-a-Lago Club, the crown jewel of Palm Beach, is a landmark in the National Register of Historic Places 
.@Joan_Rivers   Get well soon Joan - keep fighting!
u201cTalent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.u201d - Michael Jordan
In beautiful Pine Hill, Trump Natu2019l Philadelphiau2019s award winning course provides amazing views of Philly skyline 
@adrianatarsia: @realDonaldTrump thank you for being the voice of reason!
@CRRoussos: @realDonaldTrump You were 100% spot on about the judge in the Oscar Pistorius trial. Complete and utter moron.
@thatshortkidJoe: Merry Christmas @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
Congrats @marklevinshow on fantastic article--when u201cBu201d writes so nicely about you, it really means something. 
Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
@iadoreem: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP She would make a beautiful First Lady  So true!
@ScottJamesWard: @realDonaldTrump haha I don't even live in America but it would be awesome to see you president lol.
@App_master12: @realDonaldTrump would get my vote for president any day!!! #America
@TBuffT:  @TheNickSutton @theviewtv Hearing Rosie's name makes me nauseous! Seeing her face makes me puke! Cant imagine WATCHING her!
@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump We have hope. We still have Mr. Trump!  Thank you!
@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump I detest @ariannahuff with a passion!   And for good reason, she is a complete phoney!
@PIERPAOLOMONNI  Welcome back in Europe @realDonaldTrump! #Barcelona #Europe  Thank you.
@keegster51: HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my idol @realDonaldTrump! I hope one day to be as successful as you! #TRUMP2016  Work hard!
@MattGinellaGCSadly Matt, you don't understand golf (even though you think you do).I have numerous couses that are far superior to Pinehurst
@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump @RyanKainec1 Yes, and what a great first lady we would have!  True!
Via @TheScotsman: u201cDonald Trumpu2019s @TrumpTurnberry plan gets go-aheadu201d 
@YankeeRunner: I love Mon Mornings when T is on @foxandfriends as the voice of reason to tell it like it is&amp;dispel another wk of Obama Lies
@Silverfoxgranny:  #SaudiArabia Saudi Arabia are nothing but mouth pieces, bullies, cowards. They have the money, but no guts
@Jetsbb: @realDonaldTrump That win will have massive ramifications for the next decade. A very bleak day for the @nyjets I agree!
@ricktimlick   in grade 7 while others wrote book reports on fairy tales mine was on The Art of the Deal! Always admired you.  Thanks.
@gaylemcconnau: @realDonaldTrump  It would be an answer to our prayers for you to bring us up out of this horrible hell we are in now
@MJB____: I just bought #ArtOfTheDeal and #ThinkBig @realDonaldTrump Great, enjoy!
@CheezitsCat: .@realDonaldTrump what is ur favorite plane?  Boeing 757 and Citation X.
@natalieccook @realDonaldTrump the best thing to happen to ur country is 2 c Mr Trump as President. 1st thing to change...ur health system.
@lewisbetesh: @realDonaldTrump @CMHollon  Mr. Trump, look into buying the mets from the wilpons. They are failing nyc Very sad!
@moniquehorsey: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas! Hope you and your beautiful family have a fantastic day. Thank you.
#TBT For all who have been asking, my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. Here we are with my father- 
On rugged Aberdeenshire coastline,@TrumpScotlandu2019s Par 72 course is 7,400 picturesque yds. threaded through dunes 
The massive Blue Monster @TrumpDoral is getting rave reviews. I built it in one yearu2014no easy feat!
@tlwhitney1 @realDonaldTrump @nflcommish would give the city hope .. would give Bills fans hope for a promising team
@balango212  Donald J. Trump, my biggest inspirational in life.  Thank you.
@stewart5337: Hi, Don't know why it took me so long to follow you.Welcome to Ireland looking forward to visit your new Golf Club
When times are difficult, you must be even more focused. Thatu2019s when you will find profitable opportunities.
@lagooner111 @TrumpWaikiki pure #luxury! #trump does it the best! 1st class service &amp; I've only been here 30min. Staff is amazing! Thanks.
@DavidBarringer4  For the record, Trump ties are the best ties I have ever owned.  High quality and very appealing Thanks.
@RandDHenninger    great quote!                I'm in the turf business. Nj and Phil. Your sups and courses are top notch!  Thank you.
#FlashbackFriday Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of @TrumpRink -
@indigoblue65: @realDonaldTrump Ummm...I like the sound of President Trump!?!?!  Thank you!
.@David_Cameron  Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp; E bills
@TalismanJohnnyA  @reallDonaldTrump Love watching ya man...wish you did more on Mondays than just 5 minutes or so though.. @foxandfriends
@K_Swisher69  Thanks Kasey!
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.  -- Pablo Picasso
Edddie24   Mr. Trump is a real American patriot.  You have my vote if you ever ran. ud83dudc4d  Thank you.
@ShadeTreeGambla: @realDonaldTrump irony is.... Imagine all the fossil fuels required to rescue that ship of idiots!
@DerrickFawley:  Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchillu201d
@betocolombia1: @realDonaldTrump @KyleKissKiss  Donald, you will win, but I have pray for you becuse it is the destiny of earth!!
I can't get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!
u201cThe achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.u201d u2013 Vince Lombardi
To be a winner, think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks.
@HebExcursions: @realDonaldTrump Tours of Lewis and Harris with Hebridean Excursions  Great places!
Young entrepreneurs u2013 always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
@M_Sallis: @realDonaldTrump what is the completion date for the #VancouverProperty #TrumpVancouver  Soon!
Thank you @tweetbypremier for selecting the Ocean View Suite @Trump_Ireland as one of your top 10 suites 
Itu2019s Tuesday. How many fundraisers, travelling on the taxpayer dime, will Obama hold today?
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump endorsed @leezeldin early on and he pulled off a real upset - Sounds like #Trump2016 just gained a few points
@Mega_Murph_: We need smart people like @realDonaldTrump in office -  he can get America back on it's feet
Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M ObamaCare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants 
Vera Coking made a big mistake in Atlantic City by turning down many millions of $u2019s years ago for property that just sold for $530,000.
Via @WBJonline by @WBJHolan: u201cDonald Trump hints at presidential run, promises 'great luxury hotel' for D.C.u201d 
@dcolon2112: All hate'n T This was my tweet Watching the #USOpen It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course Looks awful
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal
@Andigriffin: @realDonaldTrump @sethmeyers Give him time! You grew into@ApprenticeNBC .. Gotta get into your groove #betterhappensoon
@angelofleven: @realDonaldTrump where do you get your energy from? Unbelievable. Maybe sell the ingredients? I wish I could!
@PGongola: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC I THINK PINEHURST IS UGLY.
Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole?
u201cPatriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.u201d - Mark Twain
Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work. - Think Like a Champion
With Terry McAuliffe, Gov of Virginia, at the Trump Winery in Charlottesville, VA--largest on East Coast. @GovernorVA 
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: Trump: 'Inconceivable' Obama didn't know about ISIS threatn  
@bucezoxisesu: @realDonaldTrump Reading an all time favorite TRUMP: The Art of The Deal! A must read!
@salpie  @realDonaldTrump and how many of the jobs report uptick is due to Feds hiring #Obamacare exchange temps!  Good question. ?
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
_xx_justme  I still can't believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. Respect #Trump2016 He would be the best Pres for this Country. Thx
.@DonaldJTrumpJru2019s @CNBC interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling high-end luxury 
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY!
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
@Nardokids: @TrumpSoHo @realDonaldTrump Amazing. The people you hire for design are incredible  Thanks.
@LA_Reid: I like thinking big. If youu2019re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. -Donald Trump #BeEpic
@ams_world: @realDonaldTrump Its embarrassing, yet no one seems to know how to turn our country around. A bunch of clueless leaders. True!
@BackOnTrackUSA: @realDonaldTrump While Obama vacations,golfs, attends parties &amp; jazz concerts, ISIS is chopping heads off of journalists.
Looking forward to hosting the @FloridaGOP u201cHouse Majority 2014 Golf Tournamentu201d at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
@MelanyAlVilla: @realDonaldTrump you are my role modelud83dudc4c such an amazing man. Thank you.
@jcrmtxus: @realDonaldTrump @KraftyWurker hopefully he will run for 2016 elections Stay tuned!
@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump outstanding insight on Fox this morning #trumpforpresidemt
@Going_HAN: @realDonaldTrump I am over career politicians, we need someone who knows business in Washington. I'm rooting for you Mr. Trump
@KentTucker   planning a golf trip to Scotland Aug 2015 - should we plan on playing Trump Int'l??  Yes, it is the best.
u201cYou may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. Thatu2019s tenacity, and itu2019s critical to success.u201d u2013 Trump Never Give Up
Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!
Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.
u201cI'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it.u201d - @VinceMcMahon
I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains
@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump President Obama should visit Macy's and buy some beautiful Trump silk ties.
I was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still amu2014a wonderful actress.
@socalmike_SD: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Nice segment sir....
I am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in Buffalo, where it belongs!
@alexrasey: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump in a heartbeat ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 Thanks.
Via @TV3Xpose: u201c@IvankaTrump: Think pink in the boardroom.u201dn  
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 a.m.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, stick-to-itiveness, and common sense.n  -- Thomas A. Edison
@murphysociety: @realDonaldTrump @Tyler_Allreddd and you wonder why everyone wants you as President?
@Platinumevent: @realDonaldTrump the only problem with the #Trump sign in #Chicago are the people complaining about it!
@enviroclean519 @TrumpChicago my wife and I stayed there for our anniversary.Beautiful place,amazed that all the staff remembered our name
@Da_Brain8: @realDonaldTrump U Mr. Trump cold be the next Ronald Reagan, but u need to seriously announce your Candidacy! Will you? WATCH!
The @ForbesInspector &amp; @AAAnews 5 star restaurant, @TrumpNewYorku2019s @Jean_GeorgesNYC is NYC's top destinationn  
@PrincessDaytura: @realDonaldTrump @Jennifer75AR lets do this!!! Trump for president @IvankaTrump @DonaldTrump1946
Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my twitter it is a total scam!
@TalismanJohnnyA: DonaldTrump - I would LOVE..LOVE to see debates between D and (we assume) Hillary. Talk about a PPV event. D is great!
.@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great!
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.  --  Thomas A. Edison
@betterhermann: @realDonaldTrump What's obvious to you seems to elude most people's vision.
@rockenmoma: @realDonaldTrump Bring the honesty to the White House. Even @IvankaTrump thinks you should! #2016
@SJFloyd06: Only way I'm registering to vote is if @realDonaldTrump runs for president
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice
When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly STUPID things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
@titansfan1967: @realDonaldTrump @espn I loved your views on ESPN this morning. Need your views in the NFL.
@jonhinck: Oh @realDonaldTrump, surely if you had been elected president the United States would still reign supreme. 100% certain!
Persistence is a key for success. Donu2019t give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals.
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster, Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public
@kpasee: Hearing that Donald Trump went to Joan Rivers's funeral breaks my heart, I feel like she just won the celebrity apprentice ud83dude22
@mormanc Who should be the 2016 GOP nominee? Participate in 1776 Coalition's live Poll. 
@RColdwellBanker: @realDonaldTrump watching your c-span special from the other day, I can't get enough of it!!!!!!!  Thank you!
@LindaBales1: @gretawire: .@realDonaldTrump just said, Mexico is called the highway to the United States #BorderCrisis True!
Terrible story on front page of NYTimes about lightweight @AGSchneiderman  
@barrman: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president in 2016 you would have my vote !
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!
@leonpui_: u201c@realDonaldTrump: @Moore2Donnie: @FrankCaliendo @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump   Run Donald, RUN! Our Nation needs you!!!!
@DannyBOiling: @realDonaldTrump if you were president, how many jobs could you create in 4 years? More than ever before!
WATCH u2013 WH official says that ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was u2018an important figureu2019 in crafting the law 
@kaiame: RT @eurgolf Beautiful vista over 18th hole at @TrumpScotland at Menie Estate. DonaldTrump #golf #Scotland 
@starlight10: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland You should run for President of USA!
@EldyCorrea: @realDonaldTrump Yes, go ahead and run for President. We need you so badly!
.@AlexSalmond, Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness
Chance favors the prepared mind.n-- Louis Pasteur
@jerr209: @realDonaldTrump you sir, you are my idol. Wish to one day be a master minded billionaire like you.  Work hard.
@TheReelChrisLee: @realDonaldTrump @MMayer87 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Best show on television
I recorded robo calls for @Perduesenate, @leezeldin &amp; @SteveKingIA. All had record wins. #MidasTouch
@SharonSmurfit: u201c@realDonaldTrump: Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot! 
@Waltthew: @MikeAndMike Fantastic interview of Mr. T both on a business perspective and a fan. Maybe the best interview you have ever had.
@spazosaurus: @FrankCaliendo @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump that segment was awesome. On all sides. Great start for my day, thanks.
@renee41961 @realDonaldTrump I like the Donald becuz he is not afraid to speak the truth no matter what it is! #therealdeal Thank you.
@RafaelMerrydel1: The Carter Family Thanksgiving will be a bit happier as Obama officially becomes the worst President in history.
I told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning!  OIL.
Via @DMRegister by @JoelAschbrenner: Trump to speak at @LandExpo in West Des Moines 
@GibsonLuke7: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump-2016-All the way
@shaneandstamp: @realDonaldTrump your a respected businessman. Why do you deny peoples knowledge about climate change. You mean GLOBAL W
@FRESHMIGZZ: @realDonaldTrump for president #Trump2016 #ibelieve
@B2Tac: @realDonaldTrump they also kill thousands of birds here in CA. @AlexSalmond
Host of the 2022 @PGAChampionship &amp; 2017 #USWomensOpen, Trump Natu2019l Bedminster offers 36 holes of world class golf 
Congratulations to @Graeme_McDowell and @kristinstape. Your baby has seriously good genes, will be a champ!
@TimeReckoner: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump needs to run for President. You'll have my Vote when you decide to run for Office. Thank you.
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump loser newspaper &amp; loser comedian!
@KeithWhittingt1: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, plaza take your daughters advice!
I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now!
@SchwabbieMan: @realDonaldTrump Amateurs... unfortunate but true.  True, our leader is clueless!
@HMunjal: @realDonaldTrump: @heelshoops23: @realDonaldTrump you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform, why not run for pres?
@mlmpatton: @realDonaldTrump when is Celebrity Apprentice returning? Love that show &amp; you! In the Fall, thanks!
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!
@AndrewKirell: Hey @realDonaldTrump do you think Les Moonves will give you the Late Show? I would get the best ratings of all!
@RobHelm78: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Thank God, I need my DT fix Cute!
@XenaHer1   Thanks Xena!
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and, frankly, dumb. He can't even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times!
@Bettylovesdogs: @realDonaldTrump -please-when does celebrity apprentice start????  January 4th.
@Teeroyd: @realDonaldTrump you told America what needs to happen with china, trade, jobs ect..so you need to run - 2016!
u201cRevenge is sweet and not fattening.u201d - Alfred Hitchcock
@TheAme19: @realDonaldTrump @RedNationRising And the answer ISN'T Hillary or Pocahontas Warren for $300...
IMPORTANT - @RepMattSalmon &amp; @RepEdRoyce will hold a hearing on Oct. 1w/USMC Sgt. Tahmooressiu2019s mother &amp; wife 
Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings.
@redslightning: @realDonaldTrump country needs the right person for the job there's only one! trump 2016 Thanks.
Must read @nypost editorial on $40M NYC taxpayer settlement to Central Park Thugs -- Wilding for Profit  
@MsVivicaFox: @LeezaGibbons @Jules_2010 @ApprenticeNBC  @IanZiering @lorenzolamas @kevinjonas Miss ya too darling! Happy Holidays! TTYS;)
Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about human rights problems and this as everything is being blown up around him
@AWoodyLou: @realDonaldTrump you are an inspiration to us all. If only you would run for President and sort all this shit out.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
@KingofPolitics: @realDonaldTrump Donald in the House. You nailed it down.
@musedSUCCESS: @realDonaldTrump We need a business oriented man in office! RUN! You've got my vote!
@Kirby_Weasley: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday to one of the most entertaining and smartest men alive.  Thanks.
@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump Awesome speech! You can watch it here: 
@GolanLernerM: RT @realDonaldTrump: @ColtsWynn: The Donald did it right at Trump National Doral. Beautiful course. 
u201cYou measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up.u201d - @jack_welch
@EpilepsyS                 n Will you or @EricTrump try to be president of the united states? You could be a great president.  Thanks.
u201cDo more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
 @MissyCombs38  Please stop renovating/creating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House! #trumpforpresident  Cute!
Happy #VeteransDay to all.  And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.
Internationally recognized as an iconic landmark, @TrumpTowerNY beams over Fifth Avenue 
Be ready for problems. Youu2019ll have them every day, so keep things in perspective. Ask yourself: Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
@DavidHyre: @realDonaldTrump Donald please run
@GamezFrank @realDonaldTrump when do you sleep?  Not much sleep for me!
@nancypa14679248: @realDonaldTrump @bisignano912704 Happy Holiday to you and your loved ones,God Bless  Thank you!
Wow, just heard that that next Tuesdayu2019s @saintanselm Politics &amp; Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.
@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Both Bush's were bad presidents. Why then---would Jeb Bush somehow be a great president? He wouldn't!
@bahia6085 @ricktimlick The Art Of The Deal is a fairy tale come true. Dreams can come true.  Nice!
@David_in_Dallas @TrumpChicago @realDonaldTrump Sir, your Chicago Hotel is beautiful!  Thanks!
u201cListen to others but never negate your own instincts.u201d u2013 Trump Never Give Up
@jared_searcy88: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump is the man.
@JeremyWinder: We need @realDonaldTrump in office. Guide this country back to its roots!!
The World is falling apart around us, but we don't have people who know how to play the game. The U.S. is in big trouble - no leadership!
Open for the 2014 season, Mar-a-Lago Club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world 
@your_cousin: @realDonaldTrump only 1 man has the street and business smarts that can make this country #1 again. Trump 2016  I agree!
@DatAdamGuy                         n@realDonaldTrump @TrumpSoHo hotel looks great, can't wait to build something just as epic Good luck!
@Ry_Ceo: @realDonaldTrump i always tell people to vote for Donald Trump if he runs for  president. He knows the real deal!
If you read my last number of tweets, only one opinion can be formed - that our President, and therefore leader, is grossly incompetent!
Congratulations to @TrumpDoral's #BlueMonster course for being named one of the 10 Toughest courses on Tour This Year 
Via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites: u201cTRUMP: u2018I WOULD BUILD A BORDER FENCE LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFOREu2019u201d 
@wisegirlsrule: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago I find it humorous that your sign shall stand alone as a result of the new regulation!!!
@HoldingUpThree                       @realDonaldTrump You're a true inspiration and leader. You would make an excellent POTUS!  Thanks.
@MissionH0tr0d: @realDonaldTrump If you run for president in 2016 you have my vote! #2016 Thanks.
Head on over to my Facebook page to have your questions answered in the next #AskTheDonald- 
@ptarkkonen: Without  passion you don't have energy, without energy, you have nothing. -Donald Trump #quote
@barrettag: Had a meeting with an ex Trump employee yesterday who went on for hrs about how good &amp; nice you are to employees. So cool.
THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump @mileswynn3 @Jennifer75AR a billionaire president. Now that's something I'd like to see! #trump2016
Via @Newsmax_Media by @JAGERFILE: u201cDonald Trump: 'Morally Unfair' to Use Soldiers in Ebola Fightu201dn  
@kevinb____: @realDonaldTrump Saudi Arabia is already paying ISIS
@Tumi_Architect: Learning to listen to my gut was the best thing I've ever done for myself. Inspired by @realdonaldtrump #ThinkBig Great.
@gmannn1983 @realDonaldTrump best ties anywhere class all the way  Thanks.
@Old_VanessaG: @realDonaldTrump Trump for PRESIDENT!!
@YourInfoBabe: Couldn't agree more! u201c@brealDonaldTrump: @slaw116: @realDonaldTrump Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible.
Awarded the renowned 5-Star @ForbesInspector rating, the 65-story @TrumpTO brings style, luxury &amp; impeccable service 
@shawcrossblue             n@FinestGolfHoles @realDonaldTrump this looks epic! I need to play this course!!  It is great!
Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Donu2019t ever give up
@MrCurvyWor @realDonaldTrump Enjoyed seeing you on @Letterman! You should run for President! You would get this great country going again!
@62jerseygirl: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNationalCN Love to see Pine Hill, NJ, one of the finest
@ichicagoscott: @realDonaldTrump it was nice of you to give @MattGinellaGC 15 minutes of fame that he wouldn't have had.  I agree!
@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump Emmys are a joke. the donald needs to fix them like he did with the Miss Universe pageant.
With the worldu2019s top amenities, @TrumpTOu2019s luxury residential condominiums provide the ultimate Toronto lifestyle 
@leonapel: Some of my favorite entrepreneurs: @JCVenter @PeterDiamandis @elonmusk @peterthiel and @richardbranson @realDonaldTrump
@JimMolton: @realDonaldTrump, Great job on Fox and Friends !  Thanks.
@th4tk1dryan: @realDonaldTrump brought up a lot of good points on @sternshow this morning, I really hope he runs for president
@JoeTorre   Congratulations to Patrick Reed for his win yesterday @TrumpDoral! The new #BlueMonster lived up to its name  Thanks Joe.
@ShawnQuinnsh1: @realDonaldTrump RUN, DONALD, RUN!!!!
If you really want to succeed, you'll have to go for it every day. The big time isn't for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious.
@RowleyRhonda: @realDonaldTrump Well Sir I am ready to get on the Trump 2016 campaign trailu263a #Trump2016
@tnaps85: If Donald Trump is our next president, America will be saved-ith and all will be well in the world. Amen and alleliua  True!
Via @DMRegister BY @JenniferJJacobs: u201c@SteveKingIA ramps up with first TV ad, Trump eventu201d 
@allanschwartz1                     @realDonaldTrump AND YOU LOVE WHAT YOU DO.. RUN  FOR PRESIDENT. YOU WILL LOVE IT  Interesting!
Thanks to everyone for your support on @CNBCu2019s u201cTop Leaders, Icons and Rebelsu201d vv
.@Team_Mitch  Congratulations Mitch!
@Bnmaui: @realDonaldTrump You may be the only conservative who can win the 2016 Presidential election. Please consider. I will!
u201c@NMoralesNBC, @ThomasARoberts to Host 63rd Annual @MissUniverseu201d 
@84Celtics: @realDonaldTrump No House Majority Leader Has Lost A Primary Since 1899.
Sneak peek of Trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa course/@TrumpTurnberry  
How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled Blackish? Can you imagine the furor of a show, Whiteish! Racism at highest level?
Via @BBCScotland: u201cDonald Trump's name 'will boost @TrumpTurnberry 'u201d 
@Jenn641: I really think @realDonaldTrump should run for #President!!! Who's with me on that nomination?!
Entrepreneurs:  If you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp; stay strong!
@AdamEdinburg: @realDonaldTrump was watching home alone 2 with my son and you look the exact same! Can I get a RT??
@snudge11 @ScotlandGolf1 I played it yesterday and I have to say it was the best golf course I've ever played. Thank you--so true!
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way,the report on torture should be the least of our concerns
@Winger23: Obamacare has ruined healthcare. Everyone I know is having a hard time paying their new plans. It costs too much!
@DanScavino Thanks Dan.
@bryanbruce: @realDonaldTrump remember how awkward Chevy Chase was on his short lived talk show?  But he was better than @sethmeyers.
@BBCoachKK: You are my idol! I'm stuck in a company that takes my talent for granted! At my breaking point! Give me strength DT! Get out!
@PeaceIsWeakness: Trump 2016 is the only way to stop the decline of the West. Only one man in America could deal with Putin #Trump2016
@Humbert_Tesla: In bed with Donald ;-) Great quality cc @realDonaldTrump 
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!
.@McIlroyRory  Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year!
@_MHall:  Flew through LGA on Friday and got a good look at your amazing plane. To bad LGA is such a dump. Not a great welcome to NYC
If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama &amp; Congress exempted their staffs?
@dollarmana: @realDonaldTrump. Not sure what was more impressive today....Tiger Woods making 8 birdies or your golf course.
The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved, but this can only lead to disaster.
@david_j_roth: I was never one who looked at success as bad. For me, success was always good. I loved it, and still do.  Donald Trump
Wow, the two highest apartment rentals in all of 2013 were at Trump Park Avenueu2014each one = $100,000 per month 
@EileenJael: @realDonaldTrump @Carrienguns Do you think the Bushes knew Justice Roberts was going to pull an ObamaCare stunt like that?
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!
If you never want to be criticized, for goodness' sake don't do anything new. -- Jeff Bezos
@morgan_sux: Hey everyone! Just found an awesome Twitter account that you should check out!!! It's called @realDonaldTrump very cool
Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
@LaydeePrivatier: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed your speech at the Republican Convention in New Hampshire immensely!  Thank you!
@MichaelMeram: @realDonaldTrump would treat this country like a business and make us all prosper  But with heart!
@KAKJOY: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President!!!!
Great @FOXSports art. by @jillpainter on Doc Riveru2019s annual golf charity event @TrumpGolfLA. Doc is a great friend! 
@mjb7: @realDonaldTrump . Have a great Monday! Still hoping to hear these words soon..I will be running for President. #TrumpForPresident
According to many, ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide
@Shaughnessy89: @realDonaldTrump IS THE MAN!! Give us a shoutout for your friends in Ireland Donald!
@jamandatrtl  Her son was over-vaccinated. #CDCwhistleblower #hearthiswell 
Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry, a Luxuryu2026 
@CraigPorritt: @realDonaldTrump Vote Donald for President 2016. Thanks.
.@SenScottBrown is the most competitive GOP option against Obamau2019s amnesty loving @SenatorSheehan. He can win!
ObamaCare premiums rising 13.2% in 2015 
Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree, in a signed formal instrument, to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies!
@CarrGaz @realdonaldtrump believes Trump Turnberry can be the best resort anywhere in the world.  True, easy.
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
@Lillytwotimes: @realDonaldTrump run for president pleaseeee
@paranormalfact: @stevenharlow85  Donald know's business. Screw politics we need someone who doesn't care about  Politics for once.#Trump
@IndyBuffaloJim: The American public will fall deeper in debt and will crush our middle class. Another plan of our Socialistic President.
Amazing view of @TrumpGolfLA 
@ShaniquaManning                        @TrumpWaikiki It looks like you've outdone yourself Donald. Beautiful property!  Thanks!
@TylerClodfelter: @realDonaldTrump found your locker at Trump National. We had an awesome time. 
@vin7768: @realDonaldTrump is an inspirational man!! So nice, thanks!
@dalasner @realDonaldTrump Love to see you one on one with Bill Maher without his morons in his audience. He would have no chance!
@KTxO5: @realDonaldTrump will u please run for president
@wftragni: @realDonaldTrump for president! If anyone can turn this country around its you Donald! True.
@billf227: @realDonaldTrump @dr_rita39 there are a multitude of reasons to follow Mr Trump...Great American  Thank you!
Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro, our first South American @TrumpCollection hotel set to open in 2016 
@bllheaded  Finally read The Art of the Deal. Outstanding book and applies to every facet of life #thinkbig  Thanks
Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. Heu2019ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
@TheRedDotGuy: @realDonaldTrump Republican debates would be interesting with you.
@patrickmaser: @realDonaldTrump thank you for Being a Great example of America Success story !!! Thank you, so nice.
@HeartSurvivor07: @realDonaldTrump Wonder what ideas you would have to rebuild Detroit. If anyone can do it you can. #businessgenius
@HrvstFoundation @realDonaldTrump @SamJabbo The Art of the Deal gets my vote. It changed the way I do business. Great!
With a @SharkGregNorman designed course directly along the water, @Trump_Charlotte is North Carolinau2019s elite club 
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
@TinaPiper: @realDonaldTrump so ready for another #celebrityapprentice I love love that show!
.@MattGinellaGC  Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. @GolfChannel
.@katyperry  Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste!
@slees1705 As a Turnberry member congrats on yr purchase.Will there still be a place &amp; role for members in future? Absolutely! See u there
@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump Awesome job as always! I love hearing what you have to say every week! #Trump2016
@TheMiniFed: Only man qualified to be president in 2016 is @realdonaldtrump Thank you-I guarantee that the U.S.A. will be respected again!
@rickruff23: @realDonaldTrump So true. Ellen is a train wreck
@darhowklo   CNN said you supported Sterling but then when they showed the quote I thought no he doesn't!'  CNN lied!
@mychemicalcarli: have a trumptastic monday!! @realDonaldTrump 
@JoshuaAlthina:I have a dream that one day I'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office &amp; fixing this countryud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 #2016
@d_pardee: My take from #CPAC2014: @realDonaldTrump's speech was better than @RepPaulRyan's ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
u201cIf itu2019s worth doing, itu2019s worth fighting for. Youu2019ll have lots of people &amp; obstacles in your way. Fight to get beyond them.u201du2013Midas Touch
Just had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale -- won trial --  now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it!
Thank you, @elvisduran for dedicating your birthday today to the @EricTrumpFdn for @StJude! Click here to donate: 
Just hit a million on Facebook- 
@TalismanJohnnyA: @foxandfriends When is Mr. @realDonaldTrump due back? The last two weeks without him on Monday's has scarred me. MONDAY!
Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called leader
@TylerBelawske: @realDonaldTrump @kaitlin_bunch then make our wishes come true and run for President!!!
.@TrumpNationalHV features wide open pristine fairways, tour caliber greens, 64 strategically placed sand bunkers 
@ZackBaird52: @realDonaldTrump for President in 2016, you have my vote
@DunkaRooney: @realDonaldTrump your cameo in Home Alone 2 was some top notch stuff, you should be in more movies
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- Steve Jobs
Great event last night @trumpwinery with @GovernorVA to support @TheVFoundation @UVA @VCU 
I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their clients
To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD, WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH!
@SUSANANDREWS12: u201cCan't wait RT @ApprenticeNBC: u201cItu2019s the nastiest Iu2019ve ever seen.u201d u2014 @RealDonaldTrump on this season of #CelebApprentice
@AkiaGarnett @R_B_Stuart  Trump is a hero - 1 of the last standing vocals who says whatever he pleases. Nothing like that kinda candor Thx
@J58golf @realDonaldTrump Phil Mickelson gave your course nice praise in his interview with Rich Lerner. Thanks
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einsteinu201d
This guy @sethmeyers canu2019t do a simple interviewu2014saw him the other night stumbling &amp; mumbling while trying to interview a guest.
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).
u201cBe tough, be smart, be personable, but donu2019t take things personally. Thatu2019s good business.u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump already lowered the high gas prices next he will restore America's greatness! And no stupid windmills!!
@TaylorGianfermi: 
@DLDizel: @cspan: RT @cspanPolitics: VIDEO: @realDonaldTrump at #NHFreedomSummit on @cspan 
Premiering on January 4th, the 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC will have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric!
@TrumpGolfLA is the top public course in the country with magnificent Pacific Ocean views  
@bldrnr69: @realDonaldTrump thoughts on Ukraine? Plz run for President so we can have real leadership for US!
@ericleebow: @realDonaldTrump Hopefully after 6 years, you still have it in you. A vote for Trump, is a vote for a champion. Thanks
Getting ready for some big news with my friends at @pgaofamerica
@chaz_323: @realDonaldTrump let me make this simple. Run. For. President . #forgodssake
@BravoFan2014: @realDonaldTrump @MissCassie1230 he has my vote we need an Patriot in the White House again.
If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?
MUST READ! My @chicagotribune editorial: I love Chicago ... and my sign! 
Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses, the most for any president 
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!
@JaredParker  Please run for President, Mr. Trump! The Republican Party desperately needs someone of your qualifications.
@BenTrolling: @realDonaldTrump @EastonWestwood Donald Trump has more know how, grit, and integrity than George W. Bush. Very true!
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman
@BenPack3521: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump @FrankCaliendo That was very well done! Thanks for a good laugh to start the day!
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.n -- Andrew Carnegie
@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump  @foxandfriends Donald is powerful because his silence cannot be bought &amp; he doesn't carry water for anyone
@DannyJones1967: @realDonaldTrump trump for presidant! I've waited years for this to happen! #Trumpknowsbest
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.n -- Albert Einstein
.@TrumpDoralu2019s Red Course redesign is underway. Will be completed in September. Follow all the developments 
@LacroixRoxane: @realDonaldTrump I believe you as all your Children are poised, respectful and genuine. Good job :)  Thanks Roxane!
Looking forward to being hosted by @saintanselm for Politics &amp; Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! #NHPolitics
@HeatherChilders  You are doing a great job Heather!
I watched Russell Brand @rustyrockets on the @jimmyfallon show the other nightu2014what the hell do people see in Russellu2014a major loser!
@foxandfriends: 'Trumping' the competition!Every midterm candidate with @realDonaldTrump robocall won. #Election2014 
@123Jayne: That's our President! That's why we need you to run in 2016! I know you would never waste our money! President Trump
China is closing a massive oil deal w/ Russia, taking advantage of the Ukraine conflict 
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100%, he should be bunker busted to hell.
@billywmerritt: The Art of the Deal got me off my ass and got me in the game. We all have 24 hours in a day. No excuses for me. Thanks!
Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger. - Think Big
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington, D.C., the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!
PM @David_Cameron should be run out of office for spending so much of Englandu2019s money to subsidize windfarms in Scotland.
@nickvitello  The @realDonaldTrump brand is based on success and being a winner. Just what the @buffalobills need! @nflcommish
Via @GolfDigest by @LukeKerrDineen: u201c@MichaelBreed to open golf academy at Donald Trumpu2019s @TrumpFerryPointu201d 
ICYMI, via @foxnewsinsider my @foxandfriends from yesterday on Obamau2019s dangerous disconnect 
u201cSuccess in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.u201d - Arnold Palmer
Chicago, don't forget tix for @EricTrumpFdn Wine Tasting Fundraiser @TrumpChicago 11/22. Proceeds benefit @StJude 
@jenncase: .@realDonaldTrump for prez 2016 cuz #america
@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump don't run for governor go for the White House!!! #TrumpIn2016
@MattGinellaGC   Matt, how many club championships have you won? I hear zero, or 18 fewer than me! Lets play for a lot?
@GOOD_ggg  @TrumpGolf With GOOD service at his clubs imagine the service Mr Trump could give American people as Pres!  True!
@beuka23 @realDonaldTrump recently stayed in your hotel in Vegas...it's beautiful my wife and I loved our stay!!  Great, thanks.
@joshhobson: Hey, the sign looks good this morning! See it everyday, as I work around the corner at SOUTHCOM. 
@thechrismcqueen: @realDonaldTrump Dear Sir. PLEASE run. America needs you  Thank you, or country can be great again!
@KevinWeatherbee '--tremendous victory in Trump University case vs. lightweight @AGSchneiderman--just got the news!' Saw this coming Thx
@GeeBilz: If @realDonaldTrump runs for office he has my vote
@JFarquharLaird: Great to see @realDonaldTrump getting the respect he deserves. A gentleman, a friend, a genius.  Thank you!
@rayleebates: @realDonaldTrump Don for prez  Thank you.
@luuuucy15_: @realDonaldTrump run for pres 2016! it will be my first time getting to vote and i want to vote for you Thank you, nice!
@LyricalmafiaRum: Will TRUMP-A-MANIA run wild again in Atlantic City? DonaldTrump @HulkHogan #Wrestlemania4 #wrestlemania5 @VinceMcMahon
Business is an art in itself &amp; powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion
I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!
@Theodopolis_  Just left The @realDonaldTrump Building in NYC. - beautiful building and very professional.  Thank you.
@AntonVonClouse been self-employed since I was 18. You &amp; The Art of the Deal were instrumental in that young motivation. Thank you. Great!
I look forward to my press conference @TrumpTurnberry Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending.
@flowersmeller: @realDonaldTrump any plans to come back to Dubai @DamacOfficial - looking forward to playing 18 on your course!  Great!
@Candynecklace2  wow wow wow!!!!! Your mother was a stunning drop dead gorgeous woman just like @MELANIATRUMP ud83dude18  True!
Entrepreneurs:  Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Know  exactly what you want and go for it.  Nothing should be haphazard.
@toneantone96: @realDonaldTrump The reason why I love You so much is because of how compassionate You are not because of who You are.
Great advice from my father: Know everything you can about what you're doing. -- Fred C. Trump
@kalevans: @realDonaldTrump great interview on @seanhannity, I agree we need a leader with heart and guts! #Trump2016
@Awizzel10: #Trump2016 You are an inspiration to me and my friends, @realDonaldTrump. #2016 #prez
@sendit40 tried yr mobile app to check out yr hotel rates in Doral. App works effortlessly, is easy to use to book rooms Unlike ObamaCare
@ron_fournier  Actually, I like you!
@konk65: @realDonaldTrump great visit on Howard Stern this week. I can't wait for your next visit! @sternshow
@TAlcornVan: @Yung_Sherm @realDonaldTrump I would vote for him! IN a heartbeat!
Don't sell yourself short on something that is important. Today is just the beginning.  -- Think Like a Champion
@GolfSwingShirt @frgelfant @StFinbarBklyn Donald..I met your dad when I was in college..very nice guy, humble and unassuming. True, thx.
@HMunjal: @realDonaldTrump When will you come to my home-country India to see the progress of Trump Towers in Pune? Very soon!
The reporter that called Kevin Durant Mr. Unreliable should be fired or, at least, apologize. He is a truly great player and a winner!
Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass. - Think Big
@WheresJose: Had the pleasure to perform for Mr.Trump tonite &amp; told him the world is a better place because of his contributions Great job!
In Charlottesville, VA, @trumpwinery is Virginiau2019s largest winery with 200 acres of French vinifera varieties 
Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot! 
@MrVolvo7090 I frequently sport your French cuffed shirts. Fit to a tee and always receive compliments. Very well done #DTCollection  Thx.
DAMAC Properties   @DamacOfficial @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to welcoming you to Dubai! Have a great trip!  Thank you!
@CJohnson623: @realDonaldTrump I love the Trump building in Chicago
@WalshFreedom: @realDonaldTrump @KieranLalor or buy my books, or chocolate, or water, or my clothing line. And make me money, dopey!
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH &amp; NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement &amp; duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive.
Via @NJcomsomerset BY @wobriensomerset: @TigerWoods brings charity golf playoffs toTrump Nat'l/Bedminster 
@kevinrleyland: @realDonaldTrump Has it been more than you ever expected? Far more and far better!
@xoxo_La_La_xoxo: @realDonaldTrump #Trump4President ##Trump2016 please run for president you can do so much good
u201cI donu2019t think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it.u201d -@LAClippers Coach Doc Rivers
I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered, but not nearly enough
.@IanJamesPoulter Great going and almost as importantly, your clothing line is selling well!
ICYMI, you can watch my full press conference with @SteveKingIA on @shanevanderhartu2019s @CaffThoughts 
@mike_ginett: @realDonaldTrump #america needs a true businessman to run this nation. You.  I agree, thanks!
@StandAtTheReady: Putin has eaten Obama's lunch, therefore our lunch, for a long period of time. - @realDonaldTrump VERY TRUE!!! #TeaParty
@wRiTeItNoW.  A quote you'd like. You have undertaken to cheat me. I won't sue you, for the law is too slow. I'll ruin you. -Vanderbilt
@jimrcottage @timbdickson @realDonaldTrump @sternshow He was on Howard Stern last week.  Awesome interview! Thank you.
@Natasha_tut13: @realDonaldTrump  I like to read your tweets and I am delighted with you, intelligent, decent, strong man!  Thanks.
Congratulations to @piersmorgan on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of @MailOnline! My Apprentice champ!
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor (cont) 
@PurkisMark: @realDonaldTrump I heard your interview on @HowardStern I enjoyed every second of it. #RadioGold Thanks.
@nick_torch   Reasons why I love @realDonaldTrump he isn't afraid to speak his mind and call people out  True!
Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
@ThePrimeHost: @realDonaldTrump LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others.
@GlobalFlare: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump
@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump You are the most gracious man in the business nowadays! #Trump2016 I have not heard that one but thanks!
@Jackshallis: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: u201cDonald Trump: 'Last Thing We Need Is Another Bush'u201d 
@tpratt31: DO YOUR FELLOW PATRIOTS PROUD AND RUN @realDonaldTrump RUN! #weneedapatriot #1600pennsylvaniaave #2016 #patriotwithabrain
u201cInside Donald Trump's Scottish golf courseu201dn  
Via Newsmax. Nice article, thank you so much.   
u201cSuccess is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.u201d - Johnny Cash
6 @TrumpCollection hotels made @CNTraveler readeru2019s choice! @TrumpNewYork @TrumpSoHo @TrumpChicago @TrumpToronto @TrumpPanama @Trump_Ireland
@CarolynGoltman  It's my birthday and what a wonderful gift if I could get a retweet from such an inspirational man :-) Happy Birthday
@DanScavino: Looking forward 2it - ONE week from 2nite @ApprenticeNBC @NBC! Look 4ward 2 #JoanRivers tribute to! 
President Obama, I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights.
@Marky4792: @realDonaldTrump will you please run for the president United States we really need a swift kick in the ass.
The exclusive home of @PGATOUR's @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami 
@alyssa_kordish: #donaldtrump for president! @realDonaldTrump  Thanks!
@BoogBannon: All about trump for president @realDonaldTrump
Entrepreneurs, always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationships
I took a failed club in Dutchess County &amp; made it a great success plus many jobs. @KieranLalor should be thankful.
@spikesurge83: @realDonaldTrump if you run you have my vote on top of that Rand Paul gets to be vice president
@Cfwaye  @realDonaldTrump you know what is great about you. You didn't just chase a dream, you envisioned one.  Thank you.
If Obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
@koos32 @realDonaldTrump Nice picture Donald. I can see where your great looks come from. Your parents did a great job! Thanks.
I'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about!
@pipo442: @realDonaldTrump @fackinpeter @TIME You are the soul of NYC. Thank you!
@GQ_MURPHY: @realDonaldTrump your brand suits are my favorite ! So sharp looking ! Looking forward to when I can get another one .
46 stories in the center of downtown New York, @TrumpSoHou2019s 391 spacious rooms each have floor-to-ceiling windows 
Saudis just cut oil supply,making prices rise u201cimmediatelyu201d while we are fighting ISIS for them 
My friend @eminofficial was fantastic on the @TODAYshow this morningu2014a star!
Featuring private living spaces, oversized bathrooms &amp; stunning views, @TrumpSoHo = downtown NYCu2019s premiere hotel 
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader
.@katyperry must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand @rustyrockets u2013 but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
@nickzizzo77: I'm not calling @realDonaldTrump out or anything but how about you run for president?!  Watch!
@RonKarkoviceFF Trump Tower in Chicago is a masterpiece that completes a gorgeous skyline! Thanks!
@FrobBedrickson @realDonaldTrump Art of The Deal just arrived at my house. Cannot wait to start reading this book.. Thanks, enjoy.
@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump Another masterpiece Donald!
@adamsteinbaugh: @realDonaldTrump please, please, please make my dreams come true by running for president and winning.
President Obama, Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn!
Entrepreneurs: Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard.
@brasicingbras @Macys Donald, ever since I switched over to Trump ties from Macy's I can't stop closing deals!!  Great!
u201cIntellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them.u201d u2013 Albert Einstein
@persdevquotes: u00ab Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. u00bb Donald Trump 
.@TrumpChicagou2019s Spa at Trumpu00ae offers 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the Chicago skyline 
@integgriti: @realDonaldTrump Mr.trump you said that you would run for president if nation got worse. It is real sad now...
Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him?
@Pearcyyy @realDonaldTrump Even i want you to become the president of the United States and i'm from Britain! #Legend #Trump  Cute!
@DannyZuker: I may disagree with much of what @realDonaldTrump says, but that doesn't mean I think he's a terrible person. Somewhat nice!
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela, Monica Spear, is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman, she will be missed.
@redskinsgirl23: @realDonaldTrump  @Macys Not more beautiful than @IvankaTrump! She is just soooooo beautiful! I happen to agree!
@MissyCombs @realDonaldTrump Idiots! That's who negotiates. C'mon Trump..America needs you! Thanks.
@Bigpeter184 Turnberry is a great golf centre. Great courses &amp; hotel. Hope you can improve them Donald. It can be the best. Will be great
@zp_3: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday from your Trump Towers in West Palm. Keep up the good work! A great place, thanks.
@ZacKing30  The Trumps are my favorite public figures. Hands down! @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump Thank you!
u201c@joerepublic1 @mckaycoppins  how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs!  True, thx
My speech from last Saturdayu2019s @Citizens_United @AFPhq #NHFreedomSummit 
@ArekRNBN              nJust finished another great Trump book, one more to go @realDonaldTrump 
@This_JustIn: Waking up early and studying my idol @realDonaldTrump Go get 'em!
The $200M in renovations of Trump Intu2019l Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
@mxk0dy: @realDonaldTrump for president! Please mr trump ud83dude4f
@Assouline_M  Thanks Monique!
@BloombergTV: Anytime you have something on an ocean, a river, or a lake, it's hard to blow it @realDonaldTrump 
Do you think crooked @AGSchneiderman will ever challenge the NFL tax status? Nou2014too many friends and contributors in @nfl?
@danica2013: @realDonaldTrump needs to run for the 2016 presidential election. Intelligent &amp; knows what he's doing. #GotMyVote #NewAmerica
@KierenAsh @realDonaldTrump Run for Prez Donald!!! You'll be great!! What America needs!!! Save us from this Marxist!!!!  Thank you
My friend Derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him. @Yankees
@tahanna: @cs522 @StdyeddyD Mr Trump, even the trolls hang on your every word! They pretend to despise you! Ignore, keep inspiring!
@Drake4444444                    nthe only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for Pres &amp; bring common sense back to govt Thx.
Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental.
I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall, take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s
u201cThe way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.u201d u2013 Walt Disney
@crpietschmann: @UncleLouie42 @realDonaldTrump also was it the lawyers that lost or the client they represented? BOTH!
@KingBronko: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, please run for president in 2016! Please!
The new Congress must restore military spending &amp; stop Obama budget cuts. Also, hold Obama accountable on the VA.
@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump its true, he didn't get his show until after he won the apprentice
@TrumpDoral: Wishing Trump National Doral Member Lucy Li the best of luck at the Women's U.S. Open. Go Lucy! 
@Bgara2011: MrTrump, today @ church preacher said that if Abraham was modern he would be someone like you. Thought you should know. Thanks
@jessflorey: What an amazing course @TrumpScotland Got to get yourself there to play. #breathtaking 
@TVmaryd: @realDonaldTrump I love the Trump sign on your Chicago building. It's beautiful and it's your branding of Trump. Keep fighting!
u201c@DonaldJTrumpJr: u2018We want to build everything in Dubaiu201dn  
The pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience @TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific Ocean in Palos Verdes 
@tedbishop38pga The talk of Scottish Open is all Trump International. Rose, J Walker, Phil and Rory all loving it Majorly Thx Ted, enjoy!
@SnoopyBarber: it'd be a good thing for USA if @realDonaldTrump be POTUS in 2016.
The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp; training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn?
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career.
@luthrice: @realDonaldTrump you're the only person who has any clue about our government! #donaldforprez
@BenTrolling: @realDonaldTrump @EastonWestwood Disclosing his finances would make Donald Trump the most wealthy President ever! So true!
@JenSwannStyle:  Just had an AMAZING stay at Trump Tower Toronto. Hotel suberb, staff fantastic. Thank you. Will always stay Trump now.
@ry_connolly: @realDonaldTrump telling it like it is on Fox News right now, Mexico is spitting in Obama's face and he does nothing #legend
@johnrich: One thing about @realDonaldTrump he never sugar coats anything...I'm SURE @Arseniohall is appreciative, as am I.  Thanks John!
@rodstowell73  They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!
@peyton2419: Can't wait until 2016 when DT is POTUS. So that I can stop listening to problems with our economy in the State of the Union.
@BenTrolling: @realDonaldTrump @Wil_Johnson1 You are a king maker Don! True!
.@willweatherford @FLGovScott nGaming in Miami will be incredibleu2014best in world and create lots of jobs and revenue.
@prolifictweeter: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run for president too
@CROMO__: It would be amazing to see @realDonaldTrump run for president. I would vote for him with the quickness. #Trump2016
.@MichaelRCaputo Thank you for all of your support, you have been amazing!
@jdmcc: I feel weird ab it but @realDonaldTrump was on @HowardStern this morn &amp; I surprisingly liked him a lot. Dudes got his shiz together
@MargoShear The Donald's going to be saying You're Hired to lots of people in the District! @wusa9 True!
I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that @AlexSalmond should never have released the terrorist - BAD!
The signature restaurant of @TrumpNewYork, @jeangeorges is both a Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant  
With a world-renowned open-air lobby w/ ocean views &amp; top restaurants, @TrumpWaikiki is Honoluluu2019s premier hotel 
@ForeverMcIn: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to see Trump 2016 all over the news! #TrumpForPresident
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!
@michelleneuf: @realDonaldTrump  We need you and Giuliani in Whitehouse. We need a crime fighter who knows crime!!! And your creativity.
Really interesting, President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa!
Senator Landrieu, If you are a Senator representing Louisiana, then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Send @BillCassidy to the Senate!
u201cIf you are passionate about your endeavors, it will be reflected back to you in your end result.u201d u2013 Trump Never Give Up
@ChristopherCud1: @realDonaldTrump YOU CAN WALK AWAY WITH THIS JOB: GO GO
@haventravel: @realDonaldTrump you inspired me to be my own boss and start my own small business.
@dxdelafu: RT @realDonaldTrump: THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH! Or another Clinton.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year
@_lizzly  Nearly anything would be more effective than Obama. @realDonaldTrump is the ideal candidate for this country's restoration  Thx.
ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he u2018was some adviser.u2019
@timmmo510: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump said this from the beginning. Need real leadership #trump2016
@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump With this cast u will have the #1 show on TV! Fans are excited! Can you confirm? Justin,thanks-will be great
The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly!
Success comes with hard work, focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky.
@TrumpPhillyGM  Beautiful sunset last night from the 18th at #trumpnationalphiladelphia.  
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
@BJKizer74: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016 America needs a POTUS with balls to stop America from being a worldwide laughingstock.
@yorkv01: @realDonaldTrump Our country is in trouble with the worst leadership possible. How are we going to fix this? Smarts &amp; toughness!
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.n -- Thomas A. Edison
@TaynishaGray: So yeah the first vote I will ever cast for president will be Donald Trump bc who can really argue with Donald Trump?
@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump Mara-a-Lago is unbelievably spectacular.  Thank you!
@bvlphonso: #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump
Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days, when our country was respected and strong, would be executed
@Chris_LaPenta: @realDonaldTrump That's why we need you in 2016.
@gootecks @PrimeMinisterSX agreed, St Maarten has so many issues and makes so many empty promises She's incompetent.
@garyplayer: What a fantastic test of championship golf. Congratulations to Team Trump on a superb result all round @TrumpDoral. Best
@jpleevs: Love the sign .@realDonaldTrump well done. 
@Hohummm: @realDonaldTrump Looks spectacular 
Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch...
@roebeauty: Calling the sign &amp;u201cTrump name tasteless is ridiculous! Its exactly the opposite. You always put beauty in your details.
@GSThomas3: DonaldTrump: last year my premiums went up 46%, this year another 220%. Clearly this is a sweet deal for the insurance industry
@sintianiej: @realDonaldTrump @shmopniggadick The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
@stkhlder3: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump CAN NOT WAIT!!!!! fav is @BrandiGlanville !!!!!
Via @clarechampion by @DanDanaherNews: u201cWind Farm Proposal Near @Trump_Ireland Rejectedu201d 
@paigekblake  Of all the places I've stayed in Oahu, Trump International is the best! #greatservice #besthotel #awesomestaff #luxury Thx!
@StephenNolan: I rarely get star struck - but I've just interviewed Donald Trump for @bbc5live yeeeehaaaaa
@replaybeatles: @realDonaldTrump hope you are part of that leadership! Merry Christmas to you and your family.
@thegre8_1: Please run for President would be a better choice than @mittromney Seeing @pennjillette tomorrow&gt;was great on #apprentice
@gabepaul58: @realDonaldTrump would be the next best in guy next to Ralph to own a franchise like the @buffalobills u2764ufe0f @nflcommish
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan, the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola, caught it!
@ericksonrt05: @realDonaldTrump but my new trump ties rock!!! That's true!
@Poppawub: People please! Although I would support Trump, he will never run for President (fact), why would he ever be so stupid!Just wait
Judy Garland was much better, to put it mildly! #Oscars
@Mhennessh: @realDonaldTrump I live in Chicago and love the sign! I look at it everyday!! Thanks.
@troytreanor: @shanebacon which got more viewers: final round of @usopengolf or @realDonaldTrump tweets about the course?  Trump!
@VladimirRussia7: @realDonaldTrump and @mcuban and @WarrenBuffett are my favorite billionaires and heroes.
New York Magazine just named the most influential tweeters in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was #2 after ESPN. Actually, I'm easily #1!
@joeynemati: @realDonaldTrump President Trump has a nice ring to it.
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was not political - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
Via NYTimes, What's Your Ideal Gadget?  
Entrepreneurs:  Ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
@popated: @tnsmilin @realDonaldTrump And the military doesn't have a heck of a lot of respect for him either.
Via @FootwearNews by @kristenmhenning: u201c@IvankaTrump Works to Beat Breast Canceru201d 
If you canu2019t see it, you canu2019t make it happen. Entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus &amp; determination. Be positive!
u201cObamacare Data Mismatch Could Leave Thousands Uninsuredu201d 
I have always liked Ellen, done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
@rpoole1954: @RealPro4Real @realDonaldTrump Doesn't get much better than that! Trump and Tiger on golf!#Dubai
@kyle_diehl34: The next celebrity apprentice cast is ud83dudd25 @realDonaldTrump True!
@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president! @realDonaldTrump
@laurenhuston:  My Gram passed in Nov. I sorted through her books today &amp; found all of yours. Gram knew how to pick them! THANKS LAUREN!
@ImDruChainz: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president you'll make our country great again I agree, thanks!
@RafaelMerrydel1: @realDonaldTrump can Obama salvage his presidency by going to Ferguson and bringing peace?  No!
@AdelBMoufarrej: Mr. Trump, you are avoiding the responsibility of running for President since the nineties. Be patriotic and run.. Watch!
Big thanks to @David_Bossie, @Citizens_United &amp; @AFPhq for hosting me at #NHFreedomSummit. Will be back to the Granite State soon!
@Michael_KSC: @realDonaldTrump @thedropkicks Whether Global Warming or Climate change. The fact is We didn't cause it. We cannot change it.
u201cYou just can't beat the person who never gives up.u201d u2013 Babe Ruth
.@mdamelincourt  Thanks M, you are doing a great job at Trump Toronto!
@Grundy2: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNationalCN played there recently and loved it. Great, fair track. Fantastic condition.
@TpGraf82 @realDonaldTrump we know you would make a great president but talk about a beautiful first lady! So true! @MELANIATRUMP
@horher:  @benedwards55 I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president
@teresalynnarthu: @BrandiGlanville @MMayer87 @ApprenticeNBC It's about time the date was announced! I love this show! #CelebrityApprentice
@KaelaDianne97: @realDonaldTrump please run for office. We can't have Hillary running this country even MORE downhill! We need a leader!
Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead, he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy.
Amazing. People are sending letters of support for @TrumpChicagou2019s sign to my other properties, including even @TrumpScotland. Thank you!
In '09, Obama released the ISIS chief. The terrorist gloated u201cIu2019ll see you in New Yorku201d 
@AladesuruA: i am now a big believer in @realDonaldTrump THINK BIG strategies....
@rwang0: @MillionBy22 @realDonaldTrump has some of best books out there. no fluff. real grit. real world wins.
@DallinMiller: @realDonaldTrump is in my psychology book from the 90's and still looks the same. #NotHuman 
Congrats to Obama &amp; Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half &amp; program costs extra $700B+.
Itu2019s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
@aec4444: @realDonaldTrump I've played Pinehurst and Trump Bedminster and Donald has 2 in Bedminister that are superior.  Thank you &amp; true
China's the leading exporter of Iraqi oil yet they wonu2019t lift a finger against ISIS. Why should we do the heavy lifting for Chinau2019s gain?
I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun, and interesting, talking to Howard!
@DarkPig2: @Anggitalestari1 @realDonaldTrump America and the world needs a smart strong,patriotic leader,Mr Trump is that man. I agree!
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.
@Bethany_Desiree: LOL @realDonaldTrump is seriously the man. Run for president PLEASE  Our next President must be GREAT, that's me. Thanks
@Yankee_RangerNV @realDonaldTrump Don't forget you were also the ONLY person to host Wrestlemania in back to back years So true, thanks.
Via @newhampshirecom:u201cTickets on sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trumpu201d 
@iHunt88: I think it's about time @realDonaldTrump stands up and announces he's running for President.
@realMikePalumbo  Walked in Trump Tower for the first time this week.. Gorgeous (as all your work). Love the Trump experience  Thank you.
@p38lightning: Awesome bit on @MikeAndMike with @realDonaldTrump and @FrankCaliendo ! Funny stuff!
@calconroy: @realDonaldTrump You, sir, are an absolute legend!  Wow!
The ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site canu2019t even secure your personal information.
@johnyc46: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond Windmills in western NY State are a complete eyesore. Beautiful views ruined by propellers.
If traveling to the Windy City to celebrate 100th anniversary of Wrigley Field @TrumpChicago is Chicagou2019s #1 hotel 
@glock34girl: @realDonaldTrump please run and get America back on its feet.  Stay tuned!
Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work!
Rosie Ou2019Donnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her--@Rosie always fails.
@TrumpPhillyGM: u201c@PhiladelphiaPGA: Trump trumps the field at Pro-Lady Team #golf 
Gabriel Shermanu2019s book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued).
@EdwinVSuccess @realDonaldTrump is example of how Success is earned!!  Everyday is an opportunity to get after it!   Thank you.
Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big.
@rebelgirl1213: @realDonaldTrump @Carrienguns America cannot survive another Bush! #NoMoreBush
u201cDonald Trump: Mitt Romney 'Blew It,' Shouldn't Run Againu201d 
The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!
@ChadSheridan: I'm inspired by people all the time. People like my parents, grandparents, and yes, @realDonaldTrump the guy is smart.
@pearlingjosh: You are a big inspiration to me Mr.Trump. I'm 24,Ugandan.When I make it,I will call my first business In D.J.Trump we Trust
@NellyBelle25: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, just returned from Chicago &amp; staying at your hotel. Amazing experience. Your people are the BEST
@meander2011 Mr Trump please treat Turnberry GC with respect. Hearing about the Lighthouse and your plans......it's iconic...  I will!
@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump your tweets make my day your awesome Thanks!
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts @Macys  -- fantastic! Would make great gifts!
Kay Hagan profited off of the stimulus.She just skipped a debate. Kay supports amnesty, weak border &amp; 
@10AJMcCarron will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision.
@JasonSiskCRE: @realDonaldTrump Very impressed with Trump Tower Vancouver. Nicely done, sir. 
@YoungKhalifa_2: u201c@realDonaldTrump: By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. -- Benjamin Franklinu201d
@CullenThaDude: @realDonaldTrump for president #greatman  Thank you!
@r_ieysg: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump, great guest to have on your show.
@ericleebow: @realDonaldTrump Will vote for you if you run.
@US_progress: .@realDonaldTrump for president!
@tojo413:  Spent the night at the Trump Tower...awesome! Best lookin' building in Chi-Town. Powerful lookin' sign too @RahmEmanuel
US trade deficit hit $64B+ in April, 2 yr record high 
@DrewMadeOFF: RT @realDonaldTrump Does @VanityFair realize that the purpose of a magazine is to sell issues?
@jakekahen @realDonaldTrump just drove by trim tower in Chicago what a beauty  Thank you.
@DavidInspired: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. This country needs your wisdom.  I agree, thanks!
@Sal_lyann: DonaldTrump @Jennifer75AR @CahlRStorrie Does Donald Trump want to be president? looks like he is getting lots of votes already
@jwkeen: Happy Birthday to The Donald @realDonaldTrump. It will take men like him to make the USA great again. #2016. Thanks.
u201cHook your career to a big trend. There are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions.u201d u2013 Think Big
@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump We can do it with you leading us. TRUMP 2016
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends (@foxandfriends) at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!
u201cHow to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trump's u00a363m private jetu201d 
@gsurrette: Listening to @realDonaldTrump present @pgaofamerica annual meeting. Great information great speaker#pga 
@KrisinAL: @realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz Explain? He's a pollster?  Yes, but a really bad (and boring) one!
@MikeyGojca @realDonaldtrump         speaks the truth and is as successful as he is... must be doing something right. I guess so, thanks!
@CarrGaz: All the latest on @realDonaldTrump 's plans to transform Trump Turnberry into the finest resort in the world. In today's @CarrGaz
@dainbramaged_ @realDonaldTrump  Surprise only happens when Obama does something right. You can expect no surprises. True.
@LanaEdwards77: @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for #CelebrityApprentice to begin! Should be interesting...
Joan Rivers @Joan_Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.
Entrepreneurs:  Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.
@iPlanned: A good #plan violently executed now is better than a perfect #plan next week. - General George S. Patton
@BestBergerEver: I agree with everything @realDonaldTrump said on @foxandfriends this morning. Put this man in the White House!
@smile_heather: @realDonaldTrump you are correct. Emmys were awful.
@iAndyOlson: u201c@realDonaldTrump: u201c@Raj_Tut: Iu2019m 22 (I own) my company @TutandTut I started because of youu2026 any advice? Give me 10%(kidding)
@SGTROCKUSMC82: @usaf48 5 billion for a website we could have bought 50 F35 fighters or 5 Aircraft Carriers but we got a worthless website
Just watched Full Metal Jacket, can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations!
.@FrankLuntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
Obama, stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)?
@house6000: That limo story with that lucky guy changing the tire was amazing, I wish I was as lucky as he was, have a great day!  THANKS!
If Ebola is so non-contagious, how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly!
@BKofLeader: 
Thank you to @GaryVanSickle &amp; Sports Illustrated @SInow  for the really nice piece about me. March 17, 2014 issue  
@kalevans: @realDonaldTrump so much for Al Gores theory??? #trump2016
Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to moderate rebels in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us
Choose your own path: It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you. - Vince Lombardi
Located in South Ayrshire, Scotland, @TrumpTurnberry offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion 
@DonnieHoward2: @realDonaldTrump I'm a Democrat and I'd vote for you in a second. Thanks.
@JamColley: We need to put aside partisan politics and realise the greatest thing we can do is work together to get Mr.T elected president.
@anthonyjmyers: #IfTrumpWerePresident, this country would be the classiest, most established, most admired place in the world. 100% TRUE!
@FilmBatonRouge  Loved having @realDonaldTrump in town over the weekend for #MissUSA  A beautiful city filled with beautiful girls Thanks
@sidelinesev: @realDonaldTrump best view in Chicago tonight 
@Jon_Albanese: .@RealGilbert on @realDonaldTrump's @ApprenticeNBC. I really hope Gilbert goes on a yelling, laughing tirade - cry-laugh.
@P00dy:  @realDonaldTrump @MarvinEscobars The difference is Successful people like the Trumps need no excuses.  Thanks!
@alex_lestari: The best investment I made, is the one I didn't make (Donald Trump) #APC  Can be very true!
@dreamsoles1 @realDonaldTrump you sir are a true inspiration to me I thank you.  Great, thanks.
Iu2019ll bet if I didnu2019t harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone, they wouldnu2019t have done itu2014but it bends &amp; breaks!
#TBT Filming an Oreo commercial with Eli Manning, Peyton Manning and Darrell Hammond- 
The ObamaCare websites have cost over $5B &amp; many still do not work 
@GuyEndoreKaiser: @realDonaldTrump I've read Art of the Deal a dozen times! Only you can fix this country! That is perhaps true!
@BlueyesBeauty: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president I would actually go vote for once! #weneedchange #trumpforpresident Thanks.
The Trump Spa @TrumpNewYork is a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms 
@spencerpyoung: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president it will be the first time I actually go out and vote. Great!
Thank you to Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec for his incredible &amp; insightful article this weekend on failing &amp; irrelevant @BuzzFeed
@fionacarterr: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016
@ray_chipendo: We are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. Donald Trump
@Scott__Marx: @realDonaldTrump Run for president and save this nation from corrupt politics! #TrumpforPresident
Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai, 272 right down the middle. 
@HolaCatarina: If I could meet anyone in the world I'd want to meet  @realDonaldTrump #LoveHim
@pellscuse11 @realDonaldTrump I'd love to see you as President. You can turn this country around!   Thanks.
@noahshappy: @realDonaldTrump very true comment Donald, I'm glad we have people like you in this day and age
.@IvankaTrumpu2019s @FoxNewsSunday u201cPower Player of the Weeku201d interview with Chris Wallace 
@ashtonjfloyd: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas thank you for all of the motivation you have given me in life. You are a very inspiring man
Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!
I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy.
The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!
@UncleBibby: @BestBergerEver @realDonaldTrump here's a screenshot of my iphone. please be prez, don trump!!! 
Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights
So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell!
My @FoxNews int, with @TeamCavuto on the state of world affairs, economy, the Bushes etc.n  
@JonathanAFrye: Passion is the start; confidence, vision &amp; focus are the steps, &amp; resilience is the last mile to entrepreneurial success.
How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
@Pavlo_Rodriguez: @realDonaldTrump your books inspire me, thanks  Great.
@Li:Can't wait to meet! DonaldTrump will deliver keynote @ICSC NY National Deal Making Conference on Dec 8. 
u201cThe only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you havenu2019t found it yet, keep looking. Donu2019t settle.u201d u2013 Steve Jobs
@UmpireRobert: @realDonaldTrump is this one yours?? #nyc #soHo 
@AMENREMINISCE: @realDonaldTrump hahahaha Mr. Trump you're epic see you in Toronto in May at the Canadian International :)
I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s
@dr_rita39: @realDonaldTrump. I merely follow Mr Trump because he is a fascinating observation of power.
@AbbeyAshir: @thequote: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump
My @WendyWilliams appearance re Sony, Atlantic City, @ApprenticeNBC &amp; 2016 
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!
@Jon_Senior: Mr Trump sir, how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president? All of them? All!
u201c@DamacOfficial Announces @TigerWoods to Create Golf Course for Trump World Golf Club Dubaiu201d 
@utennjock: @realDonaldTrump please run for President... We need someone to save our country!
Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!
Environmental regulations stop Border Patrol from protecting 40% of the border 
@stevegbowlin: @realDonaldTrump great speech yesterday. Trump/Cruz 16 Thank you!
@GPlunkert @realDonaldTrump it shows u r a class act by doing the ice bucket challenge.. Unlike our president..  Thank you.
@jennamstrachota: @realDonaldTrump Always inspiring me to be my personal best! I appreciate it.
u201cDonald Trump to crown @FIU as Miss Universe venueu201d 
@lorenzolamas  You are the man Mr Trump. Your ALS Challenge was epic and all it represented. Love to the fam. Thanks Lorenzo.
@adeezy101: @realDonaldTrump are you just going to complain about it? Or are you going to make a difference in 2016?  Just watch!
Remember, we don't get any oil from Iraq, China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart!
So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change?  Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!
The road to success is always under construction. n-- Arnold Palmer
Mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now itu2019s no longer laughteru2014itu2019s disbelief...
Very excited to be addressing the @RepLeadConf next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss!
The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway, bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump
@Pertinax193: @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump Now let's get the course in my neighborhood at Kluge on track. My membership awaits.  Thanks!
@BillDMeyer1971: @gretawire @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews We need him as governor... this state is a mess.....
I won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you!
@WineEnthusiastu2019s highest rated wine in VA, @trumpwinery uses gentle techniques to produce quality wines 
@bebe_el_mejor: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump you are one of the people I most admire ! Greetings from Venezuela!. Thanks.
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else. -- nBenjamin Franklin
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling &amp; supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday, vote @DanSullivan2014!
@WusongTweet: @pand @realDonaldTrump Trump may be the best entrepreneur. Thinking Big and he is also creative, tenacious &amp; loves his work.
.@MattGinellaGC  Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst!
.@katyperry will do much better- 
@kimkardarshian3: @realDonaldTrump u afraid of getting #poor  Always have been!
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!
@Tyler4rmwc You would make a great President.  If anyone can get us out of debt, it's you sir.  Everything you touch turns to gold. Thanks
@LangWillar: @realDonaldTrump When? If it was before today, you're good. If you sold it today, not that good... I sold it last week!
.@AlexSalmond - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason, would hurt tourism!
@TpGraf82 @realDonaldTrump you tweet a lot of great and motivating things but I'm waiting for the tweet of all tweets trump2016 Thank you
Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you donu2019t, no one else will either. Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
@DatDudeHead: We've got to do something about this left wing socialist regime who has let our country go to hell. Calling President Trump
@KillianZane: Let @realDonaldTrump run out country
@Robert_W_GA: @realDonaldTrump they think the course should be old school, you know, like before lawn care technology aka goats!
@danrothweil                n Donald wins again with the best brain break tweet (Aristotle quote). Thanks and back to work. Thank you.
@WeddingBandWNY: @realDonaldTrump Thank you!!! Love Buffalo! My great honor!
@ma22dogs: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas the rooms are like condos. Perfect for families. Very accommodating staff. Thanks!
@DrChimRickles: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends please talk about how you maintain such perfect presidential hair! #Trump2016
@katlynne1994: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Power to this man!! He cares about this country
We are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the World needs GREAT leadership!
Obama lied when he said u201cyou can keep your plan,u201d so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?!
@Cordizzzle: @HowardStern getting a lot of praise from @realDonaldTrump on Fox News about Joan Rivers funeral. ud83dudc4d Howard did a great job!
@888maggie888: @ApprenticeNBC I want to see @realDonaldTrump ! He has the best hair in the biz you know! His wife is  amazing too!
@tstreck: @realDonaldTrump great building. Name looks awesome on it.
@DaMeechRiebl: Just saw your interview with @gretawire. Mr. Trump just run for president you'd be surprised to learn we all agree with you!
@rightwingMerca: @realDonaldTrump for president
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 A.M.
@cassiewellkid: i think Donald trump should run for president  Thank you, we sure do need someone - and fast!
@Demontre4: @realDonaldTrump just looked at the sign and it looks great
Via @Reuters by @sumeet_chat: u201cDonald Trump plans investment in India betting on Modi governmentu201d 
@kvstravel: @realDonaldTrump as I watch the news Mr. Trump I'm thinking I hope America has had enough of clinton&amp;bush as potus
.@JordanSpieth  Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan, you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard.
@VerizonLGg2: I cant save for my retirement anymore. I had to buy health insurance; that I can't use. Was given ONE choice. #NotAChoice!
@pathintel: @ICSC NYC Deal Making Announces Speaker Lineup inc keynote by @realDonaldTrump | 
@SuptSims  it's scary to think we have Obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation! Thank you.
@_Brandoh: @realDonaldTrump Donald for President!  Thanks.
@lizzymariedaoud: Mr. Trump i seriously love you, your tweets always keep me entertained because there very real, and you speak your mind!
u201cSee yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction.u201d u2013 Trump Never Give Up
Fifth Avenueu2019s most iconic building, @TrumpTowerNY features Trump Grill nestled in the corner of the Atrium 
@NassarInvesting: @realDonaldTrump For President! The only fighting chance this country has left. @BarackObama hasn't done shit.
@peterkleschen:  @CharlieMaikis Pineworst #2 is a number two alright, a dump. Turn on the water! Since when R the Carolinas in drought?
@lizuli_fitness:I really hope you run for president. Your RTs abt u being next pres have my hopes up! Please do our country a favor &amp; runud83dude4c
@MarkMizzouSteel: LOVE hearing @realDonaldTrump laying the hammer on the @nfl on @MikeAndMike this morning. Trump For Commissioner!!!!!
@DeannaSpillyard: Chicago should be so lucky to have the King of New York invest in their city! Love the sign!! It should be bigger JMO!
@Vegies: @realDonaldTrump called it the @emmys2014 are going to awful! #awful
@DrDannyDegraff: @alaina_danielle: @realDonaldTrump RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!? #SaveThisCountry
@YouKnowYourNice @realDonaldTrump you are the man, telling it how it is with no 2nd guessing. I respect you.  Thank you.
@maathewdavis @realDonaldTrump if Donald puts his mind to it, heu2019ll have this country in its best spot since Reagan!  I agree, thanks!
@iamkeysersoze: I think the sign matches the personality of the structure. Bold, but classy. Whatu2019s wrong with #knuckleheadsinthemedia
@BaitedTrap: @realDonaldTrump @thechrismcqueen America needs to be put back in the hands of America. Reclaim this country of ours!
u201cTrump, Tiger Team Up to Create 'Stunning' Golf Course in Dubaiu201dn  
@Anthony01286381: @realDonaldTrump Wtg @realDonaldTrump for president i vote for u
Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries, which are highly combustible, as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit.
@CMILLE__: @GREATGAETANO @realDonaldTrump he's a str8 foward guy &amp; does things the way it's needed to be done
@gjcream: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for being a strait shooter. You are an inspiration to all of us young business owners. Thank you!
@CarrGaz Trump completes his takeover of Turnberry and puts his own stamp on it. Full story in tomorrow's Carrick Gazette  Great.
@onecherfan: @realDonaldTrump @BB1fanTambra never thought I'd say this but Mr Trump ur right!
In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa, perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops!
@sunglasspros: @realDonaldTrump @SteveKingIA Good job Donald! We need you to get more involved!!! Way to go!!
@dwaters7545 @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago had dinner there for my 25th Wedding Anniversary! Absolutely beautiful! Great, thanks.
@EyeAmSMF @DRUDGE_REPORT  @realDonaldTrump should replace @Rosie on The View. :-) Well, they would then get great ratings!
This seasonu2019s cast of  @ApprenticeNBC brings excitement to the Board Room. Lots of surprises &amp; great tasks. Enjoy u2013 Jan. 4th!
@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump @southheastt Awwww, what a wonderful thing to say about our fearless leader. TRUMP 2016!
If Trump became president he would do an amazing job; if Obama took over Celebrity Apprentice, he'd fail.  What's your opinion? I agree!
America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB, Obama is a community organizer. Unfair.
@GlamorousTeam: @realDonaldTrump love u!!! Genius! Have a nice day! Thanks.
We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call &amp; he's out
If you want to be successful in business, you must take risks. Make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback.
@slisk2: @realDonaldTrump What we need is real CHANGE. What we need is Donald Trump #DonaldTrumpForPresident
@stewy1510: @realDonaldTrump @thefulldish U should run for president and help us out of it
Advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: Trust in God and be true to yourself.
Going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai!
@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump is the Man! He get's things DONE! America is LOST &amp; DONALD TRUMP is the Savior we have all been praying for!
Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy, a rare combination!
Elite Traveler &amp; the 12 Best Hotel Room Views in the World 
@sundance0272:  Congratulations Mr. Trump. We have enjoyed ever season and look forward to this next season. So entertaining!  Thanks!
@Steal70: @TrumpToronto @Reddit_Toronto  @porterairlines Flights cancelled. One quick call to Trump Toronto &amp; I was all looked after
Yesterday our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44% has accrued under Obama. A real mess.
u201cBeing true to yourselfu2026will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world. @mcuban
Young entrepreneurs u2013 remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
@Rampage_31: @realDonaldTrump If you run sir you have my vote!!! #trumpforpresident Thanks.
@jphillipsLO: @realDonaldTrump @espn You were spot on about the game of football being boring. Too many flags.
Understand that difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet.
@B_Thornton66: If you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! You're what this country needs! #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016
@kelsey_2155: @realDonaldTrump you're seriously the best i miss the celebrity apprentice so much.   We shoot in 3 weeks - GREAT CAST!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.n -- Abraham Lincoln
@mloughlin: This country needs @realDonaldTrump to run for president
I wonder how much money dumb @BuzzFeed and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad!
@lakehostetler: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, in a nutshell, what is my best course of action to succeed? Great ideas and hard work!
Obama has changed the Census so u201cit will be difficult to measure the effectsu201d of O'Care 
@AceBuey: @realDonaldTrump sadly, HBO had no morals and gave that garbage another show @billmaher  BOYCOTT HBO!
@SassyPantsjj Please do more Apprentices', know you're busy but once a year is NOT ENOUGH !!!!  Love that show !!! Thanks.
@BalconyBreeze: @realDonaldTrump @CahlRStorrie Trump warned USA about O. He had it correctly. True!
@DeesSteve @realDonaldTrump hey our week at your vegas hotel was very nice. Classy hotel. We will return Great, thx! @TrumpLasVegas
For China, of all nations, to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched
@KMacG1: Lovely lunch today @realDonaldTrump @TurnberryBuzz fantastic hotel #Ayrshire #eat scottish Thank you!
@Kennokevin: @realDonaldTrump You should run for President in 2016 and have @Vincemcmahon as your running mate.  Cute!
Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for  Obama. She supports ObamaCare &amp; opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for  @Perduesenate to change things!
@kathyshirer: Your Country needs you~~Donald Trump~~ Your about the only one in The World; That can get us out of debt! Thank you!
@Welles19: @realDonaldTrump @renovacion Moscow's bully is no match for Brooklyn's finest. Trump by TKO, any day.
@Joey_Columbo: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. America needs youud83dude4fud83dude4f
Shameful. After trading 5 senior Taliban for a deserter, the White House is now attacking Bergdahlu2019s platoon 
.@ArsenioHall just got u201cfiredu201du2014the people spoke, ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead, but he blew it!
@JLanderson1999: @realDonaldTrump For president 2016!
@TheSergioGarcia Played the new Trump Doral this morning! Should be great for next week! Thx Sergio, u will do great next week, see u then
Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS!
@MagnaSearchGRP Your new TRUMP tower in Vancouver looks fantastic. I'm gonna pick up a unit. Just can't say no to 5-star living #motivation
Great @nytimes story about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel- 
@shmopniggadick: @realDonaldTrump has got my vote
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S., a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!
@sdnc13: @realDonaldTrump when you do the things you've done you can put your name on it!!!  Thanks.
Another cover-up. Obama wonu2019t disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country 
@cstevechristyjr: @realDonaldTrump the Country needs a business man in charge that is not afraid to call out China. DT for P!  True!
@TheRealZach49: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016. We can't have another Obama
@gmoney8500: I'm tired of having a president without a spine. I'm so ready to call @realDonaldTrump #CommanderInChief
@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrumpu00a0Always admired you. You are the man who'll fight for the American Dream!
u201cSuccessful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.u201d- Reed Markham
@paul1994loan They should quote you word for word if they are going to use what you said Selective editing is very unfair True.
@906reynolds: Donald Trump is a leader and savvy businessman, two qualities we lack and desperately need in DC. Thank you, HAPPY EASTER!
@timessquarehero: @realDonaldTrump Please let Donnie, Eric and Ivanka run the empire for 4 years and #saveourcountry
@jimjacobs18: @realDonaldTrump are you overqualified to be president since you have actually held a job???? :) A very good question!
@pellscuse11: @realDonaldTrump Did Hillary really say Businesses don't create jobs?! #Trump2016
@lee_nall: Why not take on the greatest challenge Donald Trump has ever faced, making this country GREAT again, now that's a Legacy!!
My speech to @PressClubDC yesterday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan 
Via @Investopedia by @swan_investor: The Irreplaceable Brand Of Donald Trump 
@tmoulton @realDonaldTrump Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice! Thanks. @TrumpLasVegas
@kdharris59 I want someone who is liked by half and considered a SOB by the other half - I bet Mr Trump fits that   Interesting.
@tip66: @realDonaldTrump we all love you in Australia. Visit us when youu2019re President. A great place!
@StephanieWei: @realDonaldTrump playing Trump Ferry Point this morning! Looking forward to it. Have a great time!
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day.
Pigs get slaughtered u2026 again.  Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Just finished another week of filming @ApprenticeNBC. This season, a record 14th, is shaping up to be the best yet.
If you donu2019t publicize your successes, your competitors will be sure to belittle them. Get the word out!
@yvonnecr  @realDonaldTrump  please lets have kim novak on celebrity apprentice she would be great  I agree!
@AngelProRoofing @TrumpDoral I've had the pleasure of staying here with my family talk about exclusive service best resort by far. Thanks.
@lilydashevsky: @realDonaldTrump I'm skipping Cap. Hill meetings to make it to your #CPAC2014 speech! Any hints on the topic??
@Awew: @realDonaldTrump Now the enemy knows that capturing soldiers is worth it b/c our idiot president will give them what they want.
@JoshBurrnett: If Hilary Clinton runs for office. @realDonaldTrump HAS TOO. Or I'm moving to canada
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field,and then plan the best route for success.
Via @LuxuryDaily by Joe McCarthy: u201cTrump Collection leverages 2016 election frenzy for Washington debutu201d 
@BBCoachKK: @realDonaldTrump Oh Donald! I love you!
The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience. --Midas Touch
@pauljmarsico: @realDonaldTrump @buffalobills Only if the price is right will Mr. Trump make this deal.
@ronmeier123: @realDonaldTrump I bet you never heard this before: Your Hired
@AllanBell247: Did anyone just see @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike? He nailed it.
Mexico doesnu2019t respect our border hourly #SaveOurMarine
@GreggScharin: We need you to push the issues that this country is facing, no one else will lay it on the line like you will! #TrumpCarson
@Longviewmayor: @realDonaldTrump you're up at 5 am and you're awake at 1am. How do you have so much energy? Seriously!? Good genes!
@TheGolfAdvisor Ireland Golf Tourism will give @RealDonaldTrump a warm Irish welcome. the Lodge at Doonbeg: 
Due to the holiday, I will NOT be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7.
@Joeyssmyth @realDonaldTrump played turnberry ailsa today it was awesome good job
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq &amp; arm them in Syria? What is he doing!
@TedatACA: I concur with @realDonaldTrump on Pinehurst. IMO: Those blasts from sandy areas looked like IEDs exploding In Kandahar Province.
@grammasu52: PLZ Mr. Trump... if anyone can expose the #truth about #obama you can! How many more lies does #America have to listen to?
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
@CareyTim6: Happy birthday to @realDonaldTrump, the man we need to lead us in the future. #Trump2016  Thank you.
Must read article by @boonepickens &amp; @AmbJohnBolton: u201cAmericau2019s Untapped Energy Weaponu201d 
Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings, but itu2019s actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th....
@ApprenticeNBC: Sending warm wishes to our dear friend @hollyrpeete on her birthday today! Happy birthday, Holly!
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
@Bossman140: @realDonaldTrump the most brilliant observation you have ever made. Parents should take your advice
@VinceMcMahon Way to go @realDonaldTrump, what a good sport.  
@cmartinez521: Looking forward to learning from the best @realDonaldTrump #ThinkBigMakeitHappen 
Listen u2013 my Citizens United Political Victory Fund robo-call for @leezeldin 
Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did, and person died.
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).
@FenitaAyu1: I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump
@LynneOakvik: RT @40billion: Donald Trump Proves Hair Is Real | Interview | --In case you were wondering... 
@johnnydevine137  I'm all for Donald Trump owning the Bills. Give Trump a chance and watch the Donald, Trump the competition.  @nflcommish
The only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant @TrumpNewYork offers elite luxury 
@laura711hender: @realDonaldTrump Live in the suburbs but saw the TRUMP sign on your beautiful building. Really classy! Love it!
@HUveges: Casey/Melissa wedding :) #trumpties Jonathan Truhan, Aaron Butler, Seth Kossin 
@CMILLE__: @realDonaldTrump for president
@trieuhoang73: What a great golf course, excellent job @realDonaldTrump. My 1st Scottish golf experience was one to remember. Thanks!
@matt_grazz @realDonaldTrump @TrumpPhillyGM playing there this weekend #trumpphilly  Great!
@kornegay_danna: @spicedevilz Mr. Trump, you're a nice looking gentleman, period. I think you look nice, hair and all. Ignore the jealous
A dishonest slob of a reporter, who doesn't understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife, wrote a foolish &amp; boring Trump hit
@Sam_Keady: You are a Real life superhero and i believe you will be bring this great country where it needs to go #TrumpForPresident
@TrumpGolfDC  Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship!
@KevHegarty: Please please please let @realDonaldTrump run for president. That would be awesome.
@Augustleo14: @realDonaldTrump @T_Sharp4 I totally agree! The brain the Don has is so inspiring! I've loved him for years!  Thanks!
Via @WashTimes by @harperbulletin: u201cDonald Trump Goes to Washingtonu201d n  
Everything you can imagine is real. u2014Pablo Picasso
@MyNameIsLONG1: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016
The Village @Trump_Charlotte offers a variety of 5 Star dining experiences for everyday dining &amp; catered affairs 
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, I'm just not watching them much anymore!
@Paula_White  One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight!
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.n-- Vince Lombardi
@rick_royer: @realDonaldTrump on point as always
If this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa,has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people &amp; resign!
@harpers1niter: @realDonaldTrump Let's just put you in the white House now.
Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: Be sincere; be brief; be seated.  F.D. Roosevelt
@moniquehorsey: I really admire @realDonaldTrump. Thank you!
@BossBuza: @realDonaldTrump for president!
Young entrepreneurs: Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal.
Joan Rivers had great talent, but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion!
Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
@pasVote RED in 2014 &amp; 2016 &amp; remove these inept clowns &amp; party out for the next 8 years. Donald Trump run for Pres. Americans are fed up!
@shellyshells626: @realDonaldTrump @BrielleZolciak I'd vote for Donald ! OH yeah
@MVPSocialMedia: Great show/guest tonight! @Letterman @realDonaldTrump #legends  Thank you!
@BryantCope:  this country needs someone like you that speaks their mind and is great with economics/finances. #TrumpForPOTUS
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend, the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers!  Winner of Celebrity Apprentice, amazing woman.
@JaronAnthony: Great interview tonight @realDonaldTrump . #Trump2016
@viksquad: Trump Tower, gorgeous! Just like The Donald @realDonaldTrump 
@linnie13: @realDonaldTrump Very good points made tonight on Greta.
In my book, @Joan_Rivers had a lousy doctor, shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have!
@RonGreenJr: Trump has reason to be proud of his Trump International Scotland course. Spectacular setting, great fun. The Donald delivered
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
@cbreeze65: @realDonaldTrump. The only OB-vious candidate for the right. The Don needs to run! It just makes sense.
@MrBearHere: @realDonaldTrump just started my business and everyday I tell myself #belikeTrump Very nice, thanks!
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
@BrettNeveraski: I see you @realDonaldTrump 
Itu2019s Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?
@xadusx @realDonaldTrump @SamJabbo or Never give up they're all my favorite though, read them all! Thanks--good luck!
John Foust is a liberal who supports ObamaCare and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservative @BarbaraComstock to Congress!
Congress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY, but what a loser!
@Helmzyy  @realDonaldTrump If you would buy the team that would be awesome! Just an extra win for my squad:) @nflcommish
@SavannahMcPeek: I really hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president.He would definitely have my vote! Patriotism at it's finest!! #Trump2016
@SpenceMac96: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE WIN PRESIDENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Hope &amp; Change! China now controls a record number of our debt  
Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!
@Gunny44: @realDonaldTrump @CarrollGroupCHI @TrumpChicago classic lettering gives it a good classy feel  Thanks.
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
Within the heart of beautiful Somerset County, Trump Natu2019l Bedminster is the proud host of the 2022 @PGAChampionship 
@AAszkler: @realDonaldTrump @ChristineStergi President Trump, now that would make Putin wet himself!
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.
@ckiker22 @HowardStern looks like @realDonaldTrump needs to call in to the @sternshow  Two of Howard's all time top 5.
@lpgranier: Thank you for coming to Louisiana &amp; bringing $$$! First with your incredible speech at RLC &amp; now Miss USA! You rock! THANKS!
@maxmfoto @realDonaldTrumpu2019s cameo performance just made Home Alone 2 my favorite christmas movie  Thanks.
@JHKING17: @realDonaldTrump please do our nation a favor and run for president!! #trump2016  Somebody good better do that, and fast!
@tttmon: @realDonaldTrump You are amazing! I loved that you rewarded the bus driver who saved a suicidal girl.  Thank you, my great honor!
@attaanago: Watching back to back episodes of The Apprentice @realDonaldTrump ....best show ever!!!  Thank you.
@Stelmo757: @realDonaldTrump @KingRex9 @MichaelWacha come play Trump's course at The Point in Charlotte NC! You won't be disappointed!
@ChrisC_Skyward: Enjoying looking over the water from your Chicago hotel with my wife on our 5th anniversary. Great place!
@moore2score: Why is it almost every person I know thinks that Mac Miller's only song is Donald Trump and then he disappeared... True!
Looking forward to being at the @RyderCupUSA announcement tonight.
Remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success, let people know about it.
@Thayne_Spinks: If I don't see @realDonaldTrump in office in the next decade, I am moving costal and never returning. We need a leader.
@JaskulskiDiane:  @mileswynn3 @CahlRStorrie @Jennifer75AR We would have the best economy in the world with him as President! True!
@moffiq  Having role models like @realDonaldTrump and @richardbranson is the best thing in life! They set standards &amp; we can follow Thx.
Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling.
@SafirePublicity: @realDonaldTrump Will you PLEASE run for President ??????? You've got our vote! Thanks.
Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
@jimmyray1972: @realDonaldTrump Visited Doonbeg shortly after ur purchase. Really an exceptional course and resort.  Thanks!
@Alertora27 If @realDonaldTrump does buy the Buffalo Bills, they could become a winning team in the near future  Thanks.  @nflcommish
@L100RAN                       nAgree!  The best thing @AlexSalmond can do is start telling the TRUTH and nothing but the TRUTH!
@EllaKAgency @realDonaldTrump saw the Facebook specs for the new trump tower in Dubai looking good!!  Thanks.
@SouthernLady551: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for reminding everyone we need to #BringBackOurMarine. #MilitaryMonday
The @nfl games are so boring now that actually, Iu2019m glad I didnu2019t get the Bills. Boring games, too many flags, too soft!
@Katdhairstudio: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for this year. I never miss Apprentice! Show and cast will be amazing!
@victahh11: @realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.
@JBFanSince2005: I LOVE U @realDonaldTrump u261du270cud83dudc4d 
@marco_reid: @realDonaldTrump @janecat60 @joeho @KathViner @AlexSalmond way to destroy a view...
@VinnyGooch: @realDonaldTrump THE DON 2016!!! I CAN SEE IT NOW!
@emilyfashion16: @realDonaldTrump Then you should run for president! I know you could turn this country around.  I definitely could (fast)
@JoseThePaisa: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump do you know how sad it's to have a POTUS that ignored remembrance of Pearl Harbor?So un patriotic
@yune_dwi2: Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. - Donald Trump  SO TRUE!
We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers, and that's OK-but how much are Russia &amp; China spending?
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News.
Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp; the whole family. #BenBradlee
@darealfito: @realDonaldTrump not only would you be an amazing President, you would be the only one that can give America it's balls back!
@frogchip10: @realDonaldTrump should run for president! What a great vote to make!  Thank you.
@JBizz13: It was awesome Seeing you at the Ryder cup announcement last week! So glad to have the PGA of America coming to your course Tnx!
@cindylestrada: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump good interview. we definitely need more conservatives to speak up.
Also, the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart!
Just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! @WileyBiz
@Stevenklaiber: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump plus Golic apologies to Bill. Great show line up.
@Carbuccia You have a cool name for a President Donald J. TRUMP.. I'll pick you as a winner in any race!  @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump Thx
@wizkay46: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends salute you sir  Thank you.
@nikkio: DonaldTrump:  Only way to get Obama to do right for our Marine would be for every country club across USA to deny him golf access
@e1e5672d96c747c:Mr. Trump,We need you in Office,We need you to direct your famous quote to all who have jeopardize Our Country,Your Fired!
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping &amp; bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!
@AdverTina: @realDonaldTrump. Would you be aggressive as President?  Not aggressive,  smart!
@iJano27: If billionaire @realDonaldTrump once became #USA president he'll make #America best ever n rule lk beyond expectation! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83dudcaaud83dudc4d
@LongetTerer: Donald trump is paid 1.5 million per hr of every speaking engagement
@JeffreyGuterman: Years ago T said if US removed Saddam Hussein from Iraq, somebody worse would replace him. He was right about that: #ISIS
@DixonAgnes: As a Scot, thank you for what u do for the beautiful country of Scotland. But US needs u in DC. #presidentdonaldtrump
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- nThomas A. Edison
@Youngdf50:  @PeaceIsWeakness you are the only candidate that would make me vote republican. Today's world needs a real leader. Thank you!
@Colin: Mr. Trump, please buy our precious #BuffaloBills with Jim Kelly. You two know what the team means to #WNY. Love it! @nflcommish
Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
@Brian_Legit: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. Your the only one who can fix this mess Obama created I agree!
.@TrumpChicagou2019s exceptional dining w/equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences 
@hockey_brenna13: Listening to @realDonaldTrump on the Howard Stern Show....what a guy! @sternshow
Despite having a black president, the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were a  leader, this would not be the case
@_xx_justme: @realDonaldTrump I'd give anything for you to be our President. You have my vote and all of my families and friends too!!NICE
@KellyJeanturner: @Kateplu Teen Kids News covering the red carpet at the @ApprenticeNBC  Can't wait until January! 
Breaking ground shortly, Trump Intu2019l Washington DC will bring the DC Post Office far beyond its original grandeur 
I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters, I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion, sorry
@warrencasse: A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS! - @realDonaldTrump
@mrsdurkinmuses  Just asked frequent Las Vegas visitor where to stay.  He said @TrumpLasVegas @realDonaldTrump  Thanks.
@Discoboy7                nSalmond is on a one man crusade to destroya Brilliant Union &amp; his u turn on your investment is a disgrace! Thx
@Nospin_43: @realDonaldTrump @tan123 climate change allows them to stay on the gravy train whatever happens.
@Godchick83: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president!
.@Newsmax by @melaniebatley: Donald Trump Tells Why He's Eyeing the White House.I'll Tell You Why He Could Win. 
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom
#TrumpVlog Hagel quits- 
@Lake: Watching HBO Tyson my suggestion to all wealthy sports entertainers offer @realDonaldTrump 10%of earnings to protect your interests
@JoePreni: @realDonaldTrump only you can fix this country. #trumpforpresident  I agree!
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.n-- Thomas A. Edison
I am convinced that if @AlexSalmond had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland, the vote would have been much better for him!
@thrashingkitty: Hahaha @realDonaldTrump is killing it with the #oscars tweet.
I know about the u201crusticu201d look on golf coursesu2014but see photo of highly rated Trump National Philadelphiau2014a real gem. 
@WSOG2014 Hey, @realDonaldTrump Which gets better reviews the redesigned Blue Monster at @TrumpDoral or @BLTPrimeMiami? Both=great reviews
@ZANDIO: @realDonaldTrump where is the Leadership To Calm our senses as these protests continue? #StopDividingTheUSA
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
@VinnyMalpica @realDonaldTrump please buy the Bills @nflcommish #BillsMafia
@saigon1968tet: u201c@realDonaldTrump: Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel Obvious moron at conformation hearings.The worst I have ever witnessed
@ohhellocelo: @realDonaldTrump when you take charge Mr Trump, that's when it's gonna change. #TRUMPforPresident !!!!
@grapewhiskey: @sternshow  Can't believe all the hate trump gets. Hearing him and @HowardStern go back&amp;forth is good radio simple as that!
@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump hoping NBC announces a premiere date of Apprentice today at press tour! Everyone misses the show. Soon.
@HabsHappy: Starting 2believe Ujust may want 2run for Presidency after-all. Uknow what they say 'Reach For The 50 Stars' We Need CHANGE
.@nypost: u201cDozens of key staffers fleeing @AGSchneidermanu2019s officeu201d 
@Smurrrph: One of my favorite buildings in Chicago #TrumpHotel #TrumpTower @realDonaldTrump 
@thisismendim: @realDonaldTrump i read your book 'Think Like a Champion'. I'm impressed.. It motivated me very much. Thank you.
The more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
@AziziJoe_7: @realDonaldTrump go for it Sir!!! Just watch!
@TTH7: Just talked to nice woman at jacknthebox- she's being cut to 30 hrs due to #Obamacare- been there 5 yrs-3 kids to feed Very sad!
My @NewsRadio967 interview re Jeb Bush's absurd immigration comment &amp; @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit.   
Latin Americau2019s tallest building @TrumpPanama is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the New Year in luxury 
The exclusive home of @PGATOUR's @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami 
u201cSuccess depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.u201d - @jacknicklaus
u201cThe way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.u201d - Walt Disney
@AlexSalmond-I have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly, bird killing and very ugly wind  turbines dotting Scotland.
Via @GolfweekMag by @GolfweekBRomine: u201c@TigerWoods to design Trump course in Dubaiu201d 
@bluedish: @realDonaldTrump @espn spot on interview! ud83dudc4d let em play, put the flags away!
@R_B_Stuart: @realDonaldTrump Loved your ice bucket challenge. I hope everyone shuts up about your hair now.
The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break!
@MFBrooklyn: @realDonaldTrump everything u touch turns to gold I need to bump into u!  Work hard!
Via @CarrGaz: u201cTrumpu2019s grand plans for @TrumpTurnberry resort get the green lightu201d 
@EnlighTea: The Celeb Apprentice is the Best of Both Worlds...Real Business Lessons plus Very Entertaining Celebrity Stars! Can't Wait
I am watching the NFL DRAFT, will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS.
@JordanMeuleners: @realDonaldTrump you will always be one of my idols!! Thank you.
@awlove4ever: After you left dude I played some Mac Miller Donald Trump soooo loud and smoked that last lucky.
ICYMI, my @foxandfriends int. criticizing the GOP on ObamaCare, the new Congress &amp; 2016n  
Trump Victorious in Fort Lauderdale Litigation 
The 48,000 sq. ft. Spa @TrumpDoral boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments 
@AFCAllaeldein @realDonaldTrump just finished Think Like a Billionaire - again.. brilliant  Thanks.
@DavidGinsburg Once again, @realDonaldTrump kills on the @SternShow. Trump/@rqui ticket in 2016! :)  Thanks!
@adidasfevernova: @realDonaldTrump hey Donald - where can I purchase a #Trump2016 campaign shirt? Any details soon?
I will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:15 Hope you enjoy and agree!
Itu2019s Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of ObamaCare? REPEAL!
@EdwardFCox and @RobAstorino, who I like, are intent on another New York State suicide mission. They've got to get their act together!
@Bobbyblanton1: @realDonaldTrump you're right! This country is falling apart!! We need a strong leader!! One that will take no B.S.
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
@PianoBecca: OMG OMG OMG @realDonaldTrump just RTd meee! Yay! I sooo admire him. I cant wait for him to be MY Presedent!!! #Tump2016
@scorpio_man1973: The best ending to the #Oscars would have been @realDonaldTrump saying You're Fired
@mikeEread  If @realDonaldTrump buys the #Bills, please don't take them out of Buffalo!  I won't. @nflcommish
Good luck to @joniernst. You will make a wonderful Senator.
Entrepreneurs: Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
@LaneJh: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I always watch your Monday morning interviews on Fox and they are all fantastic. Trump for POTUS!
.@AlexSalmond I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp; inappropriate.
Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic, bloated &amp; gone!
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there.
One of @GolfWorldUSu2019 top public courses, @TrumpGolfLA's course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf 
@CATHCO9: @boboxm103nyc Goes to @realDonaldTrump Best tweets of the night. #Oscars
.@ScotGolfPodcast Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.
u201cSometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.u201d - @VinceMcMahon
@fullybop: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP! Love the sign in Chi Town! #trump4president Thank you.
@joelmch2os: @realDonaldTrump announce your presidential campaign tonight. WE NEED A LEADER! #trump4pres 
Via @BBCNews: u201cDonald Trump visits his newly-purchased Turnberry golf resortu201d 
@UP1775: @realDonaldTrump 2k16 manud83dudc4d
It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner.
@Tradingforex24: In the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. Donald Trump
@MikeE116 If you run you got my vote. You know how to run business and grow it. That's what our country needs.   Thanks.
@WhiteShaunwhite  I salute Your courage and work Sir! You possess All the Entrepreneurial and Leadership Qualities. Y not Run for President
@MattGinellaGC  Matt, you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. You are all talk, no substance!
@miorlano_14: If Donald Trump ran for president, i would vote for him in a heartbeat.
I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!
@NYCdeb8tr: @realDonaldTrump We have 2 more years of suffering under Obama. Can we at least have some fun while suffering? #Trumpfan
Treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at @TrumpGolfLAu2019s white sand $250M premiere course 
@Marooose  @Trump_Ireland welcome to Ireland!Very much looking forward to sampling #trumpluxury on my home soil! #Doonbeg  Thank you!
@MichaelSad6: @tonymission @Saran_arsh @realDonaldTrump I think Trump vs Clinton would be huge
@MelanieNews8: The Donald @realdonaldtrump is in town. Find out why. @NewsChannel8 this morning.
@Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump Taking 'Serious Look' at 2016 Presidential Run 
.@genesimmons is terrific--congratulations on Hall of Fame.
@Scott__Marx: @realDonaldTrump I agree 100%! Please run for president and save this country! #Trump2016
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
@tquoteseday: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump
@TrumpLasVegas: It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate. @realDonaldTrump
@CPow17: Got my first paycheck today. Watch out @realDonaldTrump I'm right on you're heels Great going, work hard!
@ShadesOfLilac: RT u201c@realDonaldTrump: We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.u201d Completely agree, Mr. Trump.
@ewalkdog33: @realDonaldTrump even if it's only 4 years be president and fix this countries economy
Re Negotiation: Know exactly what you want &amp; focus on that. View conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons.
@OwenFetnon @realDonaldTrump you buying the bills would be a dream come true! Thank you so much.  @nflcommish
@HearUsNowUSA1: u201c@realDonaldTrump: @rhino848484 @realDonaldTrump in Chicago on a business trip. I love seeing the Trump name!! Thanks!u201d
@MotivationIdeas: In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. ~ Donald Trump
@Bettylovesdogs: @realDonaldTrump @iHunt88 never gonna happen-I'd like it too, but he won't run Keep watching!
@johnmichael328: @realDonaldTrump Great question...agreed
@Gregshades @realDonaldTrump in 2017 when obama (hopefully) leaves office and we can began to rebuild America from his nightmare. Thx
@jrnicholas8: Love the Trump in Chicago. Those who don't like it are jealous! Capitalism is where it's at! We need more signs like it!
@JaredAustinThom: We just need to let @realDonaldTrump run the whole world. #Trump2016 It would be a fantastic place, thanks!
A rare case where the U.S. should help- 
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One.  Doesnu2019t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Timeless Classic.  So nice!
@ikiibrahim: @realDonaldTrump - the Donald has done great all over!!!!!  Thanks.
@matthewclement4: @realDonaldTrump For president
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be u2018readjustedu2019 by the White House at an opportune time, probably after u201914 election
Go to the website for the Judge's full decision re Trump University:  
.@TrumpScotland provides luxury accommodations &amp; a championship Par 72 7,400 yd. course. Book your tee time now 
@mariela_mh: @IvankaTrump, @realDonaldTrump DAMAC releasing today - Trump Estate in #Dubai 
@Jasonebean  The Trump name on a building brings class and creates a landmark for a city. 
The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn?
We must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the Ebola infected areas of Africau2014before it is too late.
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. 
Just met with David Perdue @Perduesenate. Heu2019s a fantastic guy who will fight hard against ObamaCare. He will win!
@StevenSourPatch: @realDonaldTrump 4 President!!!
@HappyGuy201: I honestly think @realDonaldTrump would fix the mess this country has become.  I could and would'
@moviesharkd: Terrific and insightful interview with @realDonaldTrump by @Jim_Gardner!! Great piece, Jim! Great info and candor, Donald!
@pharlap9 @realDonaldTrump Emanuel is nuts, period! Your sign is wonderful on your building in Chicago! Thank you.
u201cPeace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.u201d u2013 Pres. Ronald Reagan
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. n -- Winston Churchill
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before!
@EWErickson Taking my 9yo to NYC next week for a father-daughter trip. I will take her to see Trump Tower.  Architecture done right.  Thx
@SeattleSeahack: If I write you in under every race, does that invalidate my ballot? I also wrote Trump Decides on all the initiatives.
u201cSometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.u201d - Steve Jobs
Of course I don't think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic, but never thought he was alive as President, stiff!
Obama's wind turbines kill u201c13-39 million birds and bats every year!u201d 
@hartataq81: @realDonaldTrump @arabinkid88 when you going to be our new POTUS  Only time will tell - thanks!
@AlexEveslage: @realDonaldTrump should be president. He could get things DONE.  That is so true!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. --  Aristotle
After destroying the Middle East &amp; our economy, the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes!
@ScreenPlayWritr: @realDonaldTrump Is Al Gore on that ship?
@commishjoe: Happy Birthday to successful businessman and true American success story. He certainly tells it like it is! Thank you.
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
@EllieReynolds4 Trump 2016!!! @realDonaldTrump Rocked it on @seanhannity #GOP #president2016  Thank you.
@JoeFraga: I saw your interview yesterday &amp; agree 100%. Disgusted how reporters are misconstruing your words. Flat out lies by them.
@InTheElections:  @NYDailyNews It seems democrats are incapable of honesty, especially where you are concerned, afraid of you. TRUMP 2016!
@RickClement  It's tough work reading all those speeches from a teleprompter. Real leaders lead. Like you Donald!! Please run !! Thank you
Patrick Reedu2014We are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude &amp; the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC.
Great news from Irelandu2014Clare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel &amp; golf course in Doonbeg. 
@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Saw Show on IVANKA Fox News. Very good. She is a great role model--like you, Thank you!
@michelledivv: Donald Trump for president ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 @realDonaldTrump
If you have passion, confidence, resilience, &amp; vision, you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list &amp; you're off to a good start
@TrickyMackey: @Tidmore He seems to be doing the right thing. He's taking a stand for America and asking 4 some common sense about Ebola.
One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough.     Tonight everyone is using that    word!
NYC's sole hammam, The Spa at @TrumpSoHo offers classic treatments inspired by wellness rituals f/around the world 
@MattMan612: I'm on board with @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016
@GOPthinker: @realDonaldTrump We need you to run for president, big guy. The Dems &amp; Reps are simply incapable of fixing the country.
@MIKE_CENA2015: @realDonaldTrump I would vote for you Mr Trump &amp; I don't even vote ...
@CCPLiberty: u201c@RickNichols3: @realDonaldTrump time to get businessmen in DC instead of politicians. Trump for Pres!u201d
@RealJimPeterson: @realDonaldTrump That's right we aided in their wealth and their silence on this matter demonstrates their acceptance.
@ValEveretts: Obama isn't smart enough to identify what the best and brightest would look like. Please run for POTUS. We need you.
@BackOnTrackUSA:Imagine how much tax money it will cost Americans when Obama legalizes 25 million illegal aliens&amp;gives them free ObamaCare
Via @worldnetdaily by @jerome_corsi: u201cDonald Trump: Obamau2019s Jobless Figures u2018Phony.u2019 Economists agree.u201dn  
@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump Amen, Mr Trump! Run for President. We need a strong leader! Stay tuned!
@mtthwdvs: @realDonaldTrump Joan was a great woman. always funny and she had excellent chemistry with you on Celebrity Apprentice!
@KarenHaywood3: @realDonaldTrump Beautiful!
@bigcorpny: @realDonaldTrump yah AC ended when you stopped loving it!
@FanOfGreenMMs: @realDonaldTrump we love you Mr. Trump. Thank you!
@nikkio: DonaldTrump. The Turnberry is your global Crown Jewel...Anybody who is anybody will add this resort to their must visit list.
@clarkr3000  Love the Sign in Chicago! You built it and have every right to stamp your trademark on it. Kudos!  Thank you.
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
u201cDonu2019t toss off your problems, and donu2019t dwell on them either. Deal with them!u201d u2013 Think Like a Champion
@MichaelMeram: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio This war with @Rosie is halarious. @realDonaldTrump keeps roasting her She starts, I finish!
Another clip from my @greta interview discussing why Sony should not have capitulated to the hackers 
@wisdomforwomen: u201c@realDonaldTrump: The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.u201d  True!
Why are we letting the three girls, who left the U.S. to join ISIS, back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!
Via @BBCNews: u201cDonald Trump golf clubhouse at Menie approvedu201dn  
Via @Newsmax_Media by Alana Marie Burke: u201cDonald Trump 2016: 7 Key Political Positionsu201d 
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be less safe with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!
Via @usweekly: u201cDonald Trump Sounds Off on Joan Rivers' Death: u2018I Think The Doctors Made a Terrible Mistakeu2019u201d 
@zahmad_a:It is the haste decision of withdrawing troops from Iraq w/o having a fully prepared Iraqi Army. Wrong, they could NEVER do it!
Congratulations @Jean_GeorgesNYC for 10 years of 3 #MichelinStars! Visit the restaurant in @TrumpNewYork for a meal youu2019ll never forget.
Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! @foxandfriends
@murciahole13: @realDonaldTrump sir, our country could be great once more with you as President. You're hired! Thanks!
Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say!
@MrsWilbert: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends now that I know you're on every Monday, I'll definitely be listening
Just terrible! #Oscars
@Tnyankeefan35: @realDonaldTrump Get it done Donald! #MerryRollTideChristmas
@GolferMatt23: @realDonaldTrump Are the @MasterCard commercials filmed at Trump National LA?  Yes.
@ellenbourque: @Writing4Life197 your the best in the world for hotels /resorts....why not be our best in history as president? Just watch!
I actually enjoyed the piece re sign @TheDailyShow. Could it be that Iu2019m starting to like Jon Stewart?
@samraj25: @realDonaldTrump i just saw that many indians have mr.trump as their role model and all the libraries had trump books!!super
Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country.
Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY!
There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many, bedlam!
u201c@IvankaTrump: u2018Trump Estates Dubai unlike anything else in the regionu2019u201d  
@MarkCannizzaro: If you r lucky enough to play Trump Aberdeen Scotland make sure you get @dbeattie53 to loop for you. #bestcaddieinthebarn
A @senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative who'll make a difference in Washington.
@EAikenz: @realDonaldTrump @renovacion Putin May be smart but he doesn't have the Art of the Deal!
Obamau2019s statement that illegals u201ccanu2019t stayu201d = Obamau2019s promise u201cif you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.u201d
@ThaSugarMaker: @realDonaldTrump It seems you are the only one who speaks the truth. Wether we want to hear it or not...
Rated @GolfMagazine as 1 of the top courses in the country, Trump Intu2019l Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes 
@LLL3_0: Awesome. @BrandiGlanville Australia is screening #CelebrityApprentice 12 Jan can't wait @ArenaTV @realDonaldTrump
@InTheElections:  See, I told you God wanted you to be president, he's had me praying for you about it y many years. .Wow, so nice!
Listen to my interview with @KathieLGifford at @PodcastOne - 
@evyfitz  beautiful hotel, great staff, wonderful location &amp; County Clare is a hidden gem for unique tourist attractions Fantastic place!
@benedwards55  I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president Probably true!
@abunnieslife: Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir! 
@Stay_on_Green: Andrew Tahmooressi has been freed by Mexico. Obama didn't do anything. But I think that @realDonaldTrump did.
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp; opposes Ebola travel ban. Send @RoundsforSenate to Senate!
@ColinMeeks: I would love to see @realDonaldTrump on @ABCSharkTank Any shot of that??? Thanks, but the Apprentice starts on Jan 4.
@johnnyhabit: @realDonaldTrump why the fuck do I even follow you? Because you're addicted to genius, asshole!
@rinibobusepi: RT @realDonaldTrump u201cYou're never a loser until you quit trying,u201d - Mike Ditka
Obama has now had two record &amp; historic midterm losses. There is Hope &amp; Change for America.
I know Shia LaBeouf @thecampaignbook and when sober, a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late.
ObamaCare has cut workersu2019 pay by over $22B &amp; eliminated 350,000+ small business jobs 
On schedule for 2016 completion @trumpvancouver's 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of Vancouveru2019s skyline 
@sjleith @realDonaldTrump @TrumpScotland A truly great course.  Best I have played in Scotland.  Thank you.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words, they will continue to screw the U.S.!
They must be kidding - can this be happening #Oscars
@rickdavenport8 @TrumpDoral LOOKING FORWARD TO TAKING ON THE MONSTER SOON!!! SO WHAT IS THE DONALDS BEST ON IT?? EXCITING LOOKING COURSE!!
@fergton: @realDonaldTrump when the released prisoners kill Americans what does Obama say to their parents?
Via @townhallcom by @MattTowery: u201cWhy Trump Should Runu201d 
.@aaronschock  Aaron, it was great to meet you at Trump Tower. Also, really good job on television!
@GolfDigestMag  Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which, by the way, blows Pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. Stay tuned.
@joella_clements:There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt Tahmooressi Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine
@DerekVarsalona: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Listening to you now. you are great.
@beautifulblusky: Now that Republicans are dominating The House, all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President of the USA!
HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY!
Looking forward to speaking at prestigious @TheEconomicClub on December 15th 
@TylerTheKicker: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song
@beltex63: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I think the twitterverse has confirmed they want a 2016 run that can make a REAL difference-True
@sashamajerovsky: @realDonaldTrump @DLDizel @cspan @cspanPolitics just love hearing you speak because you speak the Truth!!  Thanks!
@richtweett                n@realDonaldTrump Please do the same thing for the Whitestone Bridge! Thanks Donald Trump! I will try!
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow, I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!
@mmurph @realDonaldTrump trump for president. You are a very wise man that we need in office!  Thank you.
@wesley_minga: @realDonaldTrump you're a genius! Thank you, you are so correct!
Trump Intu2019l Washington D.C. is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in &amp; enjoy Opening 2016 
@StephenGrubba: @realDonaldTrump You were great today on @HowardStern. Hope you buy the @buffalobills.
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein, who lost his company to Colony Capital, is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really!
@frank_puggi: @realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump If one man could get this fucking country back together Donald Trump can. I admire him.
@brad4634  A beautiful addition to my city's skyline and great dining!! Thanks for making Chicago more beautiful than ever!! Thank you.
@PuNiShMeNt75: @realDonaldTrump Grab your popcorn, because T.O. is on The Celebrity Apprentice in 2 months.
@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president @realDonaldTrump
@williamn95: @realDonaldTrump is my favorite celebrity/business man, please run for president we need someone competent So true!
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. u2013 Babe Ruth
@SellPuts: ! Congrats @SixteenChicago's @ChefLents on your Chef of the Year nom in @eaterchicago Eater Awards 
@lifesanthem @TrumpVancouver Good news. 1 of the most exciting people coming to 1 of the most exciting cities in the world! A great place!
Flashback from October, 2013: u201cDonald Trump demands larger iPhone screenu201d 
@BigThasYourBack: @realDonaldTrump spot on about the media! Honestly, just run 4 prez! Many will support u! More than u expect!  Thanks.
@sonnyhhunter: @realDonaldTrump just got a phone survey about your sign in Chicago - love it &amp; the beautiful building it's on. Well done.
@Joe_Sutt: @realDonaldTrump Wharton baby!
So many people who have children with autism have thanked meu2014amazing response. They know far better than fudged up reports!
@DaBostonFan: @realDonaldTrump if you were in office you would do everything right. True.
@RaineDevries: @realDonaldTrump @rramz1979 This #Dallas girl would vote for you! Thank you.
Trump Intu2019l Palm Beach offers a spectacular course, with hill vistas, bunkers and incredible water features. 
@Paula_White: There is HOPE!! Thank God- #HopeForToday podcast- interview guest @realDonaldTrump 
@ShayDud: @realDonaldTrump If you can dream it, you can do it. waltdisney Hope your dreaming of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
@billywmerritt: .@realDonaldTrump We need a Trump Tower in Atlanta. I will buy the first unit.  Great!
Certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #Oscars
Obama will let Ebola fly into US &amp; drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. #FreeOurMarine
@BRAD_R0BINS0N: @realDonaldTrump is on point with his tweets about the #oscars tonight. Hilarious!
@sleuthjen: @realDonaldTrump if you had one piece of advice for Obama what would it be? To resign from office!
Now the UN is attacking @Redskins franchise 
@pandoerra: @realDonaldTrump had an incredible day at Trump Bedminster. Bravo Mr. Trump Great.
@aliciaabel81: @realDonaldTrump Breaking ground in DC today. Trump for President 2016--so much more ground to break! #Trumpforprez Thanks!
Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 #USOpen. #USGA Great playing from beginning to end!
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
@rclark_randy: @realDonaldTrump great interview on @MikeAndMike this AM! The Donald for commissioner!!
@justdoitmia: @realDonaldTrump hard not think Atlantic City and not think of you..you're an icon there and always will be, god bless you!
@harvey_handy: @realDonaldTrump if POTUS what would you do with Russia right now?  All I can say is that they would respect the U.S.
@jimrcottage: @realDonaldTrump  @sternshow Mr. Trump you were witty, respectful, entertaining and as Howard said just a down to earth guy!
By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy?
Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
@betterhermann                 @caleb2207 @oreillyfactor I think a show on Fox w/Donald Trump would be something to look forward to. Agree
@TrumpScotland: @JustinRose99 prepared for his Scottish Open victory at @TrumpScotland.Check out the video below. 
@anastasiasoula7: @realDonaldTrump Listen to your daughter! Run for Prez!
To be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily. - Think Like a Billionaire
The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided; but never hit softly. -  Theodore Roosevelt
@calfofgod: @realDonaldTrump #donaldforpresident
@LoisWeiss: @RealDonaldTrump Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi 
@toptv005: @VikkiTB he was thu00e9 Very First one to warn people about Barack Hussein Obama &amp; people blamed him? Well, he was right!
@maomaothecat: @realDonaldTrump can't sleep thinking about the new Celeb Apprentice!!!
From rags to riches, and back to rags! n
When in doubt, Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record.
My sons, Don and Eric, are in Ireland looking at my new club. It will be phenomenal!  @LodgeatDoonbeg
@GeraldBJohnson: @realDonaldTrump I would vote for Trump! We need discipline, intelligence, and most of all strength!! He would bring all 3
I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!
@ItsMarcela2you: @realDonaldTrump I would vote for you! You could run this country to success!
.@MikeAndMike   I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun, great guys! Radio and T.V.
@gretawire: A GIANT THANK YOU TO ALL THE ON THE RECORD VIEWERS at 7pm u2014 you are THE REASON we remain #1 at 7pm!  Great going Greta.
@persdevquotes: u00ab Without passion you dont have energy, without energy, you have nothing. u00bb Donald Trump 
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump Biggest mistake of 2014 was ABC rehiring @rosie
Rise high in affordable luxury. Trump Parc Stamford offers gracious living with entertainment spaces 
Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen, apply, then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is.
@foxesden8: Scottish choir coming to New York in January. How would you like Scottish songs sung in the foyer of TrumpTower New York  Yes!
@linsey_gile: Wise words spoken by Donald Trump: Sometimes by losing a battle, you find a new way to win the war.
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but canu2019t make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
@CahlRStorrie: After watching @hannityshow w/ @realDonaldTrump on it, made me realise how good a president Trump will make #Trump2016
@heelshoops23: @realDonaldTrump you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform, why not run for pres?
.@Mitt Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!
@Tmezzy20: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump for PRESIDENT
My @gretawire int. on Leon Panetta's critique of Obama, Ebola, rise of ISIS, Obama's lack of common sense &amp; 2016  
@KPPhotography38 @HowardStern when Donald runs for President he will have my vote! I'll even campaign for him #TrumpForPresident  Thanks
Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night.
@DavidInspired:Trump wouldn't be afraid to tighten our foreign policy! People would once again respect the US if he was elected! #TRUMP2016
@ash_talks: Have to meet @realDonaldTrump in the morning. Good night.
Obamau2019s 2014 budget u201ceyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenueu201d 
Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!
Senate concludes u201cBenghazi could have been preventedu201d 
@TMZ: Donald Trump Teaches Miss Pennsylvania a MILLION DOLLAR Lesson 
@asa_willi8: After watching fox this morning, I'm convinced that @realDonaldTrump should run for President! Thanks.
.@BlairKamin Sorry sucker, as usual you lose again. You couldn't work for me for 10 seconds. Bad critic-- great sign. 
@JohnnyObots: @realDonaldTrump Will you PLEASE run for President. We need a REAL LEADER Thanks.
USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarine
@D The government spends millions to keep bad people to come in via air travel. Now they go through Mexico. Wish DonaldTrump was in charge
@SanFranSuperman: @TMZ @realDonaldTrump:  Trump should be the next president of the US. Guy is a genius!
Congratulations to @TrumpDoral for being named one of @LINKSMagazine's Great Destinations: 
Trump Intu2019l Palm Beach offers an award winning par 72 Championship measuring 7,326 yards. Florida's top course 
@ScottSolinger: Thank you for your dilignet effort in the publicizing of the jailed Marine Tahmooressi. Pathetic it didn't happen sooner.
Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . #BringBackOurMarine
China will now pass our economy this year, way ahead of projections. Pres. Obama u2013 Chinau2019s greatest asset!
u201cConcentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger.u201d - Arnold Palmer
Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems, be ready to fight for your rights, &amp; all will be well u2013 Trump Never Give Up
@ghosttoast99: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump please help us get an autism service dog for our son, Carson. How much do you need?
@keyboardbrian: @realDonaldTrump Being the Donald fan for many years, yes, the sign looks fantastic!
u201cThe longer you play, the better chance the better player has of winning.u201d - @jacknicklaus
Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.
@keeli_munkres: @realDonaldTrump for president ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China, Russia or wealthy African oil nations
@truckncargirl:  @fionacarterr Trump is the #candidate in #2016. #strong #leaderwho is #opinionated and #fearless Need to #vote #Trump2016
Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he canu2019t fix the illegal loophole.
@MissUniverseHom: @MissUniverse @realDonaldTrump Gabriela Isler #Beautiful #TheBest 
@SchuetzKatie: Please hear my prayers and run for president when the time comes!!! Please America needs you!!! #Donaldtrump #president
@GeneLingerfelt: The @realDonaldTrump on the #TortureReport: 
ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented.
@JoshHasADog: Me with Don and Sarah. We went out for pizza that night. Remember .@realDonaldTrump 
Re Negotiation: Know what you want &amp; think about what the other side wants. Know where theyu2019re coming from &amp; do not underestimate them.
Story written by a @HuffingtonPost reporter that the HuffPost refused to print. Total bias, but we will prevail! 
@J_Hawk25: @realDonaldTrump well said this morning on @MikeAndMike the NFL has become the No Fun League. #nfl
Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldnu2019t, but he should not have said that. So stupid!
Via @ScotlandNow:  u201cDonald Trump starts u00a3250million overhaul on @TrumpTurnberry golf resortu201d 
@Deanna_Lea_: @celebritytroll  True, but America is starved for leadership and he's our best option. Ted Cruz etc are canned rhetoric
u201cCompetitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears.u201d - Bobby Jones
@TwatterTwatTwit: @realDonaldTrump you are 100% right. Enough is enough.
@jvickersdc  Staying at Trump International Resort in Miami. Well done sir. Wish we could stay a couple more days! Great family vaca Thx
u201cYou canu2019t wear a blindfold in business. A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons.u201d u2013 Trump: How to Get Rich
@iluvmorso: @realDonaldTrump can't wait to see the Apprentice - it's back finally On January 4th.
@mattdykstraMIZ: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President. I will gladly work on your campaign.
@NaijaFlyingDr: @realDonaldTrump is one of my fav.entrepreneurs of all time Thank you.
I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG
@SharonWilcox13 @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas are you running for President? You should.  Thank you.
@ohheyjanelle: Mr. @realDonaldTrump for President 2016!
@AnnieDrews: @followdotch @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Love that show. Hope I'm out of the hosp in time to catch the premiere.Get well!
@AndreaTantaros  It was great to see you - say hi to all!
@gigicats6: Am sooo glad that Joan R will still be on CA, as I'm sure all of her fans are. Thank you for honoring her this way.
@nifkin_juice: @kesjenkins @realDonaldTrump I know exactly what it is... and you're it  Thanks.
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; now 250,000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote @CoryGardner!
@TaylorJeffrey1: @realDonaldTrump @iHunt88 Yes, please do, we need somebody with a head on their shoulders &amp; knows how to use it
@Jdougherty3: Boys in the hood call me the black Donald Trump. Great!
@BigBro14 @realDonaldTrump Just booked my trip to Trump Intnl Golf Links in Aug So excited to play the Best  Have fun!
@BobDayTGAS:  @NassarInvesting @BarackObama I would walk barefoot and naked on a mile of broken glass n snakes to cast my vote for TRUMP!
Record snowfall &amp; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
@HelLo4T: PREACH @realDonaldTrump !!! U killed it on @MikeAndMike ! #NFLestaDepinga
@stephinkycheese: @gjonesiv @StuartAppleby Yep, what a rough day.. I bet @realDonaldTrump loves the leaderboard looking like a U.S. Open.
@_Brandoh: @realDonaldTrump Only 1 solution for the Oscars, Trump as host
@itsRyanHilton: @realDonaldTrump Marry Christmas to the future President of the United States!  Well, America would be great again. Thanks.
@dchamp5810: @realDonaldTrump @indigoblue65 you got my vote Mr. Trump.... Great!
Make your NYC getaway memorable -- @TrumpNewYork provides both true luxury and top access to Midtown West  
If Vera Coking had taken my millions of $u2019s like she should have, she would have lived for many years in Palm Beach, Florida.
The NFL image is really tarnished! Now, if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down, the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games!
If our border is not secure, we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists.
@TheKeshKid: @realDonaldTrump for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! #TrumpForPresident
Via @HPCaTravel by @alau2: u201cTrump Hotel Reflects Youthful, Luxurious Vancouver: Ivanka Trumpu201d 
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. It's absolutelyu2026 
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry &amp; Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland. Then heading to Dubai  @DamacOfficial, a great company.
@ukcarioca: @realDonaldTrump do you ever sleep? I see timelines from you at 3-5am?  Not much!
@MarioFMartinezz: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016
I would like to thank a great writer and person, @JPappasPR., of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY, for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!
@Jagbarron Finally get to watch one of my favorite shows again trailer looks good  #celebrityapprentice   
@billywmerritt: @realDonaldTrump I am democrat and I would vote for you. #trump2016  Thank you!
@BeliyWulf: @realDonaldTrump @ronmeier123 Save America, Trump
ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp; unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp; job losses.
@ScottSummerHall @realDonaldTrump just stayed in Trump Chicago....by far the nicest hotel in Chicago. Absolutely amazing job! Great, thx.
@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump for president! Only man who knows how it actually works in politics!  Thank you!
#TheArsenioHallShow   Well, it had to happen. People that are disloyal, in the long run, never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!
Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland, which I am renovating. This place is incredible! @TrumpTurnberry
@scratchhandicap: @Trump_Ireland @realDonaldTrump About to check in for 3 days!! Driving in as I type! Course looks amazing!  Enjoy!
@CJM8112: Thanks for the golf course in The Bronx! What else do you have planned for us? Hispanics/Latinos love Trump! AND I LOVE THEM!
@fsdiva06: Santa...All I want for Christmas. 1.my kids to be healthy 2.to pay off all our debt be debt free 3. DonaldTrump become President
@krdevine: @realDonaldTrump very excited to see what the future holds for the new Trump Turnberry. Any clues?  It will be GREAT!
@tmoulton @realDonaldTrump Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice! Thank you. @TrumpLasVegas
@1tannedman                   @realDonaldTrump I have about 40 of ur ties wouldn't wear anything else  You have great taste, thanks.
@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrumpu00a0You are the kindest heart in all of USA. You give SO much to us &amp; you forgive the haters &amp; loosers!
@fapyvaquzoci: Enough politicians! We need a business man to get this country back on track! @realDonaldTrump for Prez 2016!
Central American presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration 
@retog_rick @TrumpTurnberry Congratulations!  Great feat accomplished.  Well done, can't wait to get an opportunity to golf this venue Thx
@keegster51: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! We need a competent leader, so I can find a job after college! #Trump2016
@FeliceCori: @realDonaldTrump. I like when someone who does not need money is getting into polItics.
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. - Think Like a Champion
#TBT A picture of my fantastic father and myself. Best teacher in the world! A great Fatheru2019s Dayu2026 
@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump #PresidentTrump2016 FOR SURE!
State Department has not revoked a single passport of ISIS Americans 
@DamienDuplantis: @realDonaldTrump For President ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
Amy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity.
@PbrunnerRr: @realDonaldTrump You should go to Wrestle Manina. Its Good for business. Us Fans want you as President
Happy 4th of July to everyone,  including the haters and losers!
@chrispilz: @realDonaldTrump Would you consider running for pres in 2016?  That absolutely could happen. Our country needs help fast!
@Roney_Samuel: @realDonaldTrump was at a whole other level this Saturday. Thank you for coming down sir! #TorontoInternational
Boasting @AAAFiveDiamond &amp; @ForbesInspector 5 Star ratings, @TrumpNewYorku2019s @jeangeorges features a superb menu 
@AndyHemmins: @realDonaldTrump #MissUSA is way classier than #MissAmerica
@KaelaDianne97: The only way to fix our country's mess is @realDonaldTrump for president in 2016! HE IS THE SMARTEST AND MOST CAPABLE MAN!
Thank you @Todayshow for the wonderful and honest poll results on Chicago sign. People love it!   
@mappleby747: Trump 2016! We need someone who not only wants to Change this country but can change this country. @realDonaldTrump Thanks.
@johnny4arizona: President Trump would have America walking proudly, talking loudly, carrying big stick n foreign policy again. #Trump2016
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.
@MickyArison @realDonaldTrump @BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral thanks a really nice addition to the Doral neighborhood. Thank you.
It's Tuesday. @AGSchneiderman is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo alerted all to this.
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine
@DaniellefromNH: @realDonaldTrump @00RSTW00 with #joanrivers hosting some - absolutely! cannot wait!! thanks @realDonaldTrump
@koos32 Donald. He was a great iconic leader- hoping you can be one for US in couple years too! #Trump2016  Thank you.
@welshIV: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive Our work group played The Doral last February. It is a magnificent course!Thanks
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.    -- Thomas A. Edison
@renovacion: @realDonaldTrump I'd love to see you up against Putin. It'd be quite a match!  I would win!
Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp; to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.
@louis_the_iv: Idk if anyone watched Mike and Mike this morning but @realDonaldTrump spoke the absolute truth
The @nfl ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft!
@Chris_R_2014: I will step over them to buy a @realDonaldTrump tie.
@gfstew: Fantastic to meet @realDonaldTrump yesterday and be lucky enough to play his truly awesome course in Aberdeen. #itmustbenumberone
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.  --  John Wooden
@johnjeren: @realDonaldTrump @natebailey11 Seth Myers is unwatchable. I don't know how he got his own late night talk show.
@thesa: @Espngreeny @MikeAndMike @espngolic Listen to what @realDonaldTrump said He just summed up what all the fans feel about the league
@CarsonMotz: @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION.  Thank you!
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS
@DumbRandy: God bless you @realDonaldTrump #bestinTheBusiness
@BanmalaH: @ProducerGedalia @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump what a timeless classic these two are! Class &amp; Beauty!  Thank you!
@ronmeier123: @Macys Your APPAREL is UNPARALLELED! In Order to OUTSMART the Rest, You Always Need to Be Looking Your Best! TRUMP 2016!
For entrepreneurs, ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized, or get crushed.
.@BreitbartNews:DONALD TRUMP: CANTOR'S DEFEAT SHOWS 'EVERYBODY' IN CONGRESS VULNERABLE IF THEY SUPPORT AMNESTY 
@inboxleekersey: @realDonaldTrump I'm 46 years old and I have never voted. If you ran for President, I would vote for you. THANK YOU!
u201cYesterday's home runs don't win today's games.u201d u2013 Babe Ruth
.@TrumpDoral. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!
@MTRisner @foxandfriends Looking forward to it.You need a permanent position there.  They would like that big league - but I have no time!
@BooG690: @realDonaldTrump come home to NYC and put your name on all the buildings you want. #ChicagoSucksAnyway 
The @CadillacChamp returns to @TrumpDoral on March 6th 
@jnicoletti15  even my little one is loving our stay at Trump National Doral Miami. Fabulous Resort! 
My @greta interview discussing why we do not need another Bush 
A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES!
@BillyDHayes Nothing but respect for someone who can speak their mind without fear of censorship! Thank you for being that guy! Thank you.
@orestistzo @realDonaldTrump I never thought you would do it! Great video and for a great cause. Well done sir! #ALSIceBucketChallenge Thx
N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts -  should have been trial. Politics!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.-- Andrew Carnegie
@Chick. I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is. DonaldTrump
@MartinJajou Thanks for being a great role model, it actually motivates me for greatness Terrific!
Looking forward to being hosted by @NickLangworthyu2019s Erie County Lincoln Leadership Reception tonight. Record crowd! Can't wait.
Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!
Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time. - Think Like a Champion
@itguy7305: @realdonaldtrump I can't believe I agree with everything you said on @MikeAndMike #worldisover
We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time  dropping it from U.S.!
Broken borders, $18T debt, ObamaCare failing &amp; over budget. Donu2019t worry our president is still fundraising 
When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in @BriarcliffManor?  It is a disgrace!
@TruthGunner: u201c@realDonaldTrump: @dejr5: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump &amp; Ben Carson 2016 Wow!u201d I LIKE IT !!! Run Donald, RUN !
@ChristopheWheat Great job on the Turnberry Resort Donald!  @TrumpTurnberry in Scotland which I saw this week while in Scotland.  Thanks.
@IR7DJ2:  @realDonaldTrump @buffalobillsHe knows how to run organizations.Has a proven track record. Most importantly-He's respected
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY
Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
@KevinHite: @realDonaldTrump Im sure u will never read but totally agree w u re: Seth Meyer. Terrible &amp; feel embarrassed for him. Awkward!
@beltex63: @realDonaldTrump America needs Donald Trump, let's put our country back on top in 2016!!
@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump  Great minds never stop. Such qualities make great leaders and fantastic decision makers. #trump2016
@bojo123be: @realDonaldTrump all your towers are breathtaking.Proud of your charisma and versatility. Thanks.
@rm61307: Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump @GovChristie If Mr.Trump will not run in '16, Christie is the answer. No B/S, no bowing!
Via @MailOnline @dmartosko Donald Trump says it's morally unfair of Obama to send soldiers into Ebola hot zone 
@helfystyle: @realDonaldTrump you've got my vote for anything. I'm ready to go to work!  Thank you.
Great deal, we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military deserter. Thatu2019s how the U.S. negotiates nowadays.
@rexhispaniae: It's been way too long! Looking forward to starting the new year with you back on TV! Love @ApprenticeNBC. I can't wait!
@RealTracyMyers BIG congrats to @realDonaldTrump on your DC hotel ground breaking.  Thank you.
@nwankwofranklin: @realDonaldTrump I am a proud member of your over 2 million twitter followers. I get inspired all the time by your story.
Sorry, won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!
@ThePrimeHost: @realDonaldTrump LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others. Thanks.
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
@ThisIsJoshSmith: I'll say it -- you are likely the *only* Republican who could realistically beat Hillary in 2016. Please consider running
@MasterBaxter8: Rosie &amp; Obama have something in common, both disasters and both made a huge mistake messing with Trump. #trump2016
@Jackshallis: Donald trump for president @realDonaldTrump
@magnumCJ: @realDonaldTrump told the truth all day about Pinehurst 2. It is just not a good looking US Open course.  So true!
@GOBNaseem:  Do you think your book from 2004, How to get rich can still be a gateway to financial success in today's day of age?  YES!
Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon,  Scotland time. The place is amazing!
@calihose3: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016! #trump2016 Please! Bring class, leadership and competence back to #America. You have my vote!
@StFFP We just received a #DoodleForHunger by @realDonaldTrump for our 2014 Celebrity #Art Auction:   
@kymwharton: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for The Apprentice to be back #favshow
@MattGinellaGC  I have watched Open Championships at Turnberry, one of the great golf courses of the World. Pinehurst not in the same league
I don't know what it is, but I'm getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to work
Remember, if you donu2019t sell yourself, no one else will. Make sure the public, friends &amp; the business community hears about your success.
#1 for success: Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
Very exciting week for @TrumpDoral. I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!
@Sailing_J: @realDonaldTrump you just made me laugh. The Sony women is stupid for calling Al Charlatan
@SeeCLyde1  Mr. Trump I believe Sir we can take this country back and make it greater than it's ever been before! God bless you! Thanks.
Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!
@tbrandy100:How about Bush? He lied about Iraq and WMD's. Cost us 4000 lives!!!  I agree, I think he was also a terrible President!
Via @UnionLeader BY Bill Smith: u201cGOP rally in Manchester fires up party faithfulu201d 
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.n -- Mario Andretti
We had a GREAT year @Macys with ties, shirts and suits, thanks!  New selections just arrived - they are amazing!
@CindyCuller2 @realDonaldTrump Love this picture and she was a great beauty!  Thanks for the private family picture. Thanks.
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod, I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!
@LoveandFate: @realDonaldTrump Your name on your building in Chicago looks awesome!
.@BlairKamin Blair, you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago &amp; sign PR
@Ametrano3457: Just did my final presentation wearing @realDonaldTrump tie. Definitely increased my grade. #DressLikeABillionaire
.@yuSiddiqui @piersmorgan @rustyrockets  I got much betteru2014no contestu2014I got Melania!
@babalandyy: @realDonaldTrump you should be the president Thanks!
u201cAmerica is the experiment that works.u201d u2013 President Ronald Reagan
@AndyWHumphreys                     nTrump National Hudson Valley is a gorgeous course. Amazing improvements.@RobAstorino @KieranLalor Thx
.@CoachDanMullen  Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style!
Will be doing interview on @GolfChannel at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship &amp; Senior PGA etc.
Entrepreneurs: View any conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation.
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. - Think Like a Billionaire
@DbigRock34: @realDonaldTrump Like I said, Trump for President. USA needs a positive change.
@MostonTyler: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump 100% right about the excessive flags and tackling
@joepilot56: @realDonaldTrump @spidersteve1977 @ronmeier123 @FoxNews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity Only better! Thanks.
@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump The Art of The Deal is on my Christmas list. Let's hope I get it.
@AboutTheRock: @realDonaldTrump I just started reading Trump 101 it's a great book Mr.Trump. Terrific!
@GiorgiMassimo:3 words to keep in mind every day for getting rich! You're the best business man, your tips are precious! Thanks in advance
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing, ugly wind turbines. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
@irondan_93: No matter what the occasion, you always feel confident in a @realDonaldTrump button down #almostgraduating Great, good luck.
@Real_Mr_Sciales: @realDonaldTrump pretty much saved a U.S. Marine from a Mexican prison on his own... Where was Obama on this one? Thanks
@RomeroRobbins:  @Blarescape3 @foxandfriends Mr Trump you could return America's business respectability &amp; viability with the world! EASY!
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.n -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard, but he has zero negotiating ability!
@FaizerMiami: @realDonaldTrump best advice from the best leader
u201cThe true competitors are the ones who always play to win.u201d u2013 Tom Brady @Patriots
@NectarUSAFSM: @kyleraccio I want Donald Trump to be president. He knows business and people. He needs to be in the oval office, now.
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics &amp; play!
@MichaelKakos: @realDonaldTrump when and if you run, you will be my first president that I vote for in my life!  #trump2016
via American Spectator  @AmSpec Trump Card by Jeffrey Lord  
u201cDonald Trump pledges to make Prestwick Airport 'really successful'u201dn  
@TimPDion: You may love @realDonaldTrump, you may hate him, but you have to appreciate how he handles an annoying sand gnat like Matt Lauer
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also, great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!
@MomMom: Just saw the video of the bus driver saving the woman from jumping off overpass. You gave him a reward....good job Donald! Thanks
@JeniferStevens: Someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this.... I nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat
@BobMenziesGolf: @realDonaldTrump @TylerClodfelter It should be locker #1, in my opinion! #Trump2016
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
@BGambalie: @realDonaldTrump if you run for pres, you will automatically win, no doubt. #trump2016 Thanks, but nothing is easy.
@IMill5: Why can't @realDonaldTrump run our country? The man knows his stuff!!
@FoloAlona: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is ruthless. His presidency will make people sweat, but there will be real progress.
@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump you always know what to say. You're an inspiration for millions if not billions. Thank you.
@kerrygold1914: @FoxNews @seanhannity great interview, yeah Trump said Iraq would be a disaster yrs back if not controlled..he was right
@moss92g  Mr. Trump, your children convinced me you R a class act, standing with the folks in Albany was icing on the cake. Thank You! Thx
With $250M of renovations, Trump Int'l DCu2019s 250 expansive guest rooms will be DC's top offering of amenities &amp; views 
@ThatTangoRhythm: @realDonaldTrump have you ever considered running for office with warren buffett? talk about a power ticket for 2016
@AgnesphAgnes: @realDonaldTrump One thing about Mr.Donald Trump!He's on target.Lets see wht transpires btwn Al Sharpton &amp; Amy Pascal.
I don't hate Obama at all, I just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. n -- Abraham Lincoln
#TrumpVlog Quarantine the nurse! 
@mrjonathandavis: @realDonaldTrump hi Donald! You're awesome, smart, classy! My mom met u in Tahoe and is now in love.
@stu_manley played trump international today, unbelievable course, decent mode of transport to 
@dintres: @realDonaldTrump we need a real businessman to run this country someone to make money we are not a charity nation!  SO TRUE!
@PrezBridgette: @realDonaldTrump Thank You For Inspiring This World. No, thank you!
@OBrienMurray                       nLet's hope the press covers the loss for @AGSchneiderman as they did the false charges! Thanks.
@itsRyanHilton: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to announce that he's running for President
@OneAndOnlyAkash: @realDonaldTrump You Are A Financial Genius   I agree, thanks!
@MitchConnor4: @realDonaldTrump after watching the roast of you I can confirm you are ready to be president! It was fun, thanks.
Taking risks &amp; making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. Most of the time you will surprise yourself -Trump Never Give Up
@nyrr: #Queens10k #funfact: Former Queens residents include @realDonaldTrump Martin Scorsese @JuddApatow and Nancy Reagan!  Great place!
Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast!
@Ructions77                    n@realDonaldTrump Hey Donald will ur new Irish Golf Course be close to Shannon Airport ?  Yes.
@USNewsTravel: A spacious hotel room is a rarity in NYC. Just one of the perks of staying @TrumpNewYork: 
Do you believe this singing? #Oscars
Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working. @PerdueSenate will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #GASen
The @Broncos had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home, forget about it, and come back tough next year.
People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macy's. Check them out!
u201cTrump to campaign for @SteveKingIAu201d 
Lightweight @AGSchneidermanu2019s phony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the courtu2014heu2019s a loser!
@tripletluv11: @realDonaldTrump @pwnza I think you would make a great kick butt President!!
@DorianHoward: @sunbeltgirl @jstines3 @Po_st Trump is an American Capitalist who actually CARES about Americans! Thank you, Mr. Trump!
Winners never quit and quitters never win.n-- Vince Lombardi
@000HermanSJr000 @Hotelied  @TrumpChicago Never ceases to amaze. Trump is the int'l brand that never settles for less than the best Thanks
I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great!
The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!
Opening in 2016, Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro will be a 13-story, 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view 
@senators8: @realDonaldTrump When's celebrity apprentice starting?  Just finished shooting - in the Fall.
@RickShielsPGA: The unbelievable Trump International was a huge pleasure to play today!  Such an experience! 
Remember, oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make!
@dp1489: Ha I didnt have to watch the #2014Oscars thanks for keeping me updated @realDonaldTrump
@not_that_actor   Wow Andy, such amazing writing and thought. Thank you!
@niralsoni: @realDonaldTrump Trump tower Mumbai Golden opportunity @Frannyfine31 @panda9103 @ParentSeitz 
@yurdreamwoman @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends love strong powerful man who has a voice as important as the pompous ass in the white house
@SAVEHICNO1: MR. TRUMP, I THINK YOU OUGHT TO DO AN APPRENTICE SHOW FOR PEOPLE TO COME UP FOR A WINNING STRADEGY FOR YOU TO RUN IN 2016
With an elite course designed by @SharkGregNorman, @Trump_Charlotte is North Carolinau2019s most desirable club 
@RealPro4Real @TheMilliardaire @Trump_Ireland  Wow, the golf course in Ireland is designed with great taste &amp; attention to detail! :-) Thx
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and  Pakistan already has them!!
@JACKYRITTLINGER @realDonaldTrump @JustinRose99 was out with people from Scotland last night..raved about course  Justin is a total winner
@suelordbiz: Great job on Fox &amp; Friends this a.m.; have a great week! Thanks for shedding more light on the diseases fr. porous border!
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.  -- Aristotle
One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again.n -- Henry Ford
u201cInvincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.u201d - Sun Tzu
@datriggakeithh: u201c@realDonaldTrump: @datriggakeithh: Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?u201d @MacMiller
The Trump Signature Collection  available @Macys offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. Dress your best! 
The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
@DianeLMarshall_: @realDonaldTrump When do you plan to announce your eventual run for the presidency?  We shall see!
@David_Perilla3: @realDonaldTrump thanks for telling it how it is
@UsuallyBogey  I think Washington or Lincoln would endorse @realDonaldTrump if they were still around Thank you.
If Scotland doesnu2019t stop insane policy of obsolete, bird killing wind turbines, country will be destroyed. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
@LoganB58 So cool to see @realDonaldTrump respond to so many people who tweet at him. A true role model in the business world.  Thanks.
I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success!
@Skelify: @Espngreeny Completely agree with what @realDonaldTrump just said about the penalties and the hits. [1/2]
.@pgaofamerica A really great tournament, congrats to Monty, Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!
@mustbeAT_15: I'll be just like you one day @realDonaldTrump You can do better than that!
u201cSome people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.u201d   Anonymous
u201cCreate your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.u201d - Orson Welles
@WondHerful: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr The only reality show worth my time is #CelebrityApprentice. Thanks
.@Jetsetterdotcom in Hong Kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of New York City, including @TrumpSoHo 
u201cIce Skaters Invade Mar-a-Lago as Snow Falls on Palm Beach Salvation Army Ball!u201d 
@libertyladyusa: I agree with Donald Trump, Mitt should not run again. #Hannity
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.n -- Albert Einstein
@jeffredman5: @realDonaldTrump you are the MAN!!!
Via @AmSpec BY Jeffrey Lord: u201cDonald Trump was right on Ebolau201dn  
@JobSnarechs: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump So true!
@IGotAngelEyes: @realDonaldTrump @JoyceGoodman64 Mr. Trump Is A Fine Man &amp; So Intelligent &amp; Dnt Bk Down. I Wid B The 1st N Line 2 Vote.
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world. -- Think Like a Champion
#TBT My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica, NY. 
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.n -- Abraham Lincoln
.@TrumpGolfLA is @theknotu2019s pick for the Best of Weddings  with our Vista Terrace looking over the Pacific Ocean  
@mckprk: @realDonaldTrump is my inspiration to be great Work hard and smart!
US Army Reserve @leezeldin will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday, vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress
I left Atlantic City years ago, good timing. Now I may buy back in, at much lower price,  to save Plaza &amp; Taj. They were run badly by funds!
@NickLangworthy: #BlueForBen @realDonaldTrump @ERIECOUNTYGOP 
@garyplayer  Congratulations on your acquisition of Turnberry Resort. Spectacular place. Fond memories. My best. GP   Thanks Gary!
Congrats @SixteenChicago's @ChefLents on your Chef of the Year nom in @EaterChicago Annual Eater Awards- Vote now! 
@NathanGC: @realDonaldTrump Saw the trailer for Apprentice... Bring it on!
@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! #trumpsupporter
@Echo5Chrly: @MikeAndMike for once @realDonaldTrump makes sense. The @nfl has become less entertaining due to all the flags.
In the center of Irelandu2019s rugged west coast, @Trump_Ireland offers a beautiful golf course, top dining and a Spa 
Before I bought the site, the Sun Times had the biggest, ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular.
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible, Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again.
@HeidiAlbertsen: #holidays #friends #palmbeach #maralago  @mrsvanessatrump @laraleatrump @erictrump @donaldjtrumpjr 
Celebrated doctor @BillCassidy will be a tremendous Senator. Louisiana u2013 send a Conservative to the Senate, vote for Bill this November!
@TWERKMlLEY: @realDonaldTrump @robsine Did you know your picture is on here?! You were so cute omg! ud83dudc95 
Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid, Curtis Barry and my many friends in the Granite State!
@BrownsMakeMeUgh: It's very important that he fills out his March Madness bracket on SportsCenter while Putin takes over eastern Europe
@RobertUndefined: @realDonaldTrump is the real deal, he is the man! Thanks!
@mattseba: @realDonaldTrump wonderful ideals on @foxandfriends . We need a phenomenal president like you!
@mckaycoppins is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed
@BlakeWebb6: Safe to say that @realDonaldTrump is the biggest stud on the planet #GOP #TrumpForPresident
The entire country is  FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.
@rcarlc: @realDonaldTrump amen. Youu2019re an American #Hero Thank you so much!
@PeterDay20: @realDonaldTrump love how you speak your mind  Well, somebody has to!
@ctsa: @realDonaldTrump when I was a kid, there were 8. Now they give upwards of 31-40. It's an assault on the immune system.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art. A. Warhol
The @Washingtonpost reported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved, left years ago
@MichaelRCaputo: Catch @realDonaldTrump on Fred Dicker's @TALK1300 radio show Tuesday at 10AM re: the governor's race. LISTEN LIVE:
@gregglink @realDonaldTrump Amazing building and love the new sign! 
@nicofazioprod: @realDonaldTrump continue to inspire young entrepreneurs such as myself!
Rising over Bay Street, @TrumpTO brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the Queen City 
@HoustonGunn: So excited for tomorrow to head to #NewYork to tour #Trump Tower! I am so looking forward to meeting @realDonaldTrump
@JasonBoyer_29: If Washington had @realDonaldTrump type of leaders, this country would be back on top  Thank you and true!
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not, he doesn't have it
@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, sounds good to me!
Watch me on @SeanHannity's show at 10PM tonight on @FoxNews
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason.
@randallburton20: @realdonaldtrump Merry Christmas you to mr trump hope we can find those leaders
Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didnu2019t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed. @Raffasolaries
@ikiibrahim: @realDonaldTrump - the Donald has done great all over!!!!!  Thank you!
@EnhancedEddie: @realDonaldTrump trump you will make the greatest president since Lincoln Wow, nice!
Via @TIMEPolitics by @zekejmiller: u201cTrump To Visit New Hampshireu201d 
Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said, There's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan 're ObamaCare.
@Spongebob501R: @HomerJSimpson Good job, Homer! @realDonaldTrump Good luck!  Thanks, I'll need it!
@greta:DonaldTrump sent me check for $25k payable to #Tahmooressi-I forwarded check; THANK U DONALD TRUMP! very kind 
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
@mc People need to start looking up to the real Role models Such as Donald Trump and Warren Buffett........@realDonaldTrump @WarrenBuffett
@PIERPAOLOMONNI Just Amazing! Well done! Great you accepted that challenge @realDonaldTrump! Personally I had no doubts about that! Thanks
I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars
@arbyoliver: @realdonaldtrump Great Chicago sign. Do not bend to pressure. Right on! I won't, thanks.
@MissCassie1230: @realDonaldTrump for President! Smarter than any man in the USA!  I agree, thanks!
@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump great job on @foxandfriends we need you or we will be stuck with another #clinton
@cjlrx: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday to an American icon!  Thank you.
u201cBe flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.u201d u2013 Think Big
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
@Aaron_Yay: Trump is my new idol. His pastor was Norman Vincent Peale?! #NewThoughtPioneer - Can't wait to read the Art of the Deal.
@joydacus84: @realDonaldTrump not long, Obama plays with our emotion's knowing we all love to see this soldier come home. Stupid man!
Via @BloombergNews by Peter Millard: Trump Helps Rio Builders After Olympics: Corporate Brazil 
@MichaelSad6: @realDonaldTrump its time to put a Wharton Grad in the White House! #Trump2016 That is true!
Autism Speaks' Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22
They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were, except taller and stronger. A better statement!
u201cYou can always become better.u201d - @TigerWoods
Internal polling shows that I would swamp @RobAstorino  in a NY Republican primary 77% to 23%. But wonu2019t run if party is not unified.
@jakematt1999: In all honesty if @realDonaldTrump would enter into politics I'd be his number 1 supporter, even though I'm in liberal #NC
The Amateur. On his trip to Afghanistan, our commander-in-chief disclosed the CIA Chiefu2019s name. Unsafe disaster! 
I would like to wish all fathers, even the haters and losers, a very happy Fathers Day.
New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!
@MOUDALENA: @realDonaldTrump @nypost @fud31 GODBLESS YOU MISTER @realDonaldTrump
#TrumpAdvice 
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily  change the law before an election?
@suzyz40: @realDonaldTrump @YourInfoBabe @slaw116 - so talentless, what was he doing there?
@bethlhoskins: @realDonaldTrump @MiznerGeek @Macys &amp; you have INCREDIBLE kids!!! By far your best work @realDonaldTrump Very nice, thanks.
@lovely_laura21: Seriously, @realDonaldTrump for president ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8u270a
@lovemactrublue: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Love u on @foxandfriends. You always make me smile.
@lovelyfighter8: Loved my engagement lunch at @TrumpGolfLA @realDonaldTrump 
u201cAs you go through life, you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.u201d u2013 Neil Young
Remember our six brave heroes who died searching for Bergdahl after he deserted 
Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare &amp; is anti-Second Amendment.
.@JudgeJeanine  Tonight at  9 P.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
@BethAndersonEsq:My 1st time staying at a Trump resort was awesome! Thanks for such impeccable service! #TrumpMiami 
@reza_rezvani: @realDonaldTrump You need to run for President. This country needs you. #Trump2016 zip. I know!  #Oscars
@JackWitty: @Wharton @IvankaTrump Ur a smart lady.Hope @realDonaldTrump bcomes POTUS.Know he's busy,but.....!
Obama once said he u201cwould be ignoring the lawu201d by granting amnesty through executive action. Now heu2019s about to do it. What will Congress do?
@FOMOVancouver: The new #CelebrityApprentice starts January 4th ... Please don't make us wait that long again. 
@devhop: @realDonaldTrump they renamed it Climate Change so it could be devastating either way the temperature goes.
u201cThe only source of knowledge is experience.u201d u2013 Albert Einstein
@peterienhio @realDonaldTrump nice clock outside the Aberdeenshire golf course! #verysmart Thank you.
@ChristianL2499: @realDonaldTrump You're the man Mr. Trump! #DonaldTrump2016 Thanks.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.n -- Mark Twain
@NICKJOHNS0N: @realDonaldTrump is my idol
Tweet me your New Year's resolution to make America great again! #TrumpNewYearsRes 
@AllAmerVet: Mr. T, pls buy the #NYTimes and turn it around for the truth! These lib papers r cowards in challenging this admin.
u201cWhen youu2019re at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer u2013 of yourself and of others.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@CMHollon:                @MCuban being rejected by #MLB (Bud Selig) is a good thing 
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys offers high end fashion for men. Dress your best. 
@JTphi212: Just heard you on #FoxandFriends. We can count on you to tell it like it is. From a veteran, thank you for your honesty!!
@CanizalVania: Donald Trump will never ever get old. Ever.  Wow, what a nice thing to say!
@AStock1058  looking to open my own businesses. Any advice you can give on that subject? Find something you love doing--&amp; never give up!
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
@vix3361: @realDonaldTrump you speak the truth True!
u201cAlways bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.u201d u2013 Abraham Lincoln
Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation &amp; then remove sanctions?
@VerumVulnero1: I dig the Trump Chicago sign. Say whatever you want about @realDonaldTrump...he builds beautiful buildings..So true!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
@StevenQRMTL: Great vibe @rebar @TrumpChicago 
Great day yesterday at  @TrumpDoral unveiling the new Gary Player Villa 
u201cThe entrepreneuru2019s ability to dream, to win, lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit.u201d u2013 Midas Touch
Without passion, you donu2019t have energy, and without energy, you have nothing! Just one more of my totally brilliant quotes - use it well.
Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.
@damiranz: DonaldTrump: Pls don't run for president. If you do and win, the rest of the world would be screwed So true, (except friends)!
@YMatthews956:  When are you going to give us the big news about your new real estate deal? Looking forward to hearing about it! Soon!
@Debralynnxx:  @STN_Entertain @GeraldoRivera @kevinjonas Well, that is quite the line-up ! Predict very good ratings for you Mr. Trump !
Awarded 5 Stars by @VisitScotland, @TrumpScotlandu2019s MacLeod House &amp; Lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece 
u201cOnce you know you love your job, never stop and never give up.u201d u2013 Think Like a Billionaire
@daveforsyth67 @JustinRose99 @TrumpScotland Best layout I've ever played! Thanks David, so nice.
Via @haaretzcom: u201cDonald Trump calls Obama Israel's greatest enemyu201d 
@L3nny85: Incredible interview @megynkelly I hope @SenJohnMcCain was watching. cc: @realDonaldTrump @wolfblitzer #TortureReport #TRUTH
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender. - @ProFootballHOF @buffalobills Head Coach Marv Levy
John @CahillForAG is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey @AGSchneiderman is one of the least respected!
Looking forward to promoting a pro-growth &amp; positive message at this Saturdayu2019s @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester.
@DavidANicholas: Dinner at the Trump. Thanks @realDonaldTrump for the great view! 
@_MelissaAmy: I don't know, @realDonaldTrump was making a lot of sense this AM @sternshow great interview @HowardStern
@timessquarehero: @realDonaldTrump Great job today on @foxandfriends
@PIERPAOLOMONNI: I definitely agree with @T_Sharp4! @realDonaldTrump really hope you will run for President! Thank you!
@optigan4: @overcaves @realDonaldTrump no one could run our country better &lt;3
@RabbitR Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. - Donald Trump
@hshippey: Wow had a blast today!!! What a guy:)  Thanks for the great photos - look forward to seeing the magazine!
@Writing4Life197: @realDonaldTrump Please run in 2016 Mr Trump we need a new commander in chief  That's for sure!
It's time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obamau2019s war on coal. This November send DC a message, vote for @CapitoforWV!
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.n -- Steve Jobs
RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity &amp; return all taxpayer money.
Looking forward to being hosted &amp; interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the @TheEconomicClub n  
I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad!
On Mike and Mike, @espn in two minutes!
Just toured Baton Rouge, Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE, fantastic place, doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night, NBC
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning - Monday - at  8:00. Much to talk about!
@meade1214 @realDonaldTrump trump for office!! He's a good man! I am?
@nate_north43: @realDonaldTrump is the man So true!
@ben_techpro: Can't wait to see @realDonaldTrump on #CashinIn tomorrow morning. @ericbolling @JonathanHoenig @FoxNews
@mfinale1: #Bringbackourmarine let's do this America. BOYCOTT MEXICO @realDonaldTrump 
@Gina660: @realDonaldTrump R the rumors true Mr. Trump? R U running 4 Pres. We need a smart person in the White House.
The ultimate vacation destination, @TrumpPanamau2019s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind 
@RustyWallace:  @GregWallace66 @Trump_Charlotte @NASCAR_FDN Thanks-I'm really looking forward to it. You have a beautiful course!
@_MikeSSmith: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump in 2016. Thanks.
@taylorcathy834: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump @FrankCaliendo love Frank he's so gooooood! what a great start on friday. Thanks!
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send @SenScottBrown to the Senate!
@EWErickson @TrumpNewYork Iu2019ve made a mistake putting my 9yo up at the Trump Hotel Central Park.  She doesnu2019t want to go home now.
Via @MailOnline: u201cBut did his hair survive? @MissUniverse &amp; @MissUSA dump water over Donald Trumpu201dn 
@USNewsTravel: .@TrumpChicago's location &amp; modern rooms make visitors feel like they're livin' the good life: 
@JeremyHL: #Chicago River North support for @realDonaldTrump Tower sign. 
Exclusively @Macys, The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection features the best ties &amp; shirts at the best prices.  
This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@TarrKoziara: @realDonaldTrump @ArsenioHall The Apprentice has started and revived a lot of people's careers.  Very true!
@vmisciagna: @realDonaldTrump I've played the new Doral which is awesome-one day I hope to play another Trump course
@JohnTisdall: @realDonaldTrump You owe it to this country Go for it You can fix it  I definitely can!
via WSJ. Wake up @AlexSalmond before you destroy Scotland. @David_Cameron, @AberdeenCC, @pressjournal 
@nicrob650: @realDonaldTrump playing in September the day after playing Trump Aberdeen! Can't wait... Bucket list courses! Have fun.
@_jaynyc: if it's one person i admire, it'll be @realDonaldTrump for all the success he's had in his lifetime.  Thank you!
@mgmacdon: @realDonaldTrump if they had to say yes, who would your first pick to be on the celebrity apprentice? The Pope!
@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump is so Right about everything for SURE! Not olny is he smart he has BUSINESS EXPERENCE that makes good #Prez
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
@RamonAtila: I enjoyed your book 'Think like a Billionaire' for the second time. You give very practical advice and it really helps
@1JeffHensley                     n I'm a Yankee fan &amp; I agree whole heartedly. He aint worth it never was . TRUMP 2016!  Great, thx.
@Willy_Kingston: This country's economy would be back on track if @realDonaldTrump became the next President.  So true, thanks!
@wee_eats: best part of #theoscars so far is reading @realDonaldTrump's twitter account I agree!
@KenJLThomson: @realDonaldTrump @mikerugg1 for the love of the Rev Norman Vincent Peale. Do it!
u201cWinners embrace hard work.u201d - @ESPNDrLou
@000HermanSJr000: @GolfDigest Richly deserved #Trump.Looking forward to grander news in 2015.You are the epitome of inspiration.
@Mr_Hawk440: @realDonaldTrump your daughter would be great on The View. Why not someone interesting for once ? Now that would really work!
@JustinRose99: Nine holes @ Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland, the course is amazing. #Trumpu2026 
@wRiTeItNoW_: Do you want to be INSPIRED? Watch @Joan_Rivers on the Apprentice Season Eight!!!! AMAZING woman! Thanks for choosing her!
@DonDraper_NY: .@Gotham @ConradHiltonNY @RachelMenkenNY @WaldorfNYC I read @realDonaldTrump, He's smartest man around, a @BonaFideMadMenu2714
@REALtesswilson: @realDonaldTrump is the smartest businessman in America  Thank you.
@larkin_dotty: @realDonaldTrump I admire u so much. U would make a great prez...please run!
u201cHappiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.u201d - @DalaiLama
@21stCenturyAsh @realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY And last time I was there it was immaculately clean too Very important.
If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia, they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record, no problem
When youu2019re in a fight with a bully, always throw the first punchu2014and donu2019t telegraph itu2014hit hard &amp; hit fast!
@PG1701: @realDonaldTrump Home or abroad, this President hasn't put one dent into any of our problems. In many cases, made things worse.
@richrobins0n i love Trump because he actually says whatu2019s on his mind, not what the people want to hear. thatu2019s why heu2019s a leader  Thanks
@B_Dussault: @realDonaldTrump should be on @MikeAndMike everyday. Such an interesting guy. Thanks.
@heidimac60 @realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY simply amazing!  Thank you.
Via @gulf_news by @JoeHeim: u201c@IvankaTrump: Giving back is a priority for meu201d 
@adamjannke: @realDonaldTrump went to Doonbeg last year, loved it!
Always fun to read the @NewYorkObserver investigative piece re @AGSchneiderman, his mascara and more! 
@sierkmmm: @realDonaldTrump @ben_techpro @ericbolling @JonathanHoenig @FoxNews I would vote for him Watch Eric Bolling this morning on Fox
Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
Remember this, the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away!
@CahlRStorrie When I go to New York my first second and third stop is @TrumpTowerNY and hopefully get to see @realDonaldTrump  Great!
@PeriodPride: The most successful people are the people that had the right idea but never ever quit or gave up! ~ @realDonaldTrump
@Waldrop15w: @Kenny_Wallace @realDonaldTrump Iran controlling Iraq and all of its oil will be everyone's problem Our leaders are stupid!
@Boycottmaypac: @realDonaldTrump He got the president to show his Birth Certificate! He has clout my friend! He can really stir things up!
@LodgeatDoonbeg  One of the great places on the planet,  and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it!
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums &amp; raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
@dalstar009 @realDonaldTrump needs to call into the @sternshow more often!!! Thanks.
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day!
@austinwalsh: @realDonaldTrump new sign looks awesome!!! Congrats!
46 stories above downtown New York, @TrumpSoHo features loft-inspired interiors designed by Fendi Casa 
@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump has BRAINS! Trump has ORGANIZATION! Trump has OUR intrests at heart! And he has REAL Republican Values!
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.  -- Aldous Huxley
Entrepreneurs:  Another question to ask yourselfu2014u201cWhat am I pretending not to see?u201d There may be great opportunities right around you.
@britanniagolf: @realDonaldTrump Headed to Trump International Scotland today with 16 excited clients.. Great, #1 rated course, have fun.
@AKD72: @realDonaldTrump I bet you will make hell of a president,  the world needs presidents like you
u201cIf you want to be the best, youu2019d better be the best u2013 in all aspects of business.u201d - Think Like a Billionaire
@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends Won't miss it! Don't hold back, say it like it is! Have a Great Day MR. Trump!
@kerrkerr73 @realDonaldTrump then run for president! !! Sick of the crap going on in the white house.  Thanks.
@EfprestoPreston: @realDonaldTrump Run, Donald, run!
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem.
The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime.
@TarHeelFullback: @realDonaldTrump you would make an amazing president!  Thanks.
Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said, I've never seen a great course that was easy!
@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump Great interview, DT! Can't wait for next week! Run for President! #Trump2016
70 stories over Panama Bay, @TrumpPanamau2019s deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views 
@Double_A2011: Yoo @Beyonce and Jayz On The RunTour tickets are way to high they think everywhere got Donald trump money ud83dude45ud83dude45ud83dude45ud83dude45 Not good
Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge, Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday, June 8th. @Miss USA.
Itu2019s Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nationu2019s worst AG @AGSchneiderman wearing today?
@ToprakTlay: @realDonaldTrump Now that Republicans are dominating The House, all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President.
@RiannaRichards: This is why I agree with Donald Trump: They should ban flights from #Ebola infected countries from entering the U.S.
@bjones112892: @realDonaldTrump is who my vote will go to#trumpforpresident
So excited to have @SantanaCarlos performing at the 2015 #CadillacChampionship at @TrumpDoral: 
@TrumpDoral's #BlueMonster looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening, now looking forward to the @CadillacChamp
With our $250M in renovations, @TrumpDoral offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection 
@katilynn_paygee: Donald Trump will forever be the best mac miller song..
@kvb423: @TODAYshow what a shame @RahmEmanuel is wasting money on @realDonaldTrump when we have CPS students in bldgs w/o AC
@mattj4226                      n My day was made when I read that you will be speaking at my first #CPAC!  I hope you like it!
Congratulations to @BretBaier on his five year anniversary as the anchor @SpecialReport. Brett is great!
@arqpallares: Finally,Punta del Este will have its own Trump Tower! Missed @IvankaTrump this year and hope to see you in the opening!
.@JustinRose99 Great playing today in the Scottish Open. I see our practice facility is helpingu2014use it a lot!
@TheRevAl  @realDonaldTrump 
@DenZen: @realDonaldTrump   First rule of success; a great big ego! Still love you Mr Trump and CANNOT wait for Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC
@PartTimer32: @realDonaldTrump love the new sign in Chicago....adds some real intelligence to the city #keepfighting#PresidentTrump.
@cgrubb85: @realDonaldTrump got my vote! Only one with common sense! So true, thanks.
@Andigriffin: @realDonaldTrump Would you consider an appointment like Sec. Of defense? Or Treasury? #needtrumpsomehow
@seankesser: @bonn66 @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump Donald Trump and his son Eric Trump do massive amount of charity Thank you!
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @aphonapelma If Trump were nominee in 2012, GOP landslide . 2016 for the win!
@YOD_Bagholders: @realDonaldTrump Trump 4 President! Close the boarders and protect our children!
@BackOnTrackUSA: @realDonaldTrump And we shouldn't help Iraq this time unless we get 2 $trillion in free oil, guaranteed in writing.
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests, we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars
@Manruss: @realDonaldTrump @BackOnTrackUSA It was helping Iraq that caused this problem in the first place.
@ScottVanstory   Best President during your lifetime? @realDonaldTrump  Reagan.
There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming stuff - and they really do believe the American public is stupid.
.@WestwoodLee Great going this weekend. You are a true champion!
@Jurisprude1:DonaldTrump Obama comes to Australia and makes a speech against our PM at a time we're fighting together in Iraq. Run please!
@Great_Cudi: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas to my favorite billionaire! :)  Cute, same!
@IanJamesPoulter: The 18th hole at #Trump Int.Golf Links. This golf course is very impressive and a great testu2026 
The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!
@woofeous @realDonaldTrump GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a 'retail politician'.
@robertpatrickmc: @GovernorPataki didnt shine as governor in NYS why would he become president of the united states @realDonaldTrump True!
My joint @seanhannity int. on @FoxNews with @GeraldoRivera recapping @ApprenticeNBC &amp; discussing the 2016 election 
Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
@Keeblerqueen: @realDonaldTrump Good Lord ... Donald.. Your following went up so much lately ... Crazy love for you and what you stand for!
@JandNsmaman: @realDonaldTrump you should really run mr trump. Republicans will need a strong candidate to beat Hillary.#Trump2016
@persdevquotes: u00ab I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present -  Donald Trump
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
@MalachiNorris: @realDonaldTrump will win every state in 2016. 
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
@jmcafee23: @realDonaldTrump please run for president this country needs you!
@lizboyle98: I think @realDonaldTrump would be a perfect president of our country if he just made sure to pay attention to the middle class
Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Entrepreneurs:  Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effort.
@thehill: Trump: u201cIf I decide to run and win, I will make this country great again 
@wooten_smith:  @RickyV_ADW @kevinjonas I agree kevin seems to have what it takes and he seems very classy. Wasnt a fan b4 but am now.
@mbabramson @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly Is always nice to listen to you because you answer, and not dodge, the questions!
@MYKALFURY: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said he'd lose. Reagan WON.
@amandajoan40: This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident
@ScottFConroy: Kentucky Derby? More like Kentucky Losers! DonaldTrump is only horse in race that matters for America! Strong, fierce, noble
@iamapatsfan: What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Brady's performance yesterday?  He was fantastic, a total winner!
I will be interviewed by  @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much, much, much to talk about!
Behind the scenes video with u201cUncle Samu201d (eagleu2019s name) and me.n
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
@BillKristol has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
@TtsincWard: @realDonaldTrump Go Mr. Trump we're pulling for you..
@charlesfowler: We need a broader field and candidates who are not professional politicians, you would be a breath of fresh air #GOP
@russia890: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump Trump is the smartest of all. My comment is non partisan. I heard everybody n im on Trump side.
.@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
@realJoeMurray: Hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make America great again! Looking forward to it, @realDonaldTrump. #Trump2016
Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M &amp; lost all racesu2014a Bushy!
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well  think BIG!
.@megynkelly, the @FoxNews   poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
.@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
@slips60: @realDonaldTrump Looking in from across the pond, America needs you asap
@rox473: @realDonaldTrump Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS
Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense'  
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
@coolgirl6978: You were very poised and professional at the debate. You looked Presidential tonight. Hit a homerun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@fackinpeter  @realDonaldTrump im ready for u to make america great again
@theHickMan33 Let's get the Trump trending #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TheDonIsComing #TrumpCard #Vets4Trump
@CougarTrace: @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere @naughtoriousBIG Mr. Trump don't worry yourself with a 3rd rate wireless company
@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump You will bring out more voters to vote for you than we've seen in any election! Great.
@BackOnTrackUSA:  The best thing about you becoming President would be getting to see you tell all of Obama's lackeys  You're fired!
#TrumpAdvice 
@beingmesuzieeJ: @realDonaldTrump... You ROCKED IT AGAIN IN OHIO!!!! Come to Nebraska.. Please!! Trump 2016!! Thanks and I will!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
@FCBauman: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump not if..., now...
@monkiekaty: @realDonaldTrump @russiannavyblog @Joe3957 @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Yes! Yes! Yes! Trump for Presidentud83dudc4d
@bella270012: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint @jacknicklaus Beautiful Lady!
@tweetybird2009: @GulfWarVet123 That's why @realDonaldTrump's THE MAN. CANNOT BE BOUGHT BY #Establishment #Media #PUNDITS. #TheyRMad
@TheJusticeEngle: @realDonaldTrump I'm 18 years old from Florida, and just registered to vote. You got my vote in the primaries! THANKS.
Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
@codyave:  @drudgereport @BreitbartNews @Writeintrump You Can't Stump the Trump 
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room.
@burger__meister: #WhyImNotVotingForHillary because I'll be voting for @realDonaldTrump
It does matter! 
@YankeeRunnerLV:Can U trick Obama into appearing on @ApprenticeNBC by telling him Golf is involved so you can do Country a favor&amp; FIRE HIM!
@dpal1996: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC cannot wait!!!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
@Jennifer75AR @AmyMek  He's not for sale like the politicians are! That's why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! #Trump2016
@BentleyforTrump: @realDonaldTrump ALL OF AMERICA LOVES TRUMP!ud83dudc4dud83dudc4du263a #TrumpOrNobody2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you.
@MrMet41: @realDonaldTrump The Donald #Trumps all ! #Trump2016
I just saw the movie Unbroken -- very good except I thought the ending was weak, no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding.
@LandExpo: The Land Investment Expo is completely sold out with record attendance for our Eighth Annual on Friday. 
@208Rocky: @realDonaldTrump announce your presidency. Make America great again. Stay tuned!
@IovemyfamiIy: @KenyaMoore made @realDonaldTrump's Top 5 list of #CelebApprentice all time FAILS! ud83dude02
@LifeZette:Jeb &amp; Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from @realDonaldTrump about making America great again 
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
Thank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on @FoxNews, but @KarlRove is easy to beat!
@Ajcarpenter0 Hoping to see @realDonaldTrump in office for the next 8 years #Trump2016
@SamDoyle12  when discouragement comes in the business, what would be your suggestion? You have to expect problems. Keep moving forward.
@entreprenershp: As long as youu2019re going to be thinking anyway, think big. u2013 Donald Trump
@nicolas_toscano: Booked a corner suite at @TrumpLasVegas with @MikeTokes for Memorial Day weekend  Sure knows how to make a nice hotel!
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way!
I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there.
Re Megyn Kelly quote: you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
@greta: . @realDonaldTrump announces his tax plan tomorrow morning 
@CandyThomas3583: @realDonaldTrump I tend to vote for democratic candidates, but I feel excited about you in the presidential race. ud83dude0a
@WGinetta: WE ARE GONNA NEED @realDonaldTrump IN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBAMA SAID HE NEGOTIATED #MakeAmericaGreatAgain True.
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!
@J_Feeds03: Even if @realDonaldTrump doesn't run for the GOP, I'm writing him in on my ballet. #Trump2016
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
@mariclaire81: @justdoit377 @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio I do not yet who I will vote for but can assure you it will not be Rubio
@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Bless you Sir safe trip!!! Thanks.
u201cu2018THE DONALDu2019 GOT A MUSKETu201d 
Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
Via The Washington Times  Mr. Trump buzzes the presidential radar   
@2ndVoter: @SteveHuang68 agree. One of the things that is good abt @realDonaldTrump is he's forcing others out of status quo politicking.
@ToddRiddolls: @realDonaldTrump I believe if you run , you would win hands down! .... But, The expectations of you would be enormous.
@GappistanRadio: All it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing. @realDonaldTrump you have to run! #Trump2016
Entrepreneurs:  Ignorance is not bliss, it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch, listen and learn.
@strombolijeff: @realDonaldTrump u are the people's hero. TRUMP 2016 you've got my vote! Thanks.
u201c@Algemeiner Honors @Joan_Rivers, Donald Trump, @YuliEdelstein at Second Annual u2018Jewish 100u2032 Galau201d 
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!
My @USATOpinion piece: Trump: I don't need to be lectured 
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
@SweetFreedom29: Hey @realDonaldTrump --&gt; FLASHBACK: Jeb Bush Admitted u2018Leakyu2019 Immigration Led to 9/11 
@PamplinFilmCo: @realDonaldTrump When Trump is president do you think he'll televise cabinet meetings &amp; fire someone each week?
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!  
@garretdl: Please run for Pres Mr @realDonaldTrump
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
@MusgravesPark: @realDonaldTrump Genius idea having Geraldo on this season. Perfection.
@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @justariot66 we need some one like you. Are you putting your hat in the ring, i sure hope so
@iceblink62: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, the Establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency, and the American people! True!
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York, includes Central Park views &amp; our signature restaurant, Jean Georges. Perfection! 
.@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
@BellicWolf: @and_is_w Anyway, for me the most original costume was Donald Trump like President!!!!
.@weeklystandard  I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than @stephenfhayes.
@majesticljp: @realDonaldTrump it's time for you to run for President of The United States, Mr Trump!!
@CNBC  POLL  TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22  CARSON 19.78  RUBIO 9.67....
@nikkisue69: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @hughhewitt  Jeb is such a lightweight
@Pablo44x: @CNN @realDonaldTrump Another hit piece by CNN. What? We're not biased!
@kristofer_clark: @realDonaldTrump Get into office and tell CONgress You're fired! #trump2016 #timeforPROgress
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras! 
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
@tedcruz, now I know you're smart! See you soon.u00a0
@heiressarts: @realDonaldTrump By going after you, Jindal also lost the LA governor race! Politicians Beware.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the u201cBu201d team. She wonu2019t be so lucky when it comes to me!
@PerryJames778:  @Highlander6700 @Macys The media Loves to twist words, and so do the politicians. @realDonaldTrump will set it straight!
#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with @kimguilfoyle on @FoxNews this evening. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainn
We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump Bush appears to be low on cash may need to do drop out or perhaps get a loan from Hillary.
@terribondhughes: @realDonaldTrump I'm watching Mr. Trump! Now and every year past. LOVE IT ! And I'm a HUGE fan of u, Sir. ud83dudc4dud83dude0a  Thanks.
@fenway315: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @RealGilbert Is the fucking man !
@MNTwisterChaser: Thanks @SavannahGuthrie and @NBCNews for showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll! #trainwreck #Trump2016
We can make Washington work for us. Itu2019s time for real leadership. Letu2019s #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
@BlueyesBeauty: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 epic things will be done! He will make the changes that we need!
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@arezo_ra: @GeraldoRivera your my #favorite on #TheApprentice @realDonaldTrump
@chirofrenzy: Am flabbergasted your name was brought up in visiting White House in the same sentence as Al Sharpton like Gold &amp; poop
@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump We need a real President to get things done, and that's why we want you!  Thank you.
Based on new oil prices, the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess!
@dusty_radio: @realDonaldTrump U wouldn't leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!
.@Neilyoungu2019s song, u201cRockinu2019 In The Free Worldu201d was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didnu2019t love it anyway.
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPORT, @TIME @Slate and more. Too bad dopey @megynkelly lies!
@gsspike:  @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews He's the only one with guts enough to talk about the real issues that count.
Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
@Christine_8888: @realDonaldTrump Brandi for the win!!
@AshlieJuliard: @KarlRove @realDonaldTrump Trump is the only candidate that I've ever been excited about #SomethingSpecialIsHappening
@jinx510 @realDonaldTrump don't get discouraged, keep telling the truth. Your detractors can't handle the truth.
@DattiJulia: @realDonaldTrump I did not like you before but watching your interview on CNN, you are the man.
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
@milachka10: @realDonaldTrump great show this season....luv the back to back episodes..great cast this time
@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump No doubt you would fix our country if you ran for president..do us all a favor please! #Trump2016
@nodramahea: @realDonaldTrump Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016
@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump If you combine the business models for both Macy's &amp; the NY Times, both are on a rapid decline, such a pity.
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
@keksec_org: The only winner of the #DemDebate is @realDonaldTrump.  This is not a great debate - a little sad!
Very good newsu2014the new Quinnipiac poll just came outu2014I am #1 in Iowa.
@irisodle: Love you man! I'm one of the silent majority that's so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline.  
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: Trump to hand out Trump memorabilia at Iowa summit 
@burgettn: @AB1132 @realDonaldTrump it's the only way we can make America great again.
@2timeslucky: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor You were amazing !
I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here- 
Via @MiamiHerald by Bill Van Smith: @jacknicklaus reminisces amid honor at @TrumpDoral 
@DirtyHouseGuy: Why won't you run for #POTUS and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? Show them how is should be done!!
@Luciano031982: @realDonaldTrump Veterans Love Trump But I love the VETS even more!
Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
.@KyleStephens30 #asktrump 
@PamKing8628: @ApprenticeNBC  @LeezaGibbons @HollyTyrer_1 Mr.Trump can u pls give a shout out tonight to #TeamLeeza #CelebApprentice
@nicolesavilla: #trumpforpresident hell yes!!! I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump in a heartbeat!!!
Poor @JohnKasich doesn't have what it takes- 
Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
@classyexplorer: @gatewaypundit Jim you fail to mention in your CNN POLL that in the GOP RACE...Trump is leading Cruz 39 to 18...Big Detail
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
@daveandlouanns: THANK YOU SIR FOR CARING FOR THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA. I WAS IN NEWMARKET NH. OFFICE. 
@tomtumillo: What is worse, Geraldo screaming 'screw the terrorists' or Kenya feeling she's 'fabulous'? #CelebrityApprentice
@davist19: If I was 18 I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump Thank you!
@tavbta: Thank you!! @realDonaldTrump really amazing
@AdamAngus15: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice = my new favorite show Great.
@PhinsDiehard: @CNN  Only Donald Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you!
@EKSpindler @realDonaldTrump @bellaxbionda go get em Donald! Enough with the PC crap. Tell it like it is and actually fix problems.
@c_shepler: @realDonaldTrump @newsobserver @RaleighReporter Great news!
@TopherCarlton: .@JebBush Sickening attempt. I hope .@realDonaldTrump jumps another 10 points. #WakeUpAmerica 
@MyView001: @realDonaldTrump U sure could do a lot for the country!
@RealSQUEZZ: VOTE @Realdonaldtrump FOR POTUS SO HE CAN STOP ALL THESE FAKE-ASS POLITICIANS!
@DJ4Corners: @realDonaldTrump You were awesome!
@MotAmazeBeGREAT: What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. - Donald Trump
@MindOfMcN: @Chrisgraham101 RT  TTonight the 2nd and 3rd eps of The Apprentice are on at 8 &amp; 9. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
@salans77: @realDonaldTrump great boardroom so far. Love the tension
@dblack15nc: @realDonaldTrump 
.@Modern_Do_Good #asktrump 
I will be on @marklevinshow at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
@TheNewsClub_US: RT @realDonaldTrump Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30. #RT #CNN #HBO
.@TrumpGolfLA is proud to be hosting @PGAGrandSlam where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015. 
@gpadilla0724: .@realDonaldTrump should definitely run for president in 2016! What a true American
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate. 
.@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesnu2019t get that Iu2019m good at winning!
Via @BreitbartNews by @NolteNC: DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL 
@SnoBurd: Here's an idea: Why don't DonaldTrump and @MittRomney run on the same ticket, instead of running against each other? No thanks!
@Doris22: RT  The CPAC Team is excited to announce that @realDonaldTrump will be speaking at CPAC 2015! #CPAC2015 
@janetaylorann: @realDonaldTrump Will make the best President ever
Look forward to being in DC tomorrowu2014big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
@Bravolebrity1: #CelebrityApprentice season finale tonight!! G-R-E-A-T Show! @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville  @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera
@boogiefinger: @realDonaldTrump @meetthepress @chucktodd Chuck doesn't know that 100,000 x 2 = 200,000 
@waynebaker056: @realDonaldTrump @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons love the show
@BestBergerEver: @realDonaldTrump Hope you'll tell America you're running 4 Prez soon! We need you in charge. #Trump4Prez
@JarrettMKorn: All faith in the world that @realDonaldTrump is the answer for America, come 2016 is a new beginning! #donaldtrump2016
@alexx4111: @realDonaldTrump I don't even live in the States, but I would still vote for you. Trump4President
The harder you work, the luckier you get.n -- Gary Player
u201c@marklevinshow: u2018PLUNDER AND DECEITu2019u201dn  
@josealfredotel1: @realDonaldTrump I think the best are, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Japan, Dominican Rep. Canada, Colombia
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
@BigShowFarm: Donald Trump on @bigshowfarm, he'll be at @LandExpo tomorrow
@caholcom53: @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter #trump2016 #MakingAmericaGreatAgain
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp; then establish it. Simple, but not easy. Focus!
@rfscottga: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again.  Trump 2016
Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll! 
@alli_dukes: I'd love to see @realDonaldTrump run in 2016
Hillary just said that she will not use the term radical Islamic - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama &amp; the e-mails!
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
@TNelly813: Yay! @realDonaldTrump I'm so excited for celebrity apprentice :)
@gqforbes: TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt 
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas: 
@otto2468: @realDonaldTrump He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why can't he do the same with America? #Trump2016
@Priece714: if @realDonaldTrump ran for president that would make me so happy
@StephPrichard1: You never give upud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 Hope you win. @realDonaldTrump you're my #1 choice #Trump2016 #ProudAmerican
@seriouslybright: @realDonaldTrump I am so excited to view this new season! #CelebrityApprentice
.@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannelu2014greatly appreciated.
@QuinnLisaq:  @CNN @donlemon . The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way
Exclusive--Davi: Trump, The Lion We Need  
Addressing record crowd @ Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp; Make America Great Again! 
@DavidFoody @realDonaldTrump Thank you for taking on the   Establishment.They don't know what to do, do they?
In a clumsy move to get out of his anchor babies dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS
@TrudyUnis: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug our country need something. Never seen so much division as the last  years.
Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video: 
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
@marklevinshow: Excellent article, read to the end 
@FortuneMagazine: Do successful CEOs sleep less than everyone else? 
@tellkell: @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr beautiful and touching tribute! Ahhh she is so missed!
@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE THE MAN! You are the ONLY one of Substance! U r REAL DEAL never Bull or Hot air #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain!
@twincity1982  @realDonaldTrump Please run for President, sir- America needs your leadership !!
@kittreantanner:More interviews, Mr Trump. The more you talk @ what you would do if president, the more people want to hear MORE from you.
Via @SunSentinel by @JoanieCox: u201cIn Palm Beach, nothing trumps the Trump Invitationalu201d 
#CNNDebate 
@AndyBran: @JoeNBC  Mr. Trump nailed it! Wow: After Doubts, Economists Find China Kills U.S. Factory Jobs - 
Via @DMRegister by @BylineAndyDavis: u201cDonald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralvilleu201d 
@RustyHook2: @realDonaldTrump @trillacamila You would be a damn sight better than Jeb ! or Billary !
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-
@HowardJax50: Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!
@JimStaricha: @eastevens54 @cvpayne @tonykatz @realDonaldTrump Watch what he said, yes maybe a bit kinder, but a fact is a fact.
@Glitter_alex: @realDonaldTrump is what we need to fix this mess! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Im only 11 but my parents are voting for Trump!
@midwestcaucus:  @60Minutes Great interview,Trump ruled. Great response 2 Trade War claim. All anyone has 2 do is look at foreign tariffs
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
@TriciaNC1: @Centaur6D If I were Walker, I'd be afraid of Trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked!
@tweet4upatriots: I believe @realDonaldTrump can make AMERICA GREAT again #C2GTHR 
@NecieWelch: @realDonaldTrump a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! Do it.  #Trump2016
@StaciAnn: @realDonaldTrump Go @LeezaGibbons . Classiest lady to ever grace the show :)
@GeneLingerfelt: Country's been run by low I.Q. people for years. Why @SenTedCruz, @realDonaldTrump, amaze us when they speak.
@Barbavh: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly Ordered my Trump banner today. Can't wait!
@JodiL792:  @FoxNews I have been since you started running &amp; I noticed Meghan Kelly's attacks. Stopped watching. Only Hannity 4 sure. Yes!
@theJoannaRyan: @realDonaldTrump a man's children speak much of him. U have raised them well &amp; will represent us well. U will win. Thanks.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
@brentcfritz: Today is the day America becomes great again. @realDonaldTrump has some huge news that will shock the world #Trump4President
True. 
@BooBooBear4U2: #Trump keeps comin back like Bruce Willis in RED! Trump is hard hitting PATRIOT! TRUTH TRUMPS ALL! 
@Lo7us_: vote for Trump #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump
@Barber2012Jeff: @realDonaldTrump John Kasich-it didn't work I'm still voting for #Trump John has done so poorly in the debates he's done!
@EricSjursen: @FoxNews @SheriffClarke @MonicaCrowley  There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz he's the real thing, not a politician
@yankeejayman: @realDonaldTrump @flicka__ Do u ever sleep?  Not much!
My @foxandfriends int. @FoxNewsInsider u201c'Once a Choker, Always a Choker': DJT Takes Credit for Romney Dropping Outu201d 
@RichJohnson1973: @realDonaldTrump for president
@KnucklDraginSam: @realDonaldTrump @Chris_Owens1213 @HillaryClinton Yeah, first question, list your major accomplishments.  #Trump4Prez
@jsilva74366572: @realDonaldTrump vote for trump or we will end up having to learn mandarin. People please wake up.
@TheRealTimC_: I'm loving @MsVivicaFox as Project Manager! @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @nbc #CelebApprentice
ICYMI, my speech this past Monday at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach 
@JamesSchlosser: When does the next season start? @realDonaldTrump can't end something this good!
.@WSJ and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.n
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best artnAndy Warhol
@mstrbass2000 @DashMan18 @AppSame  taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech, nothing trump said wasn't true
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.. 
@andres_3v: @realDonaldTrump you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. #Trump2016 #TrumpForAmerica
@MikeOG_: @realDonaldTrump was right! close the borders! #Trump2016
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesnu2019t get it.
Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: u201cTRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'u201d 
@mamapattyw: @MsVivicaFox You were a Class Act @CelebApprentice When you told @realDonaldTrump that @LeezaGibbons deserved to be C.A.
Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!
u201cIn N.H., Trump says his business experience would play well in governmentu201d 
.@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on @FoxNews tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
@LuckyShaut @realDonaldTrump If I could only read one of your books, which one would you recommend? The Art of the Deal.
@michaelUrso2: Mr Trump did you deny Megyn Kelly. What is her issue! I used to like her. Can't stand her now. Very little talent! @FoxNews
@MelRivers: @EricTrump @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Thank you for always treating her with love and respect
@Budd0427 @realDonaldTrump Jean George's is always fantastic a real pleasure in a wonderful building  Thank you.
@Achilarre: I couldn't even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the @realDonaldTrump debated any one of these five jabronis
Great news, Iu2019m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close &amp; gaining.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit 
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess Wow, it can be done!
@gmbaku: @realDonaldTrump @littlevd23 @TSRowan Plus fabulous, fantastic, great and tenacious. Love those words.
@jmontgomery1965: Please save us from this BS in DC, my heads going to pop off if any of these clowns get elected, please run.....please!
@conservmatt: @stevenlas @jimlockwoodshow @realDonaldTrump the Donald employs and feeds more people than all of us combined. He's America.
@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump nice job this morning on #Foxabdfriends ! You have my vote, not Walker
@Eerbnagrom: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump my 2 favorites!
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! #Trump2016 
@Patti_Page Thanks Patti, I hope they vote @oreillyfactor
@aenochs64: @ApprenticeNBC @Kateplusmy8 @realDonaldTrump great job supporting Sig and those bartenders :) beautiful and classy!!
@MansfieldRA: The Q Is Will The @realDonaldTrump Run For President? We Shall Wait And See. @FoxNews Just watch!
@ByronYork: Donald Trump is rising in NH, IA. What's going on? 
@AngieMcMonigal: A glorious winter afternoon in #Chicago @TrumpChicago @realDonaldTrump 
Wow, @SharylAttkisson  just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain 
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
@Brooke_Burton_: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you just run for President?! You would have my vote!!
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
@MirandaMattos1: @realDonaldTrump @MarianoRivera @EricTrump
My speech at yesterdayu2019s @SteveKingIA @Citizens_United Iowa Freedom Summit  n
Just released @CNN Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing @nytimes. Thank you Iowa!
@LADillard4: @IanZiering was incredible tonight on #CelebApprentice ! @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump
@xoleahjackson: @realDonaldTrump SO true! Much love Donaldu2764ufe0f!
@adeeasthope: @realDonaldTrump I'm voting for #trump for CEO of these United States, time to haul ass #Trump2016 Great.
@Women4Trump: @mauigirl56 @realDonaldTrump  We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!!!!
@brady2edelman: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America
@mikescintoshow: @realDonaldTrump He says what others are too afraid to say; the truth!
@mccoykellen: I would 100% recommend everyone watch all of @realDonaldTrump vines.
@macresslertech: RT  ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% 
Why does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said  People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@MorrisFrance: Excited for the Miss Universe! Hi @realDonaldTrump ud83dudc4bud83dudc4b
Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun, wonderful audience!
Via @nypost by @JonathonTrugman: Donald Trumpu2019s resume backs his run for president 
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
Thank you for your service!  
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obamau2019s executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President. n   n  
@GuyScott33: @realDonaldTrump EXCELLENT SPEECH AT SC FREEDOM SUMMIT! YOU NEED TO RUN! 
Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?
@linablue: @realDonaldTrump I love the fact you can't be bought...
@marybrittles:  Joan is one of the greats. Wonderful to see her on #TheApprentice for the last time. God bless you Ms Rivers.
@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrumpu00a0No Amercian, really, can impactu00a0such staggering influence. Stay True! Great and savvy bizman! America: GREAT!
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantageu2014smart!
Looking forward to joining @V4SA Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the @USSIowa - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! 
.@TrumpNationalNY- a great place! 
@catisbetter666: @realDonaldTrump I'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
@CrueBabe: @realDonaldTrump I love the boardroom. Awkward atmosphere right now. #CelebApprentice
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3   
@Nightingalicing: @californguy @ApprenticeNBC @Andy @Bravotv The ONLY reason I'm watching network tv tonightud83dude09 is @BrandiGlanville.
@PauperInAPinch: @realDonaldTrump Thank goodness #DemDebate is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
@TheStangShow: @realDonaldTrump you the man! You can never be too young to be a fan of you! #donaldtrumprocks Thanks.
Surprise, @oreillyfactor used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the showu2014then talked about everyone else but me!
@kissmeandrocco: @realDonaldTrump who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just don't want a good country Thank you.
@InsureRetire @realDonaldTrump @Gawker best response ever!  Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit.
@Desheay: TO ALL MY CALIFORNIA TRUMP SUPPORTERS! Lets join up and work together on Twitter! Lets do this!!! @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 !
Via @FoxNews: u201cTrump: Politicians are all talk no action; I'm the oppositeu201d 
@FiveStarMagazin: Trump Collection is planning hotels in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Doha and KSA #AHIC2015  @realDonaldTrump 
@MSJACKIEWOW: @realDonaldTrump NOBODY TRUMPS TRUMP WHEN IT COMES TO TWEETS...HOLY SH@T UR THE TWEET MASTER...GREAT JOB.
.@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. Iu2019ll lower big league for middle class.
I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump You're killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!
@CeeCorrine1: Loving this look back at the Best of #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC u2764ufe0fud83dude03
@jasonCwaite: @realDonaldTrump The BEST tweet of 2015. Agree? #Trump
@PopularPosters: @realDonaldTrump you are the only man running for president that knows how to handle the job.
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
@5reedz: @realDonaldTrump Welcome to the Best City in the USA....... Nashville Tn. I love Nashville!
.@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thank you!
@oefoif0506: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug   RunTrump, kick their A** and get it on the right track
@nonstop85716: @realDonaldTrump.I am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primary's and Mr Trump has my vote
I will be on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on @NBC. Enjoy!
@alphainparis: @seanhannity DonaldTrump is the 21st century Ronald Reagan. Intelligent. Bold. Surrounded by good people. Gets the job done.
.@NRO  Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!
.@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication
America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms,it will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln
Will be on @oreillyfactor tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill! 
@JRooneyIII  @realDonaldTrump The Country needs you now more than ever.  You will be the one to bring the respect back.  #Trump2016  Thx.
@sven945: .@realDonaldTrump Forget running for president, why don't you run to be an MP here in Scotland!
@JFK4701: @realDonaldTrump he is reading off the TelePrompTer.  But that is O.K. in this case.
@thetylerjames9: @realDonaldTrump cannot be bought! Therefore he cannot be silenced!
Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste.
@KhathuEnos  ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success, build a wall from whatever they throw towards you Sir.
@dmanhomee: I support DonaldTrump 100% for 2016! He is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was!
@Thuglife602: @realDonaldTrump Bad position for Jeb, if his Mommy, Daddy and brother get involved the skeletons come back out of the closet
@Dad_Trump: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT YES!
@therightnewz: Video-- @realDonaldTrump to @greta : Jeb won't beat Hillary Clinton
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
@ThomaOlivia: Donald Trump Hands u2018Fox News Sundayu2019 Its Biggest #Crowd In 6 Years 
@drvanderbloomen: @realDonaldTrump --You may be our last hope.......................
@yankeeworshiper  thank you to Donald Trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the B.S.and lies for Hillary and Barack.
Turn on @oreillyfactor now  and enjoy true brilliance!
Get ready for @Oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
@TheFix: Tuesday's Democratic debate is missing just one thing: Donald Trump.  True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?
@diannelea1958: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @ChannelGuide So excited for this season. It may be one of the best and most vicious ever.
@Blacks4Trump16: Legal &amp; illegal immigration drive down American wages. Only DonaldTrump can fix this. @AnnCoulter #Trump2016 #TeamTrump
@VladimirRussia7: @realDonaldTrump Oh,How I respect you- a billionaire,a family man,and a TV Star! Thanks.
How do you like the boardroom so far?
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count.
@diamondd_keefy: @realDonaldTrump should be president!!! #Presidenttrump
Why Donald Trump Wonu2019t Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES, Iowau2014Donald Trump says if he runs for p... 
.@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
Will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@TomNocera: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump TRUMP DOMINANT screams headline in today's Tampa Bay Times. #Trump2016 
@kyleRok: Amazing! Trump tennis facility in Loudoun County is gorgeous!! Anything this man does, he does it right. 
@MIclimber: @realDonaldTrump look at alum @THEGaryBusey making you proud with @AmazonFireTV #CelebApprentice Great.
@Biracial_Chick: Trump Rights Ship on Immigration: Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor. 
@ihatematt: @realDonaldTrump why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.
@bethdelany: @realDonaldTrump Jamie brought in no money? her pie recipe brought in $25K #CelebrityApprentice
@TheMindWave:  @FoxNews Im not sure why u r giving them this much importance, they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!!
@shihtzupad: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I LOVE THIS SHOWud83dudc4du2764ufe0fu203cufe0f
Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks bull about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12.
@OliverOmrf  Very excited to start reading #theartofthedeal after being so inspired by #howtogetrich  @realDonaldTrump Great. Good luck!
@celtoid2: @realDonaldTrump @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia Your country needs you. Run.
@tshakro: @realDonaldTrump should run for president! I rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician.
@CityBlindsMIB: @realDonaldTrump With Mr Trump as top man in the World, Everyone would shake hands and listen to the man!! true leadership
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes. 
@NEYAM760: Trump 4 president! @realDonaldTrump
@VTDiva01: For the record I think @realDonaldTrump rocks and I would never boycott #CelebApprentice - the entire Trump family is amazing.
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders MASTERMINDS. Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
@auggerdogger:  @realDonaldTrump my son didn't know who Meatloaf was so showed him Paradise by Dashboard lights 
@MichaelEntrekin: At this point, every arrow points your way.. We need The Don!! #trumpforpresident We need you, sir! Run! #betteramerica
@usplaymoney: DonaldTrump @beny_benson He would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. Wont be bought like politicians either
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
@strongvoice: @realDonaldTrump @redrocket951 @ApprenticeNBC What a baby. He's having a temper tantrum because he isn't getting his own way.
@daviddepuma: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 #TeamAmerica
@760_831: @DanSaltsman @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump  I have faith he will win and save America
@raven_claw2: @realDonaldTrump You're right Mr. Trump I am fed up with politicians! We need You to Lead America and make our nation Great.
@Stickmissosolog: @realDonaldTrump the top 2 of Miss Universe 2014 should be #Usa and #Colombia
Entrepreneurs: Difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business &amp; life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact.
@misterdish69: @IAmFreedomMan @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @realDonaldTrump @CNN 
@rjispy:  @Sweettea2u Great! All @gop @TeaPartyExpress @TPPatriots @TeaPartyOrg should take the pledge not to vote unless Trump runs
@Hohummm: Did you also hear Megyn say Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls OUTRIGHT LIE!  Hatred!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
@jelliottkelley: @realDonaldTrump coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better @RepJeffDuncan
.@foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
@MenOfHistory: I like thinking big... if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big. - Donald Trump
@sprinkler22: @realDonaldTrump i love donald trump!!!! Thanks
.@TMobile  You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!  @JohnLegere
@Vaporcon2015: @realDonaldTrump The Liberals are terrified that you'll be the one to go against Hillary.
@imprimis310: @NBC is the bigot. @realDonaldTrump and @SenTedCruz only speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx, NY, will open soon. A Jack Nicklaus Signature Design. Beautiful.  
@GrundleMan27: Marco Rubio can't even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the U.S. finances #trump
@pg_rant: They can't handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you won't walk away! Give it to them
@Albusinvogue: @Sia is performing, DonaldTrump is hosting. Tonight's #saturdaynightlive is going to be legendary. 
On the cover of @TIME Magazineu2014a great honor! 
.@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
@sugarofsaturn: @realDonaldTrump @stuartpstevens On the bright side Romney's loss gave us Donald Trump!  So true!
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowdu2014so much to talk about!
Thank you South Carolina! #Trump2016 
.@JordanSpieth  Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
@vagpoop: @realDonaldTrump Heard you on 770 today. You should run. #FORREAL
@RealPro4Real: It's so gorgeous! You have amazing taste Donald!  @TrumpGolfLA @FoxNews @foxandfriends @CNBC
@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I always Enjoy listening to you Mr Trump!! You give great advice! God Bless!!
@sassysexylove:  @AdamAngus15: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice = my new favorite show Great. My mom&amp;I watch together! #Bonding
Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance.  See yourself as victorious!
@millersandra88: @realDonaldTrump @MansfieldRA @FoxNews He is the only one who could save us!!
@SaveAmerica15: @MrBiggles12345  @tonyarolandtr @Youxia88 @tedcruz @Macys Trump just might be the savior of America! Better than Reagan!
Remember, after this, new episode starts - 5 MINUTES!
.@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
@AnnCoulter: Yes, strange that Trump is surging in the polls for saying what other GOPS too stupid to say. 
.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show, @TheHerd, on Monday (2:30pm EST).
@codematic: @realDonaldTrump @buffyG6820@HouseGOP @EPN Dont get me wrong, Mr. Trump is awesome, but where is he on our rights 1st, 2nd, 4th
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
u201cTrump: 'Never Give Up' on Farmland Value Rallyu201d 
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.
@CRinQC: RT @thehill: New Iowa poll finds .@realDonaldTrump in the lead by double digits. 
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. Itu2019s a very empowering attitude.
@Foshay504: @greta DonaldTrump-Love him! It's time to run America like a business. We've given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!
.@JebBush had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion! 
If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!
@KingSchnabel: @realDonaldTrump College students love trump. Never change.  Great.
@marklevinshow: Trump is right 
@mjh811: @realDonaldTrump @oates_tom You are the only one with guts. We need that!! Have my vote!  Great.
Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there! 
@GregWescott: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Another great interview. You were point on .... As good as it gets!  Thanks!
My interview with @HowardKurtz on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on @Fox at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
@DurandSentinus @JebBush may get headlines today, but @realDonaldTrump will dominate news for week regardless of his announcement tomorrow
I want talented people to come into this countryu2014to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
@PatricijaBelous: #MissLithuania #MissU.  I miss this beautiful place. @TrumpDoral and my gorgeous friends...ud83dude13ud83dudc98 
Via @washingtonpost 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! 
If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!
@PATRIOT4657: @megynkelly The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe
@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!!  Thank you.
@VTDiva01: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't fire Kenya tonight SOMEHOW I'm over this show. Come on Don, you're smart. Get rid of her.
@BIGDADDY441: @realDonaldTrump run for president so that Hillary don't win. Please?
@trhdesign55: Great interview @realDonaldTrump on @oreillyfactor !!! Throw your hat in the ring !!!
.@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
@JenninBoca: I enjoy seeing @realDonaldTrump on @foxandfriends. President Trump has a lovely ring to it, I think. #TeamTrump @FoxNews
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
@BDubLasVegas: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@alexpattillo: Just completed The Art of the Deal. Written the year I was born and its principles still apply today. Very inspiring!
@Brainbow_Bite: @realDonaldTrump I AGREE WITH PAT BUCHANAN THAT YOU SIR ARE A MAN OF ACTION! Thank you!
Just been informed by @nbc--they want to extend the run of the @ApprenticeNBC by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live.
@BestPhotosEver: You need to run for Pres. You would restore greatness to America, and have the ability to make a difference. #Trump2016
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
@AlamsyahDoni: @realDonaldTrump please rate her Miss Indonesia, one of Fadil's fave 
Why doesn't @CNN use the #CNN Iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014
@Cigartainer: @realDonaldTrump best I've seen you / o'reilly. U bring a lot to the table &amp; r a true citizen.
We have got to take our country back. It's time!
@TossMyJohnson: @realDonaldTrump run for president
Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy
@RedzuanRasul: @realDonaldTrump, inspired others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you always are the leader. Nice.
@jkellywwip: @realDonaldTrump killed it on @foxandfriends
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety.n -- Jack Nicklaus
@Jarod_Pitmon10: I am a full supporter of #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump is a guy that will help this country
@Riggs101: Carl Icahn: Donald Trump Is Completely Correct That We Are In A Bubble Like You've Never Seen Before
.@EliseChristine #asktrump 
@Jpicc1: @realDonaldTrump Please DO run!! We need a strong leader who will end the embarrassment our current President has caused us!!
@Heidilucky:  Hello Mr. Trump. I LOVE @TheApprentice9 and can NOT wait till it airs. @ABCSharkTank and @TheProfitCNBC ; 2 other faves!
@JasonPruett1:  What a true entrepreneur! Celebrity Apprentice creates great leaders, which offers successful tools along this journey!
@RustyBlissUSA:  @realDonaldTrump we're ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State. #Trump2016 #TeamTrump
@bigsampolkcoga:  @GovChristie @MikeHuckabeeGOP @FoxBusiness and they kept Rand Paul on the main stage. Let's get Huck and Christie back.
@Bobzilla305: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer is a progressive making money off of the Conservative viewership A total loser!
Entrepreneurs:  Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery, just as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself short.
@RosaleeAdams: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I thought it would never start again...
@FrankieEMT_B: @realDonaldTrump You have my vote already! We don't need another Obama, it's time for someone who knows how to lead!
@SparkleAWin: DonaldTrump Alot of good looking guys but what's important is R they #CelebApprentice material Can't wait 2 C them in action
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
@ElizaWindso: @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint @realDonaldTrump @jacknicklaus She'll never go out of style ...  True!
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC.  Iu2019ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Donu2019t miss it!
@WMikeW: It's hard to get through corrupt media filter but Trump is doing it. Check out 9/30/15 @donlemon int'view 
@munciewolves: @realDonaldTrump America backs you. Your our next President!!!! Thank you!
@Liberty4UanMe @LadyPatriot777 @rushlimbaugh  got to do something though! Too many times they lied to us. For some reason, I trust Trump
@AngelaDale143: @realDonaldTrump @CNN wow, did Trump kick ass with Cuomo! You are the man, Mr. Trump; certainly not the lamb chop, Rubio.
@gedion_t: @realDonaldTrump @EthaBrooke @MittRomney No body knows foreign policy any better than Trump. Vote T
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
@thatx209xguy: @realDonaldTrump @DailyCaller Trump is our last hope to make America great again. #Trump2016 So true!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the u201cbossesu201d and u201cownersu201d of candidates. I am self funding.
Via @Newsmax_Media: Trump, @oreillyfactor Make Up After Digs at Each Other 
@CornWhisky: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Pretty much says it like it is.
Via @HorsetalkNZ: u201cFloridau2019s Trump Invitational to kick off showjumping yearu201d 
@jsilva74366572:  @GappistanRadio - all these pols are such ass kissing fakes - trump is theonly one speaking truthTrump for pres !!! 2016
u201c@NBCApprentice: And the fired celebrities are...u201d 
@nikkio:  Good interview on O'Reilly - Many people r unaware how foreigners play around w/ currency to win trade over USA companies.
Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
@wizardofwords: @VictoriaJacobs @TrumpToronto  Yes, I loved it! Close to #UnionStation for train travellers, which is what I was. #Toronto
Via @LatinoVoices by @CaritoJuliette: u201cMeet The Latina 2014 @MissUniverse Candidatesu201d 
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
@InsideSouthFL: Photo: #JonathanAldridge &amp; #DonaldTrump  #1 show @TheApprentice9 @NBC! #1 Golf Course @TrumpDoral! 
The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.
@Purplite: Will it be @HilaryClinton against @realDonaldTrump ? Come on Donald, everyone's waiting.
Via @bostonherald by @ChrisCassidy_BH: u201cTrump: `The last thing we need is another Bush'u201d 
@JDrago28: It was such an honor to meet @realDonaldTrump today in New Hampshire! What a great man! #NH #business 
@ArtPar17: @CNN   Your story is a total fraud  I agree!
@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump His biggest asset is that he isn't a professional liar like the rest of them.
@rightjj: @realDonaldTrump: I've to say that you're making sense in a lot of things especially on China! Nobody else dares to raise it!
@AnnCoulter: .DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie, who supported in-state tuition 4 illegals -scrape bottom. 
@LindaNTyler: Seeing @Joan_Rivers is so tough, but also so very special! Glad she was on this season. #Blessings to @MelRivers
@cinna33: @MrSilverScott @CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump @JSKibler Yeah! Bring on/down the gauntlet
@fc61e7ca3dac404: @realDonaldTrump a great candidate for president! H:-)ope with my heart u run! Our country needs u
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed  @RichLowry on television lately, and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity
@BigGstory: @realDonaldTrump is not a politician, he's the leader that America needs
u201cWhat counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.u201d - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump President Trump just sounds right! Thanks!
@flicka__: @realDonaldTrump for president
@AHataas: @realDonaldTrump @Tigre_Hoy @MissUniverse Go Miss Philippines!!
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met himu2026.
@luxury: Whatu2019s it like to play Donald Trumpu2019s Ferry Point golf course in the Bronx?  
@cb_beach_bum: Great job @seanhannity you slayed Mr. Sanchez with the #truth thx 4 defending @realDonaldTrump 
@davidsidol: Great meeting @realDonaldTrump today! #TrumpGolf #TrumpNationalCharlotte #1stclass 
@joeoh89: @seanhannity  @realDonaldTrump What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham.
@ameliasg: @ameliasg @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  @IvankaTrump does anyone else think some faces look like Picasso sculptures?
@Hashtag1USA: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of Jeb cancelling his Iowa rally last night ? 
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! 
The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp; @UrbandaleSchool. I had a great time in Iowa today! 
@releafpen: Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!
@TexasArmyMom18: Ready for your interview on #KellyFile  @megynkelly enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for #2016presidential
Thank you. 
@Jcpcond: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile @JohnLegere T-Mobile sucks!
@akawhit1: @Maxinerunner @RonNussbeck @realDonaldTrump MCCAIN WHO? #Vets Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation 
Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
@JordanDworaczyk: @DrHawk12 @elvisknievil I'm voting for @realDonaldTrump too.  Thanks.
@theratzpack: @PattonDivision if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans.
@TdavisTonya: @brucedhendrix @Poetry4Bitcoin  Nope. Trump isn't taking 2 weeks off to promote his book. Trump is donating all to charity
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!
@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump great numbers #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thanks.
@sloopjohnb15: @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson I'm on the #TrumpTrain2016
@HamishP95: @realDonaldTrump My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you. 
@LionsTrinityCap: @realDonaldTrump UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN...Trump RESTORES America's credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs.
I just answered my Facebook fan's questions in the latest #AskTheDonald- watch the video- 
@ZacharySmitty: @realDonaldTrump I just listened to this speech and loved it!
@Tea4Freedom: @realDonaldTrump @CNN That was awesome, boss! #trump2016
@RULivingLife: I Agree.!! @realDonaldTrump Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken- Donald Trump #quote
@678b4612a62641f: @realDonaldTrump @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly my vote remains for trump!
@JordonBruno: I really love @realDonaldTrump
@woodrowwinters @realDonaldTrump pumped for Tuesday. The road to getting American back starts next week. Thanks.
@thecccowanshow: @realDonaldTrump @NaomiEpstein @ApprenticeNBC KENYA MOORE ROCKS! WATCH HER WORK HER STUFF!!!
@pimpincrxboy @realDonaldTrump can't wait to play trump national and it was a real treat to see Donald Trump there today. #topnotch Thanks
We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! 
@BernieSanders: ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign.  That's because @ABC is smart!
@FuturisticUFO: Are you like another Ross Perot? @RealDonaldTrump @CNN Bigger, better, stronger and richer!
@strongvoice: @realDonaldTrump Shawn was absolutely right. Bringing up the why was trashy. imho, VERY trashy. #CelebApprentice
@Moonwkr: @realDonaldTrump I would like to nominate @IvankaTrump for Speaker of the House What a great idea, she is a total winner! (Nice)
@greigaspinall  @realDonaldTrump great show! Shame we are so behind in the UK. The 2011 season just finished! Well done @johnrich  Thanks.
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!
@AlisaApps  @realDonaldTrump you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up! #AlisaReal Thx
@ChanRogers I literally give a fist pump when I see @realDonaldTrump tell things the way they are &amp; calling out those with no credibility
@julieruot: I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need @realDonaldTrump.
@KLM164: Donald Trump: MSM Investigation Into Scott Walkeru2019s College A u2018Double Standardu2019 - Breitbart 
@diannelea1958: @MFonnest @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @ChannelGuide Hell yes! It's gonna be fun.
Entrepreneurs: Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
@WriteReadRock: @thehill DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason! #TRUMP2016
@BackOnTrackUSA: @seanhannity You are looking &amp; sounding more Presidential everyday. The country is ready for you to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@mormontim: Going to see @realDonaldTrump tomorrow in franklin TN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump it's going to be a very interesting and amusing season I am already hooked!
@duranshingange1: @realDonaldTrump i work hard everyday to be like u one day in my life. Great, you will be very successful!
@JayRHaw: @realDonaldTrump was right. @RandPaul wont last. Even Paul knew it. Thats why he's still running for his Senate seat  #Trump2016
@danlifting: @realDonaldTrump I wouldn't watch it at all if Mr. trump was not on it. See u on your book signing on 11/3. Trump all the way.
@rickvanhouse: @realDonaldTrump Cigars, scotch and The Apprentice. The best. 
@grahamclark: Is it just me or does @realDonaldTrump seem nice?
.@KevinHart4real joined @woodmank104 @katek104 @K1047 &amp; was asked about his thoughts on @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice!
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse.
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
.@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!
@1Barbara1: @realDonaldTrump @SteveMarz1 @Felix_Clay @kpdelbridge @seanhannity Vietnam Veterans Against McCain-
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
@CommissarOfGG: You are being attacked from all sides, yet you have the people's hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you.
@BJSeastoneAMP: Proud of you @realDonaldTrump keep cutting through the #politicalcrap and tell it like it is
@Matt_The_Stud: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote if you commit. You know what you can do. Give your people what America needs.
@missalliecat @BrandiGlanville I love the way you don't take any crap from @KateGoselin.I can't wait to hear you say Kate, you're fired!
Our @TrumpNewYork is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in @TandCmag: 
@FoxNews: @FrankLuntz: Time for the Republican establishment to accept the fact that Trump is not only a viable candidate, but lead is real
@stacygalore: I think I'm getting addicted to @realDonaldTrump power and his voice. #CelebrityApprentice #yourfired
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
@gqforbes: DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA! @realDonaldTrump's twitter edge @DanScavino @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling 
@JWCesare   I appreciate @realDonaldTrump and his straight talk.  Our country needs this.
@xwellLudwig: .@realDonaldTrump We need someone who can whip those goons on capital hill back into shape! #Trump2016 #Teens4Trump
@rtoneff25: @realDonaldTrump just kicked ass on Fox News. Guy is a winner  Thank you!
@lcolosimo61: @greta @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney @GOP @FoxNews rhetoric, he would have become our next president.
@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported @realDonaldTrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you.
@Trump2016Donald: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @hughhewitt Patriots for trump! 
@skulls2001: We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami. Great.
.@foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
@sandersandrew: @realDonaldTrump Donald, you have to do it. It's the only way to save this once great nation.
@transit010: @realDonaldTrump Nobody out thinks me D.Trump #damn right! #great show
@JCL30 @realDonaldTrump had a run round @TurnberryBuzz Ails this morning. Going to be great when all the changes are finished. Thanks.
Via @bpolitics by @tdopp: u201cIn Iowa, Trump Promises to u2018Surprise a Lot of Peopleu2019u201d 
@nobaddog: @RepBJNikkel @CindyBlackwel12 JohnKasich  All you career Politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear Trump gets elected
@luisaorozcov: My dream! @realDonaldTrump is an example of life 
@AutumnJuliaa: My goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly as @realDonaldTrump did at my age.
@SenSanders: I have a message for Donald Trump: No, weu2019re not going to hate Latinos, weu2019re not going to hate Muslims.  I fully agree!
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
.@realDonaldTrump on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! @AndersonCooper, you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016 
@DeanDesign101: Why not @realDonaldTrump? He knows how to create wealth, jobs and is not a wimp. #DonaldTrump #foxandfriends
@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor The Smart Guy I love that slogan!
@KathyPica1: @DanScavino @CarmineZozzora  @realDonaldTrump YES HE IS &amp; SHOULD APOLOGIZE All people trying 2 take Trump down, not a chance
Via @CBSmiami by @LisaPetrillo: u201cTrump Unveils Renovated @TrumpDoral Red Tiger Golf Courseu201d 
Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. @FoxNews
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!
@nepafortrump:  @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN We R here FIGHTING for you DJT! You are the only person who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump
Great poll numbers! Thank you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@moeaa12: @JohnLegere  @TMobile then i hope your customer service ppl learn how to treat their customer and follow up with them to fix
@antSTACKSgrieco: @realDonaldTrump you were great in it!! Thanks!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
@VaughnVhalen: Donald Trump Rises to 38% Nationally; Ted Cruz Edges into 2nd at 12%
@buckleybro40:  @RichLowry @maggieNYT @TheFix @pbump @realDonaldTrump so great in Sarasota, FL! #TurntTrump We're following T all the way!
Trump Nat'l Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic! 
@ChannyEats: @realDonaldTrump wrong decision but I understand why you did it #ratings  Not really!
@jaxsiete: @realDonaldTrump Love your sense of humor...LOL Your rallies are amazing. We're standing behind you 1000%:) @FoxNews
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border 
@thehill: .@realDonaldTrumpu2019s biggest Hispanic fan: Heu2019s my perfect man 
@lolabigirl  I'm not sure why people are mad @realDonaldTrump he really speaks the truth. Sir, I support you for #President.
What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!
Why doesnu2019t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about the video of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
@Margaretweber48: @realDonaldTrump Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye, bye Rand!
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts: 
@ElvisFever:  @megynkelly @FoxNews Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope! 
@tiaffo: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki Yes... ALL the WIN!....
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
@SecondToNONE8: The White House is waiting for you to move in, Mr. Trump. @realDonaldTrump
@dalasner: Ed Schultz just extolled your business savvy, maybe there is hope for MSNBC! Be careful if Sharpton endorses you, Boss!
@SenzuLean: America should be so lucky to have @realDonaldTrump even consider leading our nation Thank you.
Thank you! #Trump2016 n
@BlackandBlondeM: @realDonaldTrump for President 2016 &amp; @SenTedCruz for VP! NO more career politicians. @impetrio1 &amp; @BlackAndRight
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
@mirrorgrrl: Truly Great men come along only once a genration. DonaldTrump Is That Man. Has it all- gentle wisdom,fierce biz savvy,IQ. Wow!
@DanielPokorski: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump You are the epitomy of class Thanks.
@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President
@HorseShort: @jstaggs362 @sburton305 @Vermont5girl @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP IS TRUTH! We want #Trump! ud83dude82ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cudf88
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
@1Barbara1: @realDonaldTrump @Morning_Joe @politico I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed.
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!n  #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words
@Dbarbs1: @realDonaldTrump please fire Kenya first. Really?
u201cGet some face time in The Spa at @TrumpLasVegasu201d 
Very nice - @HuffingtonPost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% 
Awarded 5 Stars by @ForbesInspector, @TrumpChicagou2019s @SixteenChicago offers n  Executive Chef @cheflentsu2019s new menu 
This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America  via Bloomberg Politics  
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
@TrumpFix: @meganena13 @robertew2945 agreed Luisa. @realDonaldTrump WILL WIN! This is what he does!
@RickysPlace1: @realDonaldTrump @dxkelley @BOBonTCN Definitely a great president!!
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@Hashtag1USA: I just watched D Trumps interview on @CNN i get more impressed everytime i hear him speak! @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016-Thanks
Dress your best! The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, offers the tops style in menswear 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
Loved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
@SaraGreenwell: @realDonaldTrump #VoteTrump2016 Chris Christie needs to #apologize 2 along with everyone else who doubted u. #TeamTrump
@Renhowe: I enjoyed @donlemonu2018s interview with @realDonaldTrump on @CNN Need more interviews like that. Thanks.
I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!
u201cFailure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.u201d - Henry Ford
@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump strong clear decisive leader needed..vote trump  Thank you!
@JoeMarzocco: @realDonaldTrump They attack Trump for not giving policy 
Will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00.
.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
@MikeRaj7:  @megynkelly Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions, Stirrwalt and Thiessen, used, Fair and balanced, NOT
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them! n#RememberOurVets 
@BuckyBirt: @13ascot81 @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice has caused me to like Brandi.
@bijobijo: @realDonaldTrump run for president, clear cut, stop the nonsense of current fools.
@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump awaiting your response on June 16. You would be the best ever.
@AmazinHOF The more I read about @realDonaldTrump the more I want him to be President. His directness &amp; honesty just makes sense.
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, @GregAbbott_TX, for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
Thank you very much for the nice story, I greatly appreciate it- 
.@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!
@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump The Don is our guy... the man who will set things straight. Donald Trump for President.
The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter
@stkhlder3: @crazymamaa @MsVivicaFox @realDonaldTrump omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi
Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.
@therealbigdt: @FoxNews @krauthammer @realDonaldTrump #Trump is the Real Deal, Baby. Thank you.
@jackson3pack: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal.
@TMoody: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes? @JebBush 
u201cKeep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.u201d - @JoelOsteen
@ryanamberwhite: Check it out, @realDonaldTrump, all the way from Wyoming! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@erikwill: @realDonaldTrump @CrainsChicago @TrumpChicago I appreciate the consistent focus on quality across Trump brands.
@puppyslug: I care about are country &amp; that is why ill vote for @realDonaldTrump if he runs he BETTER run coz Amercia needs saving &amp; FAST
@MaddyMcnabb: Love when @realDonaldTrump gives advice to entrepreneurs on twitter! It's a great motivatorud83dude0a Thanks.
@BeckyOmz: @JuvenIle  @thehill We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the world--leading!
@llluminatedOnes: Here we go! @ApprenticeNBC starts NOW on @NBC! Let's do this! @RealDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump  #CelebApprentice
@XimenaFansNR: @ximenaNR @realDonaldTrump Of course she is the BEST! No one will ever be better than she ud83dudc97
@jimdesch23: @realDonaldTrump this is the best Celebrity Apprentice all season. Love someone else is getting fired!!!
@Bobo_Shields: @realDonaldTrump is living proof that with hard work and dedication, you can accomplish your biggest dreams.
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts. 
@SheriffClarke: With Donald Trump today after my NRA-ILA speech in Nashville TN! 
Flashback u2013 Jeb Bush says  illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an u201cact of loveu201d 
@vidortwitt: @realDonaldTrump plz run for President and get this country back on track! Plzzzzz!
@hitwit_subroto: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends And I will be watching with great interest.
.@NicolleDWallace  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
@toddlerr: Donald Trump: MSM Investigation into Scott Walkeru2019s College a 'Double Standardu2019 - He's right #tgdn #tcot 
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
@MarcAardvark: @realDonaldTrump @ronmeier123 One of the best things I bought in 2014: @realDonaldTrump ties @Macys @amazon
@zoukit1: @realDonaldTrump I have to admit that The Donald would make one heck of a president. Especially with the problems USA is facing.
@Sal_lyann: @realDonaldTrump @LandExpo no wonder you are smiling
@S_C_mclane: @realDonaldTrump I would vote an infinite number of times for my man Trump! #Trump2016
The Great Irish Links Challenge @Trump_Ireland &amp; Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Donu2019t miss it. 
@dunn_cheri:  @SharylAttkisson Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals can't stand the fact that your are leading in the poll
@PzFeed: The glitziest jet in the sky. Donald spent $100 million on his Boeing 757. VIDEO: 
Macyu2019s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys 
via 
@thumpmomma: I likewise saw militant Muslims burning our flag and burning George Bush photos and figures, right after 9/11! Not#here!
@Mey: I don't know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for @realDonaldTrump #TeamTrump ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 
@Robby_Moreira: @realDonaldTrump If you became President we would immigrate to the United States of America. For sure! Nice.
@mindfreakeuropa: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 I concur! Donald please run, the country needs you!
@DanScavino: Bruce LeVell, former GOP Chairman of Gwinnett County (GA) endorsed @realDonaldTrump today. #TeamTrump 
@Pimpburgh2015: @KatyTurNBC @realDonaldTrump just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter. That's only because I'm being nice!
@ray_aub:  @nytimes @CNN People forget the policies of leaders like @JebBush allowed 9/11 killers to immigrate, drive, &amp; pilot planes
ICYMI, my speech from this past Saturday at the @NHGOP @FITNsummit via @cspann  
@hobbyath: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Brandi G. #getoffmyTV goes first hopefully
The new winter menu @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago explores the evolution of fine dining - @RobbReport 
@CeeCee928:  @MsVivicaFox PLS NOT @BrandiGlanville OR @KenyaMoore JUST BCUZ U R DRAMA DOESNT MEAN U SHOULD hEARN THE TITLE OR PRAISE
@themakaylamarie @realDonaldTrump is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! I'm for him 110%.  Thanks.
@TheButteryOne: @realDonaldTrump Oh god. I agree with you.
@tinkerbell5999: @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @ApprenticeNBC I guess this is the first family
Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.   
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
@tijfbutler: Greatest Easter greeting ever RTu201c@realDonaldTrump: I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!u201d
u201c@TurnberryBuzz the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crownu201d 
@wiccanfoxglove: @realDonaldTrump will you run? Can you get us out of the hole we are in? I want this nation to be strong &amp; proud!
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016 
Via @fitsnews by Will Folks: u201cu2019THE DONALDu2019 REBUKES OBAMATRADEu201d 
Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston &amp; their spouses. 
@JanetSpencer15: @realDonaldTrump excited you will be in Myrtle Beach this weekend. See you there!
@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Donald please run for president! You need to show Obama how a real man does it!
@Michelleri: Trump Leads as Bush Crashes 
@johnny4arizona: A Trump presidency would MAKE U.S GREAT AGAIN, MAKE MADE IN USA #1 , put more $$$ in pockets of EVERY AMERICAN #Trump2016
@rCoolJR: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016!!! You got our votes!!! Make it happen!!
@Dhami98Devin: As a 16 year old young man, I am very impressed that I haven't been able to put down 'The Art Of The Deal' Great book!
@BinkyBoo415: @realDonaldTrump must run &amp; must win! #2016
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
@HaKolBzman  you would make an awesome president. We need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around Thanks.
@KAMERAKEITH: @realDonaldTrump I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT OF POWER BUT BRINGING #JoanRivers BACK ... INCREDIBLE!!!
@grant_hose  I like @realDonaldTrump . He isn't fake. He tells you the truth not what you wanna hear.
I have been saying it for sometime now!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@luismp77: @realDonaldTrump Team Trump all the way!
@kobuck12: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump runs to help America become great again. You know he's not doing it to enrich himself like Clinton
@_trump4potus: Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly. #2016election #Trump2016
@allteamscards: @realDonaldTrump Great interview on #Letterman. Yes, we r going to miss him!
.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments.
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
@bringsjohn: Well, @realDonaldTrump has a point. But Caesar never filed for bankruptcy either. 
Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.
@MilitaryRosary @Scully64  @KarlRove @GOP most people like Trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought.
@liz0987: @realDonaldTrump Watching Celebrity Apprentice! I hope @BrandiGlanville wins!! Love her!
@DurandSentinus: Japan has faster trains &amp; better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK! @realDonaldTrump could easily fix!
@RealityTVBliss: If I was ever on #CelebrityApprentice, then I would want to be on the team with @IanZiering. #GivesHisAll @realDonaldTrump
@andrewwagner29: Its pretty clear that @realDonaldTrump would absolutely destroy HillaryClinton in a debate &amp; i really wanna see it happen.
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
@ClarkRogers123: @realDonaldTrump tellen it like it is such a Genius!!!!
@mollymaguires61: @politichick_ @nytpolitics @FoxNews @rupertmurdoch @GOP in bed together &amp; hate Trump.  Win it for the USA &amp; the 21st Cent
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him u2018fast tracku2019 authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
@lauralynn1955: @realDonaldTrump - @oreillyfactor loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced. Bill O is great.
@NatalieArdyss: @KenyaMoore don't get on @MsVivicaFox nerves you just join the team #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump kenya a troublemaker
@Margee11: WATCH @realDonaldTrump Fires Up the Crowd in Franklin, Tennessee 
I will be interviewed by  @GStephanopoulos on @ABC   at 10:00 A.M.
@shepherd_connor Great to see the future president back in Scotland. He is going to make Turnberry a very special place once it's finished!
@FlyOSUBuckeye1:Really hoping you announce a 2016 run soon! @Ford building more factories in Mexico! #EatingOurLunch 
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
@TN_RiverFolk: My 2016 Vote will B based on #MakeAmericaGreatAgain NOT Eminent Domainu25cfAmericans need 2Prioritize   
@DanRebellato: . @TMobile I bet they try to ignore the many mocking remarks they receive and wrongly think it makes them look dignified.
u201c@TrumpFerryPoint was something weu2019ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.u201d - @rubendiazjr
@ChadR73: Guess Barry Diller is afraid @realDonaldTrump is about to upset the crony applecart. #Trump2016 @Carl_C_Icahn An angry fool!
Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC here 
#TBT With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson 
Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
@iAmerican  All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Let's Go @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GetItDone
Thank you @TIME readers- a great honor! 
Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
@ClaytonMorris: Donald Trump is so far ahead in two key state polls.  
@ColdMud: I defy the Belgians or Japanese to produce something like a @realDonaldTrump. If that makes me an exceptionalist, I plead guilty
@mustafa_nadia:  @BNicehouse I agree! What America needs right now isn't a politician, but a businessman who can run America effectively.
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. 
@HGswiney: I want my vote to be for someone with values that can turn this nation around @realDonaldTrump. #Trump16
@curtismuddog:  @ByronYork Latest Poll shows Donald Trump winning 70% of Electoral Vote Against Hillary Clinton! 
@IsupportTrump16: @realDonaldTrump Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for ALL of us.
@tryeye @realDonaldTrump Very strong start, Mr. President! Thanks.
@hillarysusans: Getting ready for next week with @realDonaldTrump on Monday. @NHGOP @FoxNews
@lunar_kismet15: @champforr @megynkelly he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to Wharton business school
@jimparkey: @realDonaldTrump @donlemon @CNN great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick! Thank you!
@BalkesGirl: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC this show ROCKS!!!!
Dear @kimguilfoyle, Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!
True! 
@2big2bereal: @realDonaldTrump donald I don't have to tell you , your doing something right
@shelbz555: Love @IvankaTrump's dress! #CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump
@MalachiNorris: Just over a year before everyone hears DonaldTrump say I Donald Trump do solemnly swear that I will protect America
@Ipatriotmedia: Texans do not support RINOs We damn sure don't support #JebBush2016 Texans want leadership We want @realDonaldTrump.
@PALoeza: @realDonaldTrump America needs YOU. #trumpforpresident
@greengolf56: @realDonaldTrump Keep going Mr trump America needs you
@tiffyluck: @realDonaldTrump God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC.
Via @ BreitbartNews by @BobPriceBBTX: u201cDONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDERu201d 
@jbeanLLL: @realDonaldTrump you're the best! Can't imagine where you find the time! Thank you.
@FlyOSUBuckeye1: RUN Mr Trump! Run! #oreillyfactor @realDonaldTrump I doubt Sec Kerry EVER read Art Of The Deal
@Faithful_USA: I'm a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESN'T mean ILLEGAL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @RichLowry to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
.@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
@marko0524: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald Run
@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump @Robostop10 @politico How anyone could see him as president baffles me. Lies and insane theories.
@PaulaDuvall2: Before Mr. Trump's Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE.
@JoshuaEnglishh: @realDonaldTrump  every single real American needs to read #CrippledAmerica ! Beyond awesome I couldn't be more thrilled
@swterry91: Donald Trump Leads by 9 Points in Pew Poll u2013 Jeb Bush in Free Fall #tcot 
@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump @chirofrenzy I'm not, because if he runs the White House will be his.
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1:Donald Trump Slams Liberals In u2018Dishonest Pressu2019: u2018Iu2019m Going To Start Naming Namesu2019 
@ibemoshing: No hope for Jeb Bush anymore, @realDonaldTrump has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown 
@KNDetweiler: @hrkbenowen @thetimes @realDonaldTrump just released immigration plan is superior to everyone else's. Including Cruz.
@mwood_79:  @SharylAttkisson Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!
@Conman13: Great episode of celebrity apprentice! @realDonaldTrump #goodstuff #yourfired
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months  
Website Exposing Marco u2018Amnestyu2019 Rubio Goes Live: A u2018Donor Class Puppetu2019? - Breitbart    
@darbywelch: @realDonaldTrump #donaldtrump2016 
@MlSSTHOT: @realDonaldTrump I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump Thanks.
Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great news in Georgia!  The just out  Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow. 
@jsilva74366572:  @nicksibrodi vote for Trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis, china, lobbyists and everyone else
@MaxMacGruder: The man who would've kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. The ONLY real choice. #Trump2016
@AyrshireChamber: We got a look round the work being done at @TurnberryBuzz Looking great! #Ayrshire #Wellconnected 
@ShepherdGarrett: It doesn't matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people think  Keep It Up! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Via @TIME by @ZekeJMiller: u201cTrump Talks Politics at His Virginia Wineryu201d 
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
@SandraJenners: I love to see the respect you have shown to your parents, siblings and children. Proven Respect and Class needed in USA!
@jessibee35: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for creating a real realitea! That actually helps charity! #donaldforpresident #classact
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?
@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Donald, like it is! You continue to give us hope! This country needs you! Looking forward to June God Bless!
@JDCorbinPM: VIDEO: Donald Trump Issues Epic Promise to #Christians if Elected President 
@000HermanSJr000: You always do a #fantastic job @realDonaldTrump. You are indeed a #businessman &amp; #magnate to #emulate.
@tammyhorne19: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor love you trump
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
Congrats @TrumpWaikiki for winning @AmericanExpress Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014'  award!
@nurse4bebes: @realDonaldTrump Donald!!!! Please run for President! Our country needs you!!!
Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks! 
@BrianCraigShow: @realDonaldTrump your rocked &amp; won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! 
@ricd384: The United States of America needs a real man in the oval office. Mr. Donald Trump, America is ready for you. Lets do it'
@2timeslucky:  @DLake66675 @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 The more frightening the world is , the more safe we feel with  President Trump
@crazymamaa: @realDonaldTrump @alexpattillo that's a great book .. The art of the deal.
@FBeadon: @realDonaldTrump don't let the Keystone Pipeline die. The US needs to be good neighbors with Canada, and energy independent.
@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump will you still be on this hour @foxandfriends? Have been watching but nothing yet...  Yes, 7:30.
@saugat_p: @realDonaldTrump speaks the truth. Refreshing honesty. No politics BS.
.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing.
@ehShaun: @realDonaldTrump knows what he's talking about. Please don't give us another Bush as president.
Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight.
Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
@JerWaldorf: @LauraRHONC: Dear Mr. @realDonaldTrump, Please Fire Geraldo's Ass! Sincerely, All #CelebrityApprentice Viewers I second this
Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H.  
In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Letu2019s Make America Great Again!
@Vote_Trump:  Think about it. When's the last time a Prez actually did what he said? TRUMP does what he says. Will Be Greatest Prez Ever
@_Sierra03_: Really hope @realDonaldTrump decides to run for president. Would love for my first time voting for president to be for him.
I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016 n
@rmutt_17: @realDonaldTrump = A great man. Thanks.
@iliveamongyou: URGENT u201c@GOPu2026in an effort to destroy their own front runner.u201d #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@Malibu101834: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor I'll watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald.
Via @BreitbartNews: u201cDONALD TRUMP AT SUMMIT: OBAMACARE A u2018FILTHY LIE,u2019 CAN BUILD u2018A BEAUTYu2019 OF A BORDER FENCEu201d 
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!
@MichaelCohen212:  @BreitbartNews @NewDay @CNN @ABC @NBCNews yet, ChrisChristie claims absolutely did not happen in #NewJersey. #wrong!
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is situated on 600 acres overlooking the Potomac River. Beautiful!   
The townhall question segment of my @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation @JoshMcElveen 
Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
@lghaas30: @realDonaldTrump Glad to see George again on #CelebApprentice ud83dudc4dud83dudc4f
Done by a real fan! #TRUMP  n
@Incazzato2015: @realDonaldTrump Time for real change, TRUMP 16
Wow, great ratings for @ApprenticeNBC- 
@jpm05880: @realDonaldTrump @CNN TRUMP EVEN SHARPER THAN LAST WEEK!!YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL...
@_musicfreakalex: Enjoyed @ApprenticeNBC tonight! Awesome as always Mr. @realDonaldTrump
@JayeDaVaughn: Currently:_ @realDonaldTrump stirs the pot lmao @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice
@Colleen_VSU: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends just turned it on!! Can't wait to see you at #CPAC2015  Great.
@TristanDixon17: I always said I'd never vote but if @realDonaldTrump runs for president than he's got mine #trump2016
Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
@PressTV: Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup 
@melissabxny: @realDonaldTrump where did you get your boardroom table? Need to purchase one that size Cute!
@SamCadora: Take some of  that passion and energy and run for president already.sweet Jesus just run for President Make America great again
@AtheistWWonka: @realDonaldTrump @jakistheman by the time you're done everyone will be wearing a Trump tie
@JayDevereaux Ok Mr @realDonaldTrump, get beyond talking and start doing. Announce a run, don't just talk. 
I will be doing the @TodayShow live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
@willgalloway_: @realDonaldTrump when will you announce your 2016 decision? Btw we all know you're running! #Trump2016
Matt Harvey @Mets -- Don't let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
@lindaleereyes: @realDonaldTrump Great Job Donald!!! Can't waite for you to be President and neither can America!!
Great New Poll  
Via @limbaugh: u201cSee, Trump Told You Sou201d 
@RussOnPolitics: The GOP establishment: Republican voters think Donald Trump would be most electable nominee. 
@Hot_Steam_: As a professional handicapper @realDonaldTrump is a 3/5 favorite for presidency. #hotsteam #unload
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
Isn't it amazing that @CNN paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it
Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes,a smash! @NBCNews
@ellenEspence: @marklevinshow Thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of @realDonaldTrump  Thanks Mark!
@laffranchini: @BamarshallA @politico @realDonaldTrump he is right neither Bush or Romney should run. We need someone who is not a wimp
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
@AlbertoZambrano: @HeinzFGuderian   Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists
Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. 
Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!
@SAlmashaifari: Donald Trump All American Billionaire FULL 
@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!!
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@Barbie_Brooks: u201can entrepreneuru2019s ability to find strength when others want to run, hide, quit...u201d @realDonaldTrump
.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
@msann43: How can Illinois keep @realDonaldTrump off the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!
Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
@Christo20722105:  @TrussElise Conservatives, Dems, independents alike all want trump. There is no one else. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@sfurnbac: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for the great #SNL this week!!!
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
@nbcsnl: We're live from Studio 8H tonight. #SNL 
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  #Iran
.kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends As always Great Job Mr Trump!! Truth we all need to hear it! You gave us Hope!! We need it now!!
@mikerichterp: @realDonaldTrump I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate.
@KiernanProud: @realDonaldTrump so excited! Best show on television. #CelebApprentice
@DLake66675: @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 @realDonaldTrump his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur.
@HargraveGlobal: The world needs a leader like @realDonaldTrump !  Thanks.
Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time. 
@ShavaJu: @sternshow Please do another @realDonaldTrump interview. Come on now it's been long since you had him on your show. Can't wait
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
@TeamFallowwBack: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends - #Trump2016 ud83dudcafud83dudcafud83dudcafud83dudcaf
@MJP1370: @realDonaldTrump @TheFix @pbump We need Trump now! Obama isn't protecting Americans !!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
#CelebApprentice #TeamVortex or #TeamInfinity?
@TheFix: The Paris attacks have only made Donald Trump stronger 
@BillLester651: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Latinos for Trump believes in Trump
NPR's @NealConan said schlonged to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls. #Hypocrisy

@DJMIKEOL: @realDonaldTrump @one4eternity @jsager84 @IanZiering @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Run Donald Trump run. Run for POTUS.
@GOPJim_Davis: @realDonaldTrump Thoroughly enjoyed your speech in SC. Thanks Jim.
@ryan_smith10: @realDonaldTrump for President! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
@AppSame We are going to listen @realDonaldTrump If you are really running &amp; if you keep to your word You really have a great chance to win
@funton08: @realDonaldTrump @VenueMagazine_ @TrumpDoral That is beautiful
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
.@HighSock_Sunday #asktrump 
@bludosky2014: 721 Fifth Avenue One of the most visually striking skyscrapers ever built, the original Trump Tower 
@Politics_Reddit: That feminist who called out Trump last night? She's a Jeb intern. 
@brizzzzzle: Watching Celebrity Apprentice and missing Joan Rivers u2639 @joanrivers @realDonaldTrump
I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!
Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal
LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald 
@goldregime: I'm sold on @realDonaldTrump, #TRUMP for president!
@Hopeisalive66: We need a REAL change. @realDonaldTrump you are the only1who can stand up&amp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
Via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites: u201cDonald Trump: I Can Make America Great Againu201d 
Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
@thatsoundstasty: The baby in the background got hit in the face with flying pie! #poorthing #DidYouSeeThat #CelebApprentice
@AlfredoeOrtega: Outstanding speech at the Republican Leadership Summit, Mr. @realDonaldTrump Thank you.
Just watched @Patriots Bill Belichicku2019s news conference. He did a great jobu2014smart, concise, truthful!
@piersmorgan: Why @realdonaldtrump nailed SNL. My new column. 
@kathystone1221: @realDonaldTrump @therealbigdt @FoxNews @krauthammer #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump#usa....Trump 2016 !!!
@IzzyIrelandXXX: We need @realDonaldTrump as President. A great business man will get this country out of debt and back on it's feet
@Alex_Boxwell: Just announce already @realDonaldTrump Stay tuned.
@SHAWSHANK5: @realDonaldTrump @AJ_13_Hulton Why not run for president? You are the best for America and the world
@sweetiee1s: @sweetiee1s: @ACTUALLYDOMINIC @realDonaldTrump @peachespulliam I agree. Kate needed the boot. Her time will come
Does everyone remember   @MittRomney and his famous remarks about self-deportation and 47%. He was done. I don't need his angry advice!
@michaelsdevine: I kinda hope @RealGilbert sticks around for a while just for moments like that #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC
Viau00a0@fitsnews: The Donald Trump Show Is Returning To SC: BILLIONAIRE MOGUL HEADS BACK TO PALMETTO STATE 
@morangary61: @realDonaldTrump we need one smart PRESIDENT.. Trump#
Via @latimesu2019 @LATshowtracker:u201cMonday's TV Highlights:@ApprenticeNBCon @nbcu201dn
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.  
@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @tshakro Yes Yes Yes I'm so sick of lying politicians
u201c@HoganSeaisle129: @realDonaldTrump who who who ... Say it just say it #CelebApprenticeu201d Watch and see what happens!
@BretBaier: .@realDonaldTrump's reaction that @LindseyGrahamSC is dropping out of the 2016 race. Your thoughts? 
@guthrie_kelley: @realDonaldTrump AMEN. Thank you Trump
@ToryIreland: @realDonaldTrump ONLY #TRUMP2016 has what it takes to STOP Hillary Rodham Clinton! StopHillary #NoBama 
Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time!
@norahs1967: @realDonaldTrump please please please run for president!!!
@THR: Trump's Wife, Children Open Up About GOP Candidate: Thereu2019s No One Else Like Him 
@Gingerxoxoxoxo: @realDonaldTrump: .@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.@VerizonWireless is the best
@tasteofaz: Poll: Trump Surges to 42% Nationally; u2018Bad News for Marco Rubiou2019 
@marino_joanna: @realDonaldTrump the hooters cruise is a bust literally
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.n -- Phil Mickelson
@RickSt.  How many MSM outlets will carry a clip of @realDonaldTrump leaving the podium to enter a crowd &amp; listen to the concerns of a VET?
@matt_med @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016! Has a nice ring to it! You have my vote! Please run!
I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A @TwitterNYC. Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump 
@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump To fix America requires SUPERMAN but there is ONE BETTER -  DJT  We must MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@MasterBaxter8: How can I help with your campaign. Whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done. Road to the WH ends with Trump!
Via @AP by @kronayne &amp; @colvinj: Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheeringn
@DillyDoesIt Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a President? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@iintend: DonaldTrump At one time you were 900 million in debt and you came back. You never flinched. You have to respect that.  Thank you
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
@BrandyDianeK2: @realDonaldTrump @davist19  That's awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!
@Stevieboy_63 @TalkerNewYorker  @5gentexan  Hi Katie, let's get Donald Trump in the WH. He's the man to get this country back in order!
@yayala19: @politico WHEN THE OTHER CANDIDATES ARE TALKING POLITICS TRUMP IS TALKING SOLUTIONS. HE IS THE MOST TALENTED CANDIDATE.
@JanzenErika: @BillRancic  @ApprenticeNBC Thank you for reminding me watch/ set my pvr for The Apprentice tonight! Thank you Bill.
@ddpick18: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @hughhewitt I get pissed off every time I see his ads on Fox. Waste of money! Go Trump!  Many do!
.@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
@TheguhMantap: @realDonaldTrump you are next President USA Make America Great Again!
@john_franco: When people start losing their savings &amp; home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The girlfriend of Lubitz, the  wacko co-pilot who took down the plane, knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell
@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Sir. With all dew respect, you OWE it to the American ppl to do ultimate SACRIFICE be the Man &amp; RUN.
@DRODELL76: Have never voted in a presidential election but when i do @realDonaldTrump will get my vote! #trump4president
@BigBrett45: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD.....
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it.
@RDVarley: @realDonaldTrump @BretBaier congratulations. You area true patriot!
Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! @GovWalker
I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ
@freedoms411: @wakeuppeopleSOS @mitchellvii  @CNN @ABC @CBS It shouldn't be ignored, and I doubt it will be, Carson will drop in polls.
@dtbeasley: @nashvillebiz @NSHBIZSichko @realDonaldTrump he also bought the beach property adjacent to Mar-A-Lago from Jack Massey. True!
My @KWWL int. from @WartburgCollege discussing how politicians have failed us &amp; Making America Great Again! 
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
@WillDangelo: Sunset reflects on @realDonaldTrump tower in Las Vegas. What a view! 
@one4eternity: !!!!!!! RT @realDonaldTrump: Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.
@Luismamh11: DonaldTrump u201cMoney was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
.ccolvinj @AP is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
@irismorales67: @realDonaldTrump @ClayMKopplin I just hate when #CelebrityApprentice ends cuz IT TAKES SO LONG FOR A NEW SEASON!
@KremlinLife: @realDonaldTrump President Trump #Trump2016 
I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends  AT 7:30 -NOW!
@JPJAC: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate???  Good question!
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
@StevenCena35: @realDonaldTrump look awesome in Home Alone 2 lost New York you look great in the movie today in @ABCFamily
@ebs366: @realDonaldTrump @stephanienap5 What's up cutting season so short. Very disappointing. Still a Great show but way to fast.
@cadigirl13: @realdonaldtrump You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump Thank you.
There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL &amp; REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.n -- Winston Churchill
The polls are really looking goodu2014#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. Iu2019m turning down millions.
@TheBrodyFile: The HUGE @TheBrodyFile DonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow (Friday) on @700club. @ABCFamily channel at 10am ET.
Fact u2013 the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. The criminals will always have guns.
@njoh1234: Great show! good time to replay past 'relationships' lol Hope Leeza wins! Would love to see NYC &amp; Trump Towers one day!
@BrianBl43802294 @JohnKasich Trump is not controlled by donors,special interests,Lobbyists like U.Ur a total puppet.Trump is working 4 U.S.
I'll be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
@RuizSeferino:  @paulfincher2 Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
@ArsenalHobbo Just finished watching celebrity apprentice @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump on the BBC great work guys for such a good cause
@Rick_Sa: @greta Interesting presidential race; Carson tries to beat his mom with a hammer, and @realDonaldTrump beats Carson in the polls!
@Dustin_Sloane: Kate Gosselin is low key good at these tasks @Kateplusmy8 #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump
@97Musick: @AC360 @CNN The sold to lobbyists candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win.
@M_Foresta: @realDonaldTrump I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning.
@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump @YankeeRunnerLV You need to be the President
@pbstwo: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic. True.
@laurencristmann: @realDonaldTrump @topcota1SG @PhxKen i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP in MAY and NOVEMBER  Thanks.
@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump You need to Run For President.
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
@yayala19:  @marcorubio WHAT THE LOBBYISTS, THE MEDIA AND CAREER POLITICIANS WILL DO NEXT TO TRY TO STOP TRUMP? SILENT MAJORITY IS BACK
Via @foxnewslatino by @GeraldoRivera: u201c@ApprenticeNBC Diary: And Now There Are Twou201d 
@TJoanides: @realDonaldTrump I have a huge problem with the Celebrity Apprentice. It's only on once a week! #BingeViewer Sorry!
.#Celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win?
@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES! MAKE IT HAPPEN!
.@ZachJohnsonPGA  You're one of the truly great competitiors. Iu2019ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
@Kellmat2: @realDonaldTrump @RD_2008 @JebBush Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster.
@KFRGHeather: Watching Home Alone 2 with the little. Didn't know @realDonaldTrump was on it! Love The Donald!
@cclkm: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly Run Donald Run!
I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
ICYMI, @IvankaTrumpu2019s @waytooearly int. w/@ThomasARoberts on @ApprenticeNBC's firings,Trump Intu2019l DC &amp; @MissUniverse 
@JohnFromCranber: Donald Trump: Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than Obama 
@tvegan: DonaldTrump your kicking everyone's ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!
I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people!
Iu2019m a conservative, but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other, whereas liberals unite to win.
@JulesSiscoe: The Complete @realDonaldTrump Interview: Getting Things Done 
@Bravolebrity1 LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera Ratings for #CelebrityApprentice have been at an all time high! #1
@CrisJensen: @realDonaldTrump @25whitney @ApprenticeNBC @IvankaTrump it definitely is in this household :) Great job sir.
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
@JackPaalay: @realDonaldTrump The King of Turnberry! Fabulous! What an amazing place!
.@MarieLeff #asktrump 
@TurnberryBuzz: Today is a memorable day, the team has begun to turf our new pitch &amp; putt! 
@JohnnnnyT: @realDonaldTrump blew it away on @FallonTonight. The ratings will be HUUUGE.
.@JonahNRO You stated that I started u201crelentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...u201d  Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!
@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.
@beauty_dhope: @realDonaldTrump you would be phenomenal in office,I am truly a big fan of what you stand for. Thank you.
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly
@svn2hd: @realDonaldTrump Crippled AMERICA is a must read. So right. Great job on another best seller.
.@FloydMayweather  Good luck tonight Floyd.
@sjbatis: @realDonaldTrump Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! #Trump2016 
.@politico, which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
AIR FORCE TRUMP: AHEAD OF 2016, THE DONALD SLAMS ROMNEY, BUSH IN SOUTH CAROLINA 
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
@PamKing8628: @MTCPhotography @LeezaGibbons @realDonaldTrump #TeamLeeza thnx u for ur support 
@linley4067_jane: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse.
@housecalls1228: @realDonaldTrump Sure wish you'd get off the pot and start pissing off this Fed Gov by running for Pres.You've got my vote
@MarkFleming22: u201cIf you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - @realDonaldTrumpu201d
@jaycatalyst1: @realDonaldTrump Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point.
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration  
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with.
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews.
@MariaFotedis: Please run @realDonaldTrump you will win. We need you
Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough.
@CharlesMarino8: @3DOT  DonaldTrump preach it brother! First election I've been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact
When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, Mexico is sending...., which turned out to be true?  El Chapo
@SebuFrick: After watching 2h Trump interviews, I came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016 #Trump2016 #?
@macaronipizzaa: @realDonaldTrump would make everything better if he ran for president lol I agree.
@JustSoldCom: Finally a real American running America!! @realDonaldTrump
@keithwmcandrew: Who will @realDonaldTrump fire?!? Will there be a #catfight in the boardroom?!? @ApprenticeNBC #CelebrityApprentice
@Hurry2live: #37years @realDonaldTrump finished building of 68-story  skyscraper, Trump Tower, in New York. More facts in @Hurry2Live app
@delans: Trump Tower is not a building, it is an event! - Donald Trump
It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild
@HarryPlush: Think @realDonaldTrump would be a great President
There is. 
@eric_wagaman94: Super excited to watch @realDonaldTrump tomorrow night on @nbcsnl #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Via @Zawya: u201cTrump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home du00e9coru201d 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
Our online campaign store is open! Visit 
@TrumpsGucciGirl: @realDonaldTrump: oh yeah @megynkelly you don't want it to be all about Trump- he's # 1 not #17
@IanZiering: @johndherz thanks for letting me use your @realDonaldTrump sketch tonight on  You're Pencilcasso! 
@gmail_maa: @realDonaldTrump: @litleredhairgrl: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump #CelebrityApprentice way to go Shawn Johnson! #foreal
@CaptTimScrim: Dear @megynkelly , your attempted hatchet job on @realDonaldTrump was unbecoming &amp; a total failure. @FoxNews
Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET
@Mr_Babble: @brandeenscott21: @realDonaldTrump @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs we sure could use someone who cares about America
@TitanicQueen @LadySandersfarm What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!
Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
@lmp999: @realDonaldTrump George  Will you retire  Please
@TwallMa: @realDonaldTrump. He is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done! Excellent book! 
@seanhannity: @realDonaldTrump on sending 50 Special Ops Forces troops to Syria: This country needs to be less predictable.u201d
@sugarhoney157: @realDonaldTrump He really is a great business man and gets the job done right. So true!
I will make this right for our great Vets!
The French police are afraid to go into many  communities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed, franchise in ruins! @nbc
@ellemae63: @realDonaldTrump no surprise! You are the man! Thank you!
.@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
The great @MarianoRivera in my office with my son @EricTrump- 
@JaayZen: @realDonaldTrump @chriswerner1988 Run Donald Run! @seanhannity
@bawl: I agree @BillKristol hasn't be right about anything in a very long time. Shocking that @Morning_Joe gives him a platform.
@realDonaldTrump  I'm an activist, so I'm used 2 that &amp; I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire Trump  Thank you, nice.
@LaurenDa123: @realDonaldTrump I think @JebBush and @marcorubio are supposed to be on this stage
@melsthemom @realDonaldTrump NBC=censorship. I'm done with them
@JamersonHayes: My man @realDonaldTrump is what a president should be
@jaxx613: @realDonaldTrump @Renhowe @donlemon @CNN . Mark Levin interview was great
@KsRedbirds13: @realDonaldTrump for president. No better candidate than Mr Trump. 
@MrMet41: @rosannascotto @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump The Donald gets things done #Trump2016
@eva_rider: Ted Cruz Backs Trump about securing the borders. Nothing has been done for decades. 
@TrumpNewMedia: @carrillo_pete ILLEGAL ALIENS FOUND GUILTY OF MURDERING BORDER PATROL AGENT 
@realJoeMurray:  #CelebrityApprentice is the best reality show on tv. This season was worth the wait! Now run for president, Mr. Trump!
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
@jgriffith615: @MikeSington @realDonaldTrump stayed there many times its #FABULOUS
Via @DMRegister :u201c@brentroske on Politics: Trump Talks Iowau201d 
@southsalem: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump b4 christie jeb schumio @oreillyfactor
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!
@catham11: @realDonaldTrump Congrats Trump it's a great locationud83cudfe2ud83cudfeb
Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at @NHGOP @FITNsummit!. Let's Make America Great Again! #FITN
@WordgirlSmith @realDonaldTrump Please keep telling all of America that jobs, jobs, jobs are important to us because YOU ARE RIGHT!!!
@susansmeltzer: @realDonaldTrump @Bravolebrity1 @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera cant wait!!! Took day off. :)
@Sir_Max: andreajmarkley: Rubio finally gets an endorsement u2013 from #Benghazi loser Gowdy #Tcot #pjnet 
Go to @greta show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
@blondesforjesus: @FoxNewsSunday Loving @realDonaldTrump interview. #TrumpSwagger #ChrisWallace Thank you.
@Presidency2016: Dr Ben Carson @RealBenCarson will just need to sweat it out until Donald Trump leaves the White House on 20 January 2025.
@Mannamalistic: I'm s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love @realDonaldTrump. He speaks the truth!
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!
@CharmianNeary: @realDonaldTrump @NYDNHammond @NYDailyNews @klnynews JCOPE secret proceedings render it useless. Time to close it down.
@pare900: @HAJMAJA @realDonaldTrump Trump wants low taxes, strong defense and jobs . Trump is good at creating jobs.
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump you sound really presidential on @foxandfriends 2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win
Via @fitsnews:  Donald Trump Knows How To (Tea) Party - THE DONALD PLANS SPLASHY LANDING IN MYRTLE BEACH, S.C. 
@BornToBeGOP @DanScavino  Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT 
@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor - We need Trump as President!
@realtysteve: Mr. Trump, I have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life, and you would be a great prez!
@cospy8: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN WAY ahead in all the polls that matter. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
@Barbara_NC:  Trump did not need 2acquire wealth &amp; power, owes nothing to anyone. Candidates owe their backers 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
Remember when failed candidate @JebBush said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago. 
Watch, listen, and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. Donald Trump
@kicknback123: @realDonaldTrump is a master negotiator. Obama can't even operate a toaster. #oreillyfactor
@TIMENOUT: @CNN @donlemon congratulations Don that was a great interview @realDonaldTrump
.@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words
@IToldYouMonsoon: @realDonaldTrump @JonahNRO @NRO @BretBaier why does @greta put you on hers? Because I get great ratings-and other reasons
I think @megynkelly should take another eleven day unscheduled vacation.
@ClassySnobbb: @realDonaldTrump AMAZING interview. You and your family will be great role models for America!!!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@Rketeltas:  Every time Trump is gracious enough to do a MSM interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions, why is that.
@ChristineMMoran: @realDonaldTrump great show !!! 
.@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
Thank you! 
@TrumpFix: I swear, Donald is getting better, bolder, brasher, and more kick ass with every event/intvw he does! HE WILL WIN!
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office) 
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do.
.@BradPaisley came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy. 
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
@Tea_Alliance: @realDonaldTrump @bobbybnews The establishment fears Trump! They are afraid to make America great again.
@DCnumerology: @realDonaldTrump @VeneziaMatthew TRUMP IS THE MAN
@deannecox777:  @SharylAttkisson Because she shoots straight like you do, Mr Trump. No bullsh!t. Just TRUTH! #FactCheck #QuitHatin'
What is Obama thinking? 
@DannyBo4455:  @mcgranejt @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100% terrified of you !!
@TheXTOR: @dixiefriedsport @sportstalksc @realDonaldTrump that is genius.
@therealtommydel Trump for President!  Tom Brady as running mate?
Today's @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!
@Jdoran1021: @realDonaldTrump next weeks show has me on edge of my seat already!!! It will be best EVER!
.@TheHill- Trump on Boehner resignation: 'It's a good thing' 
@LeaDiLiberto: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump You in danger, girl!
@TheBingle:Only reason DonaldTrump would run for president is his love for country.He has everything already &amp; doesn't need aggravation
Wow, Mitt Romney didn't  know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! @FoxNews
@RageFelix:  @GovernorPataki ... I LIVED IN NY WHEN TACKY PATAKI WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
@BrandoBarton: @MikeSington @realDonaldTrump so excited about another season of #TheApprentice
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump this country needs you!!
@GriffinTimothy: @realDonaldTrump I bet ur great in bed  True!
@carriejo4ever: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo..he's the man to beat..!
@SpecialKMB1969: @nbcsnl  @realDonaldTrump was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it! #TrumpTrainSNL #TrumpOnSNL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@MsGiantsFan: @CoastGuardFound @AngelGirl722 @realDonaldTrump Great to hear!
.@JonahNRO  You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!  @NRO
@PeritusTraining: @realDonaldTrump Don't worry Democrats, Donald will make America great again for you too 
@greta: Huffington Post has @realDonaldTrump in first place in the polls 
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R.
@HoboWill: @realDonaldTrump you are convincing me more and more..  That's good news!
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!
@john_dipaolo: @realDonaldTrump will get out disaffected Repub base voters as well as Democrats looking for a real choice on immigration.
@XNVGX: @realDonaldTrump @islandxxgirl we need the real Donald Trump to RUN for president ud83dudc4dud83dudc4c
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago has won many awards &amp; accolades, as has Sixteen, its signature restaurant.  
@Mayhemsolis @realDonaldTrump any tips on staying motivated? Keep focused on your goals. Think about them daily-- &amp; don't lose momentum.
.@BretBaier  Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.
@FoxNewsInsider:  U.S. Is a 'Laughingstock,' Obama 'Has No Clue What He's Doing' 
My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa 
I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!
@ASEDawg89: @realDonaldTrump so many women to fire. Gonna be a cat fight
@SportingBecky: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr #CelebrityApprentice tonight @IvankaTrump @IanZiering
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!
Good luck to the US Menu2019s National Team in tomorrowu2019s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!  It should be a great game!  
@RealSQUEZZ: I LOVE @REALDONALDTRUMP BECAUSE HE''S BRAVE, FEARLESS AND HE 'S GOT WILL-POWER TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD!!! #VoteTrump2016
GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY @ 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! @TrumpFerryPoint
@Neilleon_ @realDonaldTrump sir! Thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues.
@VMilaccio: #DonaldTrump was right about #RosieODonnell. She is a no talent loser who deserves her comeuppance. @realDonaldTrump
@Jerry_Zhang_: Looking forward to season 14 of @ApprenticeNBC! @realDonaldTrump
@mckee16365: @realDonaldTrump I registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license. #Trump2016
@LTaustin_: #CelebrityApprentice is my favorite reality show right now ud83cudfacud83dudcb0 S/O @realDonaldTrump
@ericleebow: @realDonaldTrump Hope you finally run for President. That should be your new year's resolution. Good thought!
@cpetelis: @realDonaldTrump I have been hearing Mitt Romney might run. He doesn't know nothing. You do. He had his chance and he blew it!
Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump via Washington Examiner  
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
@javonniandjeno: @realDonaldTrump @AP @nbc Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood, the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!
@RKornackiPSU: @realDonaldTrump See you Saturday in Greenville, SC to hear more! Great.
@DebrachoPaola: Donald Trump is the hope of America!  @realDonaldTrump
@JohnA553: @realDonaldTrump Don you have to run
@LikeFineWine63: @realDonaldTrump You ROCK and I ud83dudc97u!
@Asmurfinmypants: I can't wait to vote for @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Via @EW by @DaltonRoss: u201crecap: 'Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump'u201dn  
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.
Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 3:20PM! 
Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
u201cPolling strong, Donald Trump starting to get seriousu201dn  
@BentleyforTrump: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT We need a wall not a Rubio
Obamau2019s offer to Iran will not stop Iranu2019s breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
@Priece714: watching #CelebApprentice makes me u2764ufe0f @realDonaldTrump even more
@CoachAbda: Please don't change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!
@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @JoeNBC @keichri I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people
@Svingali: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Can't wait for @megynkelly to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!  Won't happen!
u201cScore one for the Donald in his battle with @AGSchneiderman.u201d 
@Belle_2016: @greta I would vote for @realDonaldTrump for President with @marcorubio as vice president. That would work for people in Fla.
@movieloverjohn: @realDonaldTrump its time 2 run 4 president &amp; #trumpthecompetition
@MikeLongoNYC: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday! Can't wait for the announcement on Tuesday, I'll be there!
Via @bostonherald by @ ChrisCassidy_BH: Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq 
@joannepascal: @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realDonaldTrump #TheDonald HAS MY VOTE......PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT
Via @CBSNewYork: u201c@TrumpFerryPoint Opens In The Bronxu201d 
@KimJongSean: @realDonaldTrump this will be my first ever vote in a presidential election, would love to see you on the ballot!
u201c@limbaugh: 'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'u201dn  
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
@BackOnTrackUSA @JulUSN @Macys Donald, I love your ties. Just set up a website online &amp; millions of us will continue to buy your products.
Via @TWtravelnews by Robert Silk: u201cRenovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once againu201d 
@bewhatjesuswas: @oreillyfactor @FoxNews You dominate not because of them-but despite them;They need you more than you need them
@GinHay: Trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on @jimmyfallon tonight. The young people are going to love him!
@OAV95: I'm the one person who can make this country great again, nobody else can- @realDonaldTrump 
.@megynkelly   Sorry, there was only one breakout star this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!
@ModerateMic: .DonaldTrump: Ask @ScottWalker why he left 1,000+ WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the @paysbig Potawatomi
@RealPro4Real: Vote for @realDonaldTrump &amp; Stop Hillary! She is running for Bill's 3rd Term! @politico @GOP @SpeakerBoehner
@purpleheartwife: @realDonaldTrump you have some military caregivers in FL ready to back you! @sherrimarie73 Thanks, call Corey.
.@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I wonu2019t forget.
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork and @TrumpToronto for the @WSJ coverage on perks in luxury hotels: 
@Kleptocratia: @realDonaldTrump @scooper1949P me too, Donald Trump for President!
@erintighe_: @realDonaldTrump your the only person who really wants to save America
@SarahLynEllis: I'm loving this Celebrity Apprentice season!@realDonaldTrump @ShawnJohnson @IvankaTrump The Donald is the best! #YoureFired
@iuhoops2015 @realDonaldTrump it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again! 
@aduanebrown New CNN/ORC poll: @realdonaldtrump #1 w/ 24% -- favorability rating on the rise while Jeb's declines. 60% among women!!
@GirlDayTrader: Our new President will provide something we've never had before. #TRUTH even if it hurts. #Trump 
Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
@NickEgoroff: BREAKING: Latest poll of Florida voters shows enormous lead for Trump! He'd beat Hillary! 
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
@connie_lee1: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!
Just arrived at @trumpdoral for the @cadillacchamp starting tomorrow- 
@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump is ahead of Most Republican candidates and he hasn't even warmed up yet. America Needs #Trump2016 !Thanks
@NatashaOwnfan: @realDonaldTrump @RockinJoe1 Just let me know when we can start calling you President Trump, OK I can't wait.  Watch.
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!
Looking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!
@meltsch: @realDonaldTrump @peenerad What a sad lineup the republicans have, most we never heard of . They have nothing to inspire us.
Isnu2019t it interesting that now that Iu2019m #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
@BlueWaterDays: A visionary who loves America &gt; @realDonaldTrump  Thanks.
@iluvbks1: @realDonaldTrump I live in NJ &amp; you've got that right! NJ wants ChrisChristie OUT of NJ! #tellingitlikeitis
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!
The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!
@julsberg1723: @realDonaldTrump @toddinwichita I'll sign up too. Where? When? I'm ready.
#ChrisWallace, who interviewed me on Sunday, had his highest ratings since Feb of '09. Congratulations!  
@discjocke52: If the 2016 #GOP presidential field is so deep, why is DonaldTrump beating so many of their 'stars'? 
Despite what the haters and losers like to say, I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW, the preeminent gaming company, Caesars, just did.
@DavidBodner: So excited for #thecelebrityapprentice cant wait to see what @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump have in store for us this season!
Via @WashTimes by @dsherfinski 
Paulina @MissUniverse Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
@J_ennaLeigh: What an amazing hotel. Worth every penny and then some. Thank you @TrumpWaikiki @realDonaldTrump 
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
@j_maziarz: @realDonaldTrump @kevinjonas glad he's back.
@RoniSeale: BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLE'S POTUS #2016GOPNOMINATION #TRUMP2016 #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAI  
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd.
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!
@ShortCakesSheep: @realDonaldTrump @roswell2001 @kevinjonas @RealGilbert agree!!!
@tudybone4: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends got up extra early to watch Mr. Trump's interview #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Great.
Via @MailOnline Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top-  
@Bubbachitchat1: THIS IS WHY THE POLLS ARE WRONG! @Hanan_Khan2: I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump! #democratsfortrump
@princessrisssss: I am SOO super excited to watch @ShawnJohnson and DonaldTrump on tonight!! Two of my favorite people ever. SHE IS GREAT.
@SimplemanGreen: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @nbc what a cool cast this time
#TBT With @britneyspears 
@RKMCPHERSON2014: Tonights, The GOP aka @realDonaldTrump show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??
@tlp_tracylee: @realDonaldTrump Was Gilbert good? @terrellowens Cough cough cough
@RealMissCTusa: Excited to see who will win #CelebrityApprentice next Monday! Such a great season. @realDonaldTrump
Must read opinion piece by @Gallup CEO Jim Clifton: u201cThe Big Lie: 5.6% Unemploymentu201d 
I guess @edshow is a lot smarter than dopes like @JonahNRO &amp; @stephenfhayes. Oh well, both mags are dying anyway. 
@nolehace:  @DCnumerology @VeneziaMatthew #Trump #thedonald 3M followers, ck the other candidates-do the math. #trump echoes Americans
I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America!
@vargo0515: I believe its going to take that kind of tenacity, &amp; business sense get, AMERICA back up, and politicians have done nothing!
@JohnLegere: .@naughtoriousBIG @realDonaldTrump u am sure Dinald is proud to have your support  Are you drunk John? Also, T-Mobile sucks!
@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump Tell um to get out the check book Donald  Believe me, I would!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
@_WillChristoph: Can @realDonaldTrump Just Fire Kate Gosselin Just Because? #CelebApprentice
Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
Mexicou2019s totally corrupt govu2019t looks horrible with El Chapou2019s escapeu2014totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis 
@Justice41ca: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I'm watching it again right now in California
@kpdelbridge: FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain! @seanhannity
@Joe3957: @realDonaldTrump @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Do it.
@cyber1980: @realDonaldTrump @todaysrealmusic @ApprenticeNBC @nbc great show better than the wwe lol
Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before! 
@jackmarchione: @realDonaldTrump Loved the show!
@derektheeight: Will be interesting to see how many times Jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found...
Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belong--out of the big picture.
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  
@zrill: @realDonaldTrump just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest, will you run? #Trump2016  Watch.
@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump Ivanka said it and you said it too, you'll be great for women. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
@about_life: @realDonaldTrump Silent Warriors 4 Trump 2016 - Vets! Letu2019s Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump2016@gmail.com
@Trading: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game - Donald Trump
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews - Enjoy!
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
@STL_Blonde: I believe ... no I KNOW that @realDonaldTrump would be a better president than HillaryClinton.
@cstace1: @realDonaldTrump has already won the election #Trump2016
@JoeWeissnmb @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 Walker &amp; Bush want to be like Trump. My Mom88 They sound like boys compared to Trump.
u201cFace reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.u201d - @jack_welch
@afievoli: @realDonaldTrump We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!
@Scott__Marx  Can't wait to hear @realDonaldTrump run for president and fix our country! #TRUMP2016
@luvsleopard2: @billybush @realDonaldTrump the music always gives it such a dramatic effectud83dude31
People ask, why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @JebBush when he is so low in the polls? Because of his big $ hit ads on me!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@Thameena10: @TODAYshow I'm saying.. @MsVivicaFox really laid down the smack last night!! ud83dude02 had to pick up my jaw! #GhettoFabulous
@BernieSandner: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I'm ready for the show tomorrow night.
.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
Thanks Eric. 
@DoomsdayFAN: @realDonaldTrump President Trump ... has a nice ring to it. Trump2016  Thank you.
@TrumpUSA16: Trump is the only leader with plan expertise passion to bring back jobs/companies to USA #Trump2016 
@FoxNews: .@Rub: @jorgeramosnews should've disclosed his daughter works for HillaryClinton &amp; Univision is being sued by @realDonaldTrump.
By popular demand I will be tweeting during tomorrow's record 14th season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on @nbc at 9/8c 
@GWONDER6: First election I can vote in... I want @realDonaldTrump to run for president.
I look forward to tonight's debate -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump @smxtty_ U would make a damn good one
@britanniagolf  Love the proposed changes for Trump Turnberry's Ailsa Course @realDonaldTrump Thanks. It will be fantastic!
@valerieannt:  @DRUDGE_REPORT @JebBush Jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina u2013 great #u2019s 
Via @examinercom by @Mellyora13: u201cTrump: Was Benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister?u201d 
@DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads... 
@MulletGang2020: Ok @realDonaldTrump i saw the interview on #FoxNews I hope you run!
@ReidCindy: @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons @MsVivicaFox @realDonaldTrump best top three ever &amp; so much respect for MsFox! #CelebApprentice
Hope we all enjoy  @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
.@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump Always look forward to Monday nights! #CelebrityApprentice
Thanks! 
@g_pluth: @RedNationRising Hats off to @realDonaldTrump for sticking it to liberal msm. @DMRegister A horrible newspaper, failing badly.
Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field 
@dan_numba: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas you are the best mr trump
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @kpdelbridge @seanhannity I'm a veteran. I'm not offended by Trump
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory.
@JJJ2323: Treated myself to a few nights in Trump Tower in Chicago. All I can say is ..WOW. You know how to look after your guests
@JodiL792: @realDonaldTrump I wouldn't be watching at all!!! Honestly!
Via @fitsnews by @TaylahhKane:nDonald Trumpu2019s Refreshing Lack Of A Filter 
@___LisaMichelle: So excited. You got this Brandi! @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump
Via @WashTimes by @CharlesHurt: Donald Trump declares war on lying, street-hustlers of Congressu201dn  
@Dm1one: Not feeling well today, but I must take the time 4 #CelebrityApprentice &amp; #JoanRivers #CelebApprentice Great Season!
@bensardella: All class on #CelebApprentice by @terrellowens - good job TO! cc @realDonaldTrump
.@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @FoxNews - he really gets it!
Tonight's official count--7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016 
@SkyGlideUSA  One of the most elegant and amazing hotels in Vegas. #thetrump hotel. Our company loved it there.@realDonaldTrump Thank you.
@Allibiis: @realDonaldTrump @ArtPar17 @CNN story is bogus. Donald Trump has the most diverse group of voters/supporters in the GOP field.
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: Trump hires Lewandowski as presidential run eyed 
Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
@Prochekhomeinsp: Would be the greatest start to the new Year that I could ever imagine!!! Happy New Year Mr. Trump and Team!!!
@customwww @Clare_OC @Forbes  Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC &amp; will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth.
Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
I absolutely support Kateu2019s Lawu2014in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
@mikeezepek: @DLoesch Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness, the non-PC guy. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@gse_says: Overwhelming wins by @realDonaldTrump in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election.
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
@realbigstriper: @ChrisCuomo Pew poll: @realDonaldTrump holds commanding lead @CNNPolitics 
u201cDonald Trump launches new men's fragrance-- Empire -- @Macys Because every man has his own empire to build'u201d 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-
@mysteriousLoser: @realDonaldTrump did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance Yes, he is a crude dope!
Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloidu2014saving money I assume!
@NH1News: .@realDonaldTrump is coming to NH1 News HQ! Have questions? Reply, let us know, 5pm on @WBINTV #nhpolitics #FITN
@ericbolling: The Establishment GOP out in force tonight trying to discredit @realDonaldTrump Congrats Donald you've got them nervous.
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it! 
Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! 
@RebelCapsGal: @realDonaldTrump THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!
@TellyPlanet: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for series4 to air on BBC One Sunday night :)
@Libsaredemfools: @realDonaldTrump: No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are what's right for America!
@DebraAnnGW: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump I think he would make a great president but not really sure he'll run. Thank you and watch!
.@ByronYork  Great numbers from @CBSNews Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!  @CNN
@marinafey: @ximenaNR @realDonaldTrump both of you are role models
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
@DonnySmith557: @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Karl is a total joke!!!! If he didn't have the Bush family and Fox he wouldn't have anything! !
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
@bluesmanSINY  @realDonaldTrump The Donald for President. Big YES! The Country Needs A Leader
@michaeljohns With this month's 224-page @simonschuster book Crippled America, Trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate..
u201cDonald Trump to address SC Tea Party Coalition at Myrtle Beach eventu201d 
@_SethMade: Folks not aware that @realDonaldTrump could sneak up &amp; be President in 2016. Watch!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
@jjnebraski: @realDonaldTrump as a 100% disabled I beg u Mr.Trump run for President &amp; make U.S. Great again, we need a honest man like you!
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!n
@adair_ariel: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends looking forward to it!
@Mark60644:  @megynkelly still cannot figure out this massive base of support for Trump is because he is anti- politician. #Trump2016
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
@caejh: Got out of class and immediately turned Donald Trump on as loud as I could. It's the weekend
@SteveSGoddard: @smxtty_ It would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life,
@concerningtimes: @JebBush needs to drop out your, hurting the republican cause . @realDonaldTrump is our choice
@twendencyUSA: #Twendency Tweet of the Hour in USA politics #9pm by @realDonaldTrump 
@Hashtag1USA: @realDonaldTrump Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters #Trump2016
@Iamnewhere: Webb is trying to be @realDonaldTrump and its not working.  He is not doing well!
@DNorrell:  @megynkelly shame on Megyn.Trump has more exp than all the candidates combined.Hes the only 1 2 turn this thing around. True!
@sintianiej: Yes, this is our next president - Donald Trump. In 2016 election America vote DJT 
@kenuckio: @realDonaldTrump And we will call it Trump Wall  Fine with me!
@Michael2014abc: @Alwaleed_Talal @realDonaldTrump Has your country, Saudi Arabia, taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not, why not?
@googie1262 @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Love a reality show that gives back to those most in need.TVwith a social conscience.About time
@NyamdavaaJ: You better run in 2016 for President and fix these problems,you can do this Donald!!! #2016 #President right @IvankaTrumpud83dude0e?
@biggangVH1: @realDonaldTrump love the show! #CelebApprentice
Thank you. 
Great job tonight @ericbolling
@MichaelOpitz: @realDonaldTrump @MollyOgden Thanks for standing up for the truth.
@foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with @realDonaldTrump 
@JaredChristophr: Donald Trump is the only person that can make this country great again @realDonaldTrump I fully agree!
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN! 
@fxlozano: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump he is transforming America
@thekerikgroup: Here are 14 reasons why @realDonaldTrump is running and doing well: 
@TODAYshow: We're pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall. -@SavannahGuthrie  So true!
@glendabelle_11: @FoxNews Fox has become a supporter of Liberals!They are Not supporting the GOP candidates-especially Trump! Quit watching
@tweet2u2 #Trump only attacks those that attack him first. He's not going to be abused by a  #politician @marthamaccallum #tcot
@gcjaramillo1: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President! This country needs you Mr Trump!!
@JakeAwK: Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country.
I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas.
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back! 
@gregg7493: Need democrats out so I hope republicans and tea party don't split the votes come election time. PS love the Apprentice
@Cabraler: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President. You've had my vote a long time ago. #2016
@jacobmathews: @realDonaldTrump @jamalwms45 @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly I like Donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude.
@Pg1493: @realDonaldTrump I love what you want to do with this country!!
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for @TIME photo shoot. 
@CaseyBierer America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up, Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up.
Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen!
This story is no longer about John McCain, itu2019s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
@cav1301: @realDonaldTrump Kenya Moore is an ass!! Hope she is fired FIRST!!!
@jillian2u2: @foxandfriends @kilmeade I'd vote Trump,he's strong. He said, First I'd build a Wall at border Fire Weaklings in DC too !
@Patriotress: @realDonaldTrump @316Place @PGA_com #Trump2016
@MLawts12: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't run in 2016 the country is screwed I agree!
@Will1957:  MR. TRUMP. THIS NATION NEEDS YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER. I ENCOURAGE YOU TO RUN FOR POTUS. YOUR IMPACT IS A GAME CHANGER.
@littlevd2 km @FoxNews Really not surprising....Mr. Trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it
@michael_favreau: @WSJ Evangelicals don't like lairs. This Carson Mannatech video and story show be shown in Iowa 
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@JaayZen: @realDonaldTrump Thanks Donald. Now run for president! Fulfill your purpose! To much is given, much is required
@WeLoveTheDonald @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump  Such handsome men! Great pic!  Thank you.
Via @LasVegasSun by Eugene Dunn: u201c2016 is the year of Donald Trumpu201d 
@PatrickStinard: @megynkelly Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!
@AnnieClarkCole: How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted.
Via @NYDailyNews by Eugene Dunn: u201cTrump the Nation's Great Hopeu201d 
@ObamaTax: After @hillaryclinton poor performance, waffling in debates, @Teamsters14 should support @realDonaldTrump
@Born2RunJosh: @realDonaldTrump @Antonio92692 @CNNPolitics Trump for president! #TRUMP2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@AmadorServer: DonaldTrump, get in the race and shut down the opposition. I'm ready for America to be great AGAIN. #makeamericagreatagain
Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
@AllTheNewsIsNow:  Donald Trump and Geraldo Rivera recap 'Celebrity Apprentice': A look back at the exciting season 
@IndyBuffaloJim @greta I remember visiting that building a real jewel I am proud of Donald once again stepping up to make America Beautiful
@ericbolling, in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on @ApprenticeNBC! Keep up the great work.
Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY!
@thegurleygirl: Your interview on Fox News was great!We need you &amp; the country knows you're the person who can save our country!#Trump2016
@sassysexylove: @realDonaldTrump: @tiyah_valentina: #CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time. ABSOLUTELY! Wish it was on more!
@CNNPolitics: Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration 
@NexiaVauxhall: @realDonaldTrump I love that NO group can buy @realDonaldTrump
@Stevenfclifford @realDonaldTrump thank you for running. You have my vote and I'm spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess.
@john_siracusa @realDonaldTrump @Boarcane President Donald Trump would be an awesome presence in #America ; and we regain respect.
LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
@MunichEleven: Baseball, Hotdogs, Apple Pie and a vote for @realDonaldTrump in 502 days! On 11/08/2016 we make our country great again!
@chingaling3: @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump Congratulations
@GeoScarborough: Joe Scarborough Thinks Donald Trump Can 'Shake Things Up' In 2016 Election 
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexicou2014but face itu2014Mexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
@UglyWewe: Love @realDonaldTrump asking @BrandiGlanville for the truth! He knows he'll get it!
@manofsteel619: @realDonaldTrump please run and save us in 2016!!!!
.@BretBaier  I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good!
@patty_laughlin: DonaldTrump @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Never thought much of Carl.. Make America Great Again Trump for President 2016
@yeenkochchapong: @realDonaldTrump Thailand 
@robertpatrickmc: You should declare you candidacy on #gdny with @rosannascotto and @gregkellyfox5 and just go all out campaigning.
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed. 
@ColeHudson68: @megynkelly  @FoxNews @theBlaze @greta @OreillyFactor Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox.
@frankadgpr: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Clearly, you are a master of marketing and business success.
@Maddow, you copied incompetent @KatyTurNBC incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
@JordanStasi  Mr. Trump, as a young sales professional. What one of YOUR BOOKS would you recommend I read? Start with Art of the Deal.
@SlwStdySqueeze: @realDonaldTrump is gonna do some great things! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley: Donald Trump: France's Strict Gun Laws Enabled Attackn
@DeanPreston76: Time for you to tell @BarackObama 'You're fired!'. #TrumpForPresident2016 We need someone who loves America in office!
@MasterBaxter8: Only someone like you successful at so much deserves a shot to be President! We don't need another mediocre politician.
@AbeLerner: Now you Have to run for #prez @realDonaldTrump 
@nick_nlawrie: @realDonaldTrump if you're as strident in life as you are with these tweets then no wonder you're loaded.
@josephangel247 @realDonaldTrump So true after reading the Art of the Deal #AMustReadBook #GoodAdvice
@Mag_0909: @realDonaldTrump intense but I would expect nothing less
@JacksonHoleSue: The interview was compelling! I am convinced you are the  right person for the job! I am behind you all the way!
@marino_joanna: DonaldTrump you would have my vote! It's time we stop electing lawyers and get strong business men in the executive office
@MrTonyRoberts1:  greatest country on earth, The United States of America need a strong leader just like you! You are the best
A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
@gillibean8514: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump your awesome I hope you win brandi.
Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
@seleti00: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews They attack you more then CNN or MSNBC combined. Just a bunch of old Bush appointee Rhinos.
@RaffleWinner @realDonaldTrump I can't decide if you will be a great President or the GREATEST President! #Trump2016
The same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary.
@ShellyPayne4328: @WayneRoot @realDonaldTrump Amen! Looking forward to a happy new year. It's been too long! #voteTrump2016
@RoniSeale: @realDonaldTrump  @foxandfriends #GoTrump #GOP #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
@nunyabus1: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends you go trumpy, don't back down  I won't.
@CrystalPrebola @realDonaldTrump @MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @mj_lee @Macys Me too. No more shopping at Macy's.
@WeWantMitt2016: W/finance &amp;#negotiation skills like no one else,Trump would restore credibility to the presidency 
@jimlibertarian:  @SlwStdySque Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere
Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! 
@tokindaddy: @realDonaldTrump your the man, Don. All the best,...
Dee Dee Sorvino @deedeegop I am betting on Trump
@tommyz63 @Reince let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know #Illegals are a huge problem!
@billboard: .@RodStewart on his (naked) young and carefree days and pal Donald Trump 
@KdanielsK: @misstcassidy @realDonaldTrump @AllAboutTheTea_ This season is going to be great! Can't wait!
@lhcam: This country desperately needs accountability. @realDonaldTrump in #2016.
Arriving to check out the border. 
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
Deportations are u201cplummetingu201d 
@moses11211: Donald Trump leads in new #GOP polls.. @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump 
@michell33841372: Donald keep speaking the truth! The media has printed your words out of context. You will make America great again!
Via @JNSworldnews by @JacobKamarasJNS:  Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israeln
@hamishjoy: There's no republican field at all. When the @realDonaldTrump is in play, the others all kinda fade away. Trump2016
@newhopenchange: Reading The Art of the Deal for the 4th time over 18 years. Motivational and educational in different ways each time.
@benpobjie: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't run for president in 2016 I will gut myself on live TV
Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with @TrumpLasVegas!  
.@NRO @JonahNRO  Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!
u201c@AP Interview: @MissUniverse Gabriela Isler reflects as her reign winds downu201d 
CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@rchunter: @realDonaldTrump tells the guys, go back to @TrumpTowerNY and watch if you want to, it won't be pretty. #CelebApprentice
THANK YOU America! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:u201cTrump: Bring back jobs from overseasu201d 
@nepafortrump: @CwiseCwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @GOP #TeamTrumpPA WILL TURN PA from Clinton Blue to TRUMP RED! Team WONT STOP
@eonline: Who had the best Donald Trump Halloween costume--Kelly Ripa, Lara Spencer or Mario Batali? 
@lolabeauty33: @realDonaldTrump I love watching the two episodes in one! #CelebApprentice
@KdanielsK: @misstcassidy @AllAboutTheTea_ I definitely think Kenya is smarter than Brandi, but Kenya doesn't play well w/ others.
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
@Carastarey: So glad The Celebrity apprentice is back!! I love this show. @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC
@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @jsilva74366572 then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him
@bxldgxng: @realDonaldTrump i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix America
@Lord_Sugar: Can you get me a parking slot at Mar a Lago on Sunday its very busy with the car show meeting @IanJamesPoulter Yes, call me!
@kzieff: @realDonaldTrump just run!
@Newsmax_Media: Suffolk Univ. Poll: Trump Leads Cruz, Rubio in New Hampshire 
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!
@DJMIKEOL: @realDonaldTrump @jsager84 @IanZiering @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC fellow conservatives. I would just tell Donald to run
@KingVantes: @AnnCoulter @RedState TRUTH .Just like Perry, Walker, Bush .. all y'all who go after @realDonaldTrump WILL FAIL ud83dudcaf #Trump2016
@Jillpie1:DonaldTrump I hated you firing too many people at once, not exciting, total bummer.Please, one at a time, psyched for next season
Iu2019m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big adsu2014desperate! Donu2019t believe them.
@jackselo: The best phrase @realDonaldTrump has ever said? We don't need another Bush Well said!
.@RollingStone admitted their scam. Phony @HuffingtonPost and others are no better-- total joke!
@ChrisBiedermann: Building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. Support Donald Trump. He can make this happen.
@TeamBobbyEwing:  @foxnews @karlrove I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the #2A! That will not solve the problem, IMO!
Flashback u2013 Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 
If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES.
@AliceEngle3: @trumpiowa @TRUMPVICTORY16 @realDonaldTrump   The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!
@NewsTodayUSA: Two Canadian Coast Guard ships sent to rescue U.S. freighter stuck in ice. #globalwarming? @algore  
@MikeMarchese_: Monday night...who needs football when you have #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump #YourFired
@yankzpat: HEY! I hope to meet @realDonaldTrump on Thursday in Mason City, IA and get an autograph and a picture! Can't wait!! #Trump2016
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
@amit_ @realdonaldtrump I agree 100%. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets.
@AnnieDrews:  So glad #CelebApprentice is back! Looks like it will be a fantastic year! Thanks for a great show. Got out of hosp in time!
@seanbarakett: @realDonaldTrump id rather have a businessman in the White House than a politician. Youu2019ve got my vote
@iliveamongyou: @chucktodd APOLOGIZE HYPOCRITE Jersey City 9/11 Celebration Report  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial. 
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at 7:30pm, live streaming! 
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
@so_jason19: @realDonaldTrump @georgewillf Trump for president.George Will doesn't know business or what this young generation cares about
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday- 
@JerryLingle: .@_CFJ_ @BossHoggUSMC @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @GOP Save our nation, Tell the GOP Leadership(?!) to shut up and go home...
@ltodd14: @realDonaldTrump When are you announcing?
@DianeHauschildt: @FoxNews @freelancer1787 @realDonaldTrump @RealBenCarson 
@todaysrealmusic: A great night of watching @ApprenticeNBC @nbc . Thank you mr @realDonaldTrump
Via @BreitbartNews by @THESHARKTANK1: DONALD TRUMP FIRES ENTIRE 2016 GOP FIELD 
@Maxinerunner: @MarkSteynOnline loved you on #Hannity speaking truth @realDonaldTrump has awakened Patriots all over this Great Country.
@melissabxny: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the new ferry point park course to open Will be great.
@1italianheart: We need a real American to run our country and that real man is @realDonaldTrump. Get this country back on track.
@N_R_Mandela: @realDonaldTrump And you're still a negative loser and Trump is still a positive winner. I'm Black and proudly voting TRUMP!
@Maxinerunner: @realDonaldTrump surges in Post-debate Poll! Trump puts US 1st and foremost  @BraveLad @TIMENOUT 
@TheJordanHafizi @realDonaldTrump  is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind!
Will be on @Morning_Joe at 6:30 A.M.
@TomNocera @DanScavino @dallasmavs @mcuban  Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner.
@PG1701: u201c@BasilicaCEO: Annoyed Cruz running becos I don't like anyone cept @realDonaldTrump.u201d
@wnapier99: @realDonaldTrump Great interview on O'Reilly tonight!
@KRCompanion: If @realDonaldTrump gave a State of the Union address, I'd listen. #TheApprentice #Trump
@nathanpaul1975: @realDonaldTrump Hollywood doesn't get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!ud83dudc4dud83dudc4d
National GOP Presidential Poll via @OANN @realDonaldTrump 35.6% #Trump2016 
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016
The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!
.@IvankaTrump's Favorite Miami Hot Spots @TrumpGolf @TrumpDoral  
@nbcsnl: Shooting promos for #TrumpOnSNL with Cecily and @realDonaldTrump. 
@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported @realDonaldTrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you. Thanks Ted!
@Photocritic: Oh please please please let @realDonaldTrump run for president. That would make my year.
Via @ProgressIndex: u201cDonald Trump to deliver keynote address at annual Chesterfield Republican Galau201d 
@zaneypeterson  @realDonaldTrump you have my vote!
@officialjtw: @realDonaldTrump You're iconic! You are going down in the history books! #trump2016  So nice, thank you.
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
@Bravolebrity1: .@realDonaldTrump Noooo! You can't stop now!! I need more #CelebrityApprentice!
@PamelaJaneVP: Watch FULL Speech: Donald Trump MASSIVE Rally in Norfolk, VA (10-31-15) on YouTube - 
@DanSaltsman: @realDonaldTrump @Ford @crainsdetroit @detnews @CNBC 
@vetteman88: @realDonaldTrump @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs we sure could use someone who cares about America
Via @globegazette by John Skipper: North Iowan says Trump serious about POTUS run - but he'll have to prove it 
Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
@AmandaJ1981: Watching episode 1 of the new season of The Apprentice in Melbourne, Australia! It's Boardroom time!! Love this show!!
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win
@Bamadad1985: @realDonaldTrump I hope u run for president. U have my vote
@James_Taylor78: @realDonaldTrump You'd have my vote!  Great.
@KimRichardsFans: @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice intro always gives me life!
Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog 
@jonas_brotha: @realDonaldTrump @KenyaMoore just goes for the throat
Via @NYDailyNews by @klnynews: u201cDonald Trump wins lawsuit against Joint Commission on Public Ethicsu201d 
@BowersAllyson: @realDonaldTrump @DoleFoundation #HiddenHeroes #alleras 
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland! 
@kyredblood: @realDonaldTrump Great Fox interview  @seanhannity
.@MittRomney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible choke loss to Obama!
@6aa9ce3efe0c468: @realDonaldTrump @BackOnTrackUSA you should run Mr.Trump get this country back on track.
@IJNIPGM: No casualties. Just victory, victory, and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. We love God and USA
u201cWhen you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.u201d u2013 Ronald Reagan
@HL3tweets:  @CoachAbda Trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True
@kpmck63: I'm going to listen to @realDonaldTrump LONG before I listen to georgelopez #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@chained111: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor yes sir
@mysticmimsy:  @JavaMedic I tcompletely agree. Trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change. #TrumpForPresident.
@manofsteel619: @realDonaldTrump my God, I would pay to see you destroy Hillary in a debate, please run!
Carson now admits his friend named Bob, who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
@toddinwichita: @realDonaldTrump I will gladly volunteer for your campaign in my area . Please RUN . #VoteForTrump #TrumpForPresident
China just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workersu2019 information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
@rainbow74 @TheView I personally love @realDonaldTrump and really hope he runs for Prez! #CelebrityApprentice  Thanks
@AnnetteNavaret: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends RUN DAMN IT!
@Ir0nSpirit: Can't wait for you to take the White House. Our country will once again be strong! ud83dudc4d Sorry JebBush, but you got no chance!
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
@jeffreykid44: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfLA u rock Don
I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
Tonight on @ExtraTV, Iu2019m talking #CelebApprentice. Tune-in!
@flanny1971: @realDonaldTrump clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and won't bow down to other world leaders!
@kuhnl1: @realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our leaders can't say no!
@MickeyMiller33: Watching #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump it's on I am rooting for #TeamBrandi and my 15 year old is rooting #TeamKevin
@DonaldJTrumpJr: A pic with @realdonaldtrump from a long time ago #throwbackthursday 
u201cPatriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.u201d u2013 Mark Twain
@WavRidr101: @realDonaldTrump DO A FLYOVER @NauticusNorfolk USS WISCONSIN!  Cool idea, we will try!
@donniewilmoth: @realDonaldTrump I hope this is your official announcement for your candidacy.
@KirstyDace: A brilliant weekend at Turnberry. Polite, friendly staff, delicious food and beautiful setting.  
@webester: @realDonaldTrump @carriejo4ever I hope Geraldo wins...
With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency, Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. @davidaxelrod
With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again! 
@IndyBuffaloJim @TrumpToronto Doesn't suprise me one little bit, look who is running luxury Donald Trump that master of what people want :)
@Pandorasandy1: @realDonaldTrump we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!!   Thanks!
@Desify: @realDonaldTrump @notTeridax @AlphaQuintesson You got tweeted by D Trump? Ur a legend..
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
@Snotty_Girl: @Kateplusmy8 @realDonaldTrump Kate Gosselin is fearless. Waych out !
@metanoik: Donald Trump's Ferry Point Golf Course Accepting Tee Times - 
@dmhar: @dariusrucker what about playing at @realDonaldTrump's in Florida. His golf course is amazing !
@InsideGym: The Most Influential U.S. Gymnasts Of All Time: 
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
@curtiscraven76: @CNN @realDonaldTrump keep up your good work Mr trump cause u have my vote
@NatashaOwnfan: @TheCubicleChick @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Each celeb could pose for photos, they can become the theme
@deqwik2: @SaraMurray @realDonaldTrump Sorry link above not working. Here's good link 
Via @ChristianToday: u201cDonald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White Houseu201d 
@Weaverinc31: The problem is @MittRomney was a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base. Weak at best!
@theblaze: Donald Trump unleashes verbal assault on nice guy Ted Cruz: 
@NickBeII: Donald Trump has my vote. Signed and sealed. Thanks!
@SandraBoag: @realDonaldTrump Hopefully our future First Lady!!!  She would be amazing!
@ronsonlocke @realDonaldTrump I passed your Aberdeen Golf Course, looks amazing! Thanks!
@ShinySheet:Olympic gold medalist wins Trump Invitational Grand Prix at @realDonaldTrump's Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach: 
.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you.
@bravehart60: 20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016 
Via @CNNPolitics by @teddyschleifer: Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration 
@loislane72: Had a feeling it'd be @LeezaGibbons vs @GeraldoRivera! My $ is on Leeza!  PS I wanna fly on @realDonaldTrump's jet!!
Why would @greta use @KarlRove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
@HeaViLybrOkN: I want @LeezaGibbons to win @ApprenticeNBC! She's incredible! Such a professional! I dont think I've seen her stumble once!
@DanScavino: Via Economist/YouGov 7u202224u20222015 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
With oil below $50, the blighted views by windfarms of historic @CulzeanCastle will be very sad. #SaveCulzean 
@Waxking911: @CBSNews @realDonaldTrump  
@CuneytGkn: @realDonaldTrump keepu0131ng u0131t real on Davu0131d Letterman ud83dudc4dud83dudc4d 
@incorrectpoliti: Establishment Government, Media, and Hollywood are killing America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! @realDonaldTrump
The numbers at the @nytimes  are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
Always be prepared to start.u201d - @JoeMontana
@scottsiebs: Good Monday morning from my room at the beautiful TRUMP OCEAN CLUB Panama. A great, great hotel!!  
@ckottlarock: @realDonaldTrump #trump4prez
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  
@IGotAngelEyes: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @CelebApprentice Awesome
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
@sixtoluis57: @ameliasg @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC @IvankaTrump No comment, you can see every pore in todays TV screens. U look mavelous
Entrepreneurs: Donu2019t sell yourself short. Donu2019t ever think youu2019ve done it all already or that youu2019ve done your best.
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
FLASHBACK u2013 u201cDonald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastoru2019s Freedom in Iran  
@Alex_WJ_Milne: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to seeing you there in the Tar Heel State! #Trump2016
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! 
@DawnLACA: @realDonaldTrump @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs Wishing Trump was the Pres.
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
@1rdgreenberg:  @FoxNews That's why, after your interview, I couldn't watch the panel discussion, which is usually my favorite segment.
Backstage with @jimmyfallon before opening skit- great fun! @fallontonight 
@AndrewJAlbert01: Also, I want to hit @realDonaldTrump's new course, Ferry Point, when it opens. Views can't be beat.
Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
@Trump2016online: Live Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Sarasota, FL Nov 28 - 12:00 PM (EST) 
@foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with @realDonaldTrump 
@JuliaTock: @realDonaldTrump Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!
@dcfoodsafety:  Mr Trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates? #Trump2016  Stay tuned
Will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. Enjoy!
@PJTV: ON TOP  The GOP, Democrats and media have all hit @realDonaldTrump Hereu2019s the result: 
#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016 
@mcowgerFL: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING America's veterans!
@joeearle: @Pistol044 There's only one I'll never support: @realDonaldTrump
With our brand new Tennis Performance Center, @TrumpGolfDC offers countless activities along with top courses 
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.
Via @BostonDotCom by @lilsarg: u201cDonald Trump on Snow, Salt, Vaccines, and the Oval Officeu201d 
@WeLoveTheDonald: DonaldTrump You sure do look like a natural behind that podium! I can't wait to put my Trump 2016 sign in my front yard!
@elizwatkins: @realDonaldTrump So how many more days until you are in office? #PresidentTrump #Letstalkbusiness
@run: Can you really argue withDonaldTrump view that an individual has the right to defend self &amp; family when life is directly threatened?
@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump only our Donald will save Christianity..Christ bless our land
Via @ConservReview by @JeffJlpa1: Why Donald Trump is Right 
The winner of Best In Show of the 139th @WKCDOGS, Miss P, visited @TrumpTowerNY today- 
@5SOS_jrt1d: Mr. Trump, you weren't just HUGE on @FallonTonight - you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!
@Ma1973sk: Great family. Great interview @realDonaldTrump ! 
@MichmusM: Watching #CelebrityApprentice &amp; @MsVivicaFox is pure class!!!! ud83dude0aud83dudc4du2764 @realDonaldTrump @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons
@Lauren_Nann: @realDonaldTrump @BradSaidWhat STAND WITH TRUMP 2016
@MiriamRoseMc:  #TRUMp2016 would be the best for the country, jobs, trade and taxes - all others are status quo #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@CarolinasToday: @realDonaldTrump do you get to see the packages before going into the boardroom?  Not often!
@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #ARealLeader #USA And God Bless our Troops! #Navy #Army #Marines #CoastGuard Thanks.
Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!  @CNN
Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem.
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump i spoke to my cousins in NH they said their whole town is talking about your great speech #Trump2016 Thanks
@littlevd23 @AaronMcAllorum @NYC Like anything Mr. Trump puts his name on simply amazing!! The Bronx needed the Trump touch!  Thanks.
@jumbeeboi89: @realDonaldTrump Donald, Run for president man, Seriously. Make it official.
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
@bpeazy42: @realDonaldTrump make $ while others sleep!
@JLaudner: Republicans are working so my generation can achieve their American Dream: 
@J_ennaLeigh: Everything @realDonaldTrump touched turns to gold #takenotes @ApprenticeNBC
Thank you @SeanHannity &amp; @BoDiet! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@kemper34: @TheHerd @ColinCowherd @realDonaldTrump @FS1 Great interview. Ranks just above the @JimHarbaugh49 interview.
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. 
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- 
@BoaterzLetterz: @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump MISSING @Joanrivers! less #Humor in life now!
@erik. My newsfeed is nothing but DonaldTrump n @RealGilbert #CelebrityApprentice! But that's alright with me cuz I love them. Great minds.
I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainn
#CelebApprentice @apprenticenbc returns tonight at 9/8c on NBC- 
@FunkyFakir: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump and Condoleezza Rice. What a ticket that would be! 
Thank you @Forbes for showing the @WSJ was wrong. So dishonest! 
Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
@AlphaQuintesson: @realDonaldTrump please run for president you got my vote ud83dudca6ud83cudf51
@SongBird1154: Again SNL (10/17) exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO, an unwanted Senatorial candidate, &amp; GOD forbid next Prez #NTXForum
.@Macyu2019s is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macyu2019s.
Thank you for the support, South Carolina! #USSYorktown n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@ebalky: @realDonaldTrump that's all the career politicians do is talk
@aa_trevino:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald, it's more important for @oreillyfactor to have your views than viceversa, don't sweat it
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
@carrillo_pete: #make America great again. We need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. We need #DonaldTrump2016
@ssheaver: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes @CNN 
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
@injebbin: Driving thru major world cities &amp; seeing ur name as a brand on spectacular buildings! Trump won in life. 
@Sethanatorr:Trump should run for president. We need him. Obama has accomplished nothing. We all know Mr. Trump knows how to get stuff done
Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last nightu2014get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
@john_siracusa: Great hearing you @realDonaldTrump speak with #DonImus on @TheImusShow this AM. You enhance the dialogue on all programs
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.n -- T. S. Eliot
A terrible deal with Iran! 
@seenontv66: When will People magazine finally realize that THE sexiest man alive is Donald Trump! You are sexy and adorable! #gotmyvote T
So happy about my daughter @IvankaTrumpu2019s announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
@kniala: @realDonaldTrump Exactly. Marco has no accomplishments.
@nitya_lal: @realDonaldTrump You should be president! I believe in you #Trump2016  Thanks.
@19thWheel:  Heard your interview on SiriusXM Radio from FoxNews. I was thinking Scott Walker but now going Trump card all the way.
@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump It's almost June &amp; time for the big announcement!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@mnrosrnr: @realDonaldTrump the best book I've read in years, Trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas, a true economic genius
@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump has been stimulating Cities all over the World Plowing through political BS his whole life. #Trump2016
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point, an 18 hole public golf course in the Bronx, New York, is opening soon! 
Just said at #NCGOPcon that politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability  
@JoeTorre: #HappyBirthdayYogiBerra! 
Response to Huffington Post- 
@awildpiglet: @realDonaldTrump we need you in that office!! #Trump16 !!
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, is on 400 beautiful acres &amp; fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!
@CunninghamNY: Im on board for a @realDonaldTrump presidency! The man knows what he's talking about!
@Mr_Holtzworth: @realDonaldTrump Sarah Palin Defends Donald Trump's Immigration Plan On Fox News 
@JustinJGraff: Who does Geraldo think he is the worlds most famous man?! He's driving me insane #CelebrityApprentice #pleasegetfired
@AnnetteNavaret: @realDonaldTrump watching you now on #FOXAndFriends RUN DONALD RUN!!!!
Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines
@HGswiney: Time for @realDonaldTrump to make his big announcement about how he's going to put this country back on track!! #Trump2016 ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016 
@ccrealty2: u201cItu2019s tangible, itu2019s solid, itu2019s beautiful. Itu2019s artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.u201d -Donald Trump
@sprinkler22: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump I LOVE DONALD TRUMP....COAST GUARD -YES!!
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support @IowaCentral &amp; @ethanolbyPOET this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus 
@YesMrGilbert: @NBCNightlyNews @HallieJackson should have talked to Megyn Kelly about this story  True, a total distortion of the facts!
Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. Itu2019s time for a bold new direction! 
@dpdax @realDonaldTrump Thanks for standing for Vets Take care of those that give so much
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
Jebu2019s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothersu2014wow!
@BradANGSA:  Trump is the only candidate telling the truth... the GOP is planning to stab Trump in the back... 
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
@agpt73: @realDonaldTrump His books have helped me become who i am today.  Great.
@007lLisav: @CNN @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics can't wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets.  Will be so much better than CNN!
@RUSHLvR1: RT  @AAcrowellt: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president im voting for you Great. I am dying for Donald to run and win#
@scorpio5053 @realDonaldTrump is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White &amp; Blue.@UnitedCitizen01
I have a lawsuit in Mexicou2019s corrupt court system that I won but so far canu2019t collect. Donu2019t do business with Mexico!
For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
@AndrewChrome: @realDonaldTrump @NYDailyNews @klnynews Congrats Mr. Trump justice prevails
.@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
@derbitteractor: @realDonaldTrump sen. hillary clinton voted for the war
@AbrahamL1nx: ISIS would already be on ice if @realDonaldTrump was the president. We need you, sir. #MyManTrump2016
@txblondegrad: @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate for president that can beat Hillary and turn this country around. I agree!
@tharris012: @realDonaldTrump for president
I look forward to attending Saturday Night Live on Sunday night. I am sure it will be a great show. @nbcsnl  
@TheMsDlr: Donald Trump Releases Plan to Reform Veterans Affairs - ABC News - 
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network  @TheBrodyFile @CBNNews 
u201cDonald trump files statement of candidacyu201d 
@DarrenJJordan: @realDonaldTrump @stuartpstevens And he's still a consultant? For what?  Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice.
@SLanister @realDonaldTrump @Sherry09 please hurry up &amp; run,  I'll vote for you!!!
@PaulkDebra: @TODAYshow @realDonaldTrump I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girl's vote!!!
Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
@AndrePretorius: @realDonaldTrump I am #SouthAfrican and I can say, you are 100% correct. Lately we are starting to live in fear. #notgood
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
@japple8686: @My3Alexandra @realDonaldTrump cop was unarmed watch the news
@mensamamma: YOU HAVE to run Mr.Trump! YOU are the only person on the roster that can ACTUALLY do the job! PLEASE, Please Mr.Trump, RUN!
@ChipB: Like him or not @realDonaldTrump says EXACTLY what he thinks and doesn't beat around the bush. And that's admirable. #Election2016
@Rbbrkhd: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor  @FoxNews The way you have treated @realDonaldTrump is totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair
@nbcsnl: Cecily also has a Trump impression. 
.@stephenfhayes: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't  have what it takes! @JoeNBC
@fyrftr211: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016. Time for a true leader to lead our great country!
.@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
I do not know the reporter for the @nytimes, or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
@collegestump: Can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to be the next pres.  @CNN @FoxNews @DRUDGE_REPORT @blackrepublican 
@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump great job Mr Trump lots of great ideas!! Looking forward to hearing more from you God Bless!
Via The Brody File: The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump  Thank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice.   
@ChipGates1: @realDonaldTrump @RollingStone @HuffingtonPost Yeah shut em down. Nothing but toilet paper
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: Exclusive: Trump To Address South Carolina Tea Party Convention 
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
@IvankaTrump: Btw this is a @CelebApprentice firstu2013I announced the project winner! @realDonaldTrump how did I do? Great!
@mikey_likes_lt @SovAdjEast @realDonaldTrump @TrumpFerryPoint @UAGolf I can't wait to play this course with my Dad Great--enjoy!
@TheReaLJuiCe88: I'm working real hard Mr Trump getting you votes in Boston/Rhode island area! #IBelieve #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
@KittenHoliday: At the neighborhood bar talking about @realDonaldTrump we need him We will make America great again!
Who do you like - hate so far?
@YoungYoung54:  @JeriHyatt @megynkelly @JebBush So true. Jeb Bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks Mexican, this is America, English !!
@MunichEleven: Won't tiptoe around tough issues others fear! He has demonstrated proof of his problem solving ability in the Boardroom.
@BernardCastro3: @realDonaldTrump Whether it's the original or celebrity version,I love @ApprenticeNBC.
@KathleenLove10: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!
@calisunandsurf: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends Donald Trump would be an AWESOME president!
@AplemonLemon: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump that's why we need you Mr. Trump! You're on the polls so it's time you get moving!
@hollyammon:  @AndyBran @JoeNBC DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation.  So true.
@loveb4youdie: Waiting for @realDonaldTrump to announce for president, tired of all these posers  Stay tuned.
@LynusCantwell: The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership.
@buckleybro40: @realDonaldTrump @CNBC why only Donald Trump can beat Hillary. 
True, thanks.  
@JeremyHL: RT @FoxNews: .@realDonaldTrump: I have thousands of Hispanics working for me &amp; they like me very much. 
@Tea4Freedom: Pastor Robert Jeffres accurately gushes about Donald Trump 
Via @kcautv: u201cDonald Trump Coming to Sioux City in Mayu201d 
@LynneLeach: @realDonaldTrump you can make U.S. great by running for POTUS! You have my vote a million times over u2611ufe0f
@FreeStateYank: Ex-wife Ivana Trump says @realDonaldTrump can win, likely WILL win, and will be a great President. 
Dear @MaraLiasson, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
Letter to @Univision - Re: @TrumpDoral 
@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 #trumpforpresident 
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
@Pappenjazz: An Incredibly Strong Interview Of @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsSunday, Good Response  IC Those @FoxNews NaySayers dissapating!
@LauraAbokhair: @realDonaldTrump You could change this country around! True and thanks!
@jenilynn1001: @FallonTonight @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@Southern_Anon63: I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting @realDonaldTrump on Election Day.
@wendy1134: @realDonaldTrump @NiccoBigalli Things would be so much better! #Trumpforpresident  True.
@buffyG6820: We need a President that is for the USA, Donald Trump knows how to make an empire.  #YVNCG inc.-Buffy 
Via @baltimoresun by @ErinatTheSun: u201cMaryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiseru201d 
@ethansimmons111: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump 
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said NO. Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
@RobinRN: @realDonaldTrump What this country needs is unification &amp; direction, &amp; you're the one who can make it happen! Run, Mr. Trump, run
@ronbrown1970: @realDonaldTrump @EastonWestwood @JonahNRO @stephenfhayes I model my management by Mr Trump. Consistent is everything
@dryan5962: When we need hope @realDonaldTrump is just the person there to give it...#Trump2016 @foxandfriends True!
.@SarahPalinUSA was 100% correct when she stated that @oreillyfactor used us in day long tease to get people to watch, but we were not on!
@Mrs_Batie:  @VeryOddDog totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended
@oreillyfactor, horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat Hillary!
ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% 
@norge1956: @realDonaldTrump 
@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrumpu00a0is SO AWESOME!! Man of nat'l unmatched merit, every1 needs TRUMP! A+ leader can rule- ELECT EXCELENT PREZ!!
#CelebApprentice I will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all new @ApprenticeNBC at 8PM ET.
So nice, thank you Laura.  
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
@craigmacwilson: @realDonaldTrump 'Run Donald, RUN!'
Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
@champforrest: @megynkelly  Bringing jobs back from China &amp; Asia is a winning issue. He'll capture the Reagan Democrats. Hope he runs.
@LakersCanes305: @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump I'll b there in a couple hours! Can't wait to see what this place looks like!
@pwrussell95: @realDonaldTrump should've been you making that speech tonight #SOTU2015 I agree!
.@gerardtbaker Gerardu2014wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, u201creally smart and elegant.u201d
@AniesiODaniels: #DemDebate Q: Who are you voting for in 2016. A: #Trump! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!. #Trump2016 
@Wastehe  @realDonaldTrump @ACCronin8  We need a Trump card in the white house. You can make this country back to the way it was!
u201cA list golfing buddy! @Tegan__Martin enjoys golf w/Donald Trump ahead ofn@MissUniverseu201d 
@Bourbon_brain:  @realDonaldTrump has  accomplished more in his career than any other candidate has promised in theirs. #nhpolitics
Thank you.  
@wendimac27: @realDonaldTrump My husband wanted to watch with me tonight because he loves to hear you say you're fired #CelebApprentice.
@YankeeRunnerLV: TONIGHT is perfect time for D.T. to announce he's running for Prez.To Let America know Help is on way #Trump2016 #USA
@TimothyMcManus4: @realDonaldTrump Very intense!! #CelebApprentice
@Stevie_SKenergy: @realDonaldTrump @NBCApprentice This show motivates me. Part of my inspiration to #saveSKsocial
@jcosmofisher: If Donald Trump runs for president in 2016 he most certainly has my vote. We need to get this country turned around
EXCLUSIVE u2014 DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: u2018IF I WIN, I WILL BEAT HILLARYu2019 
@CaptainMark_:  @Robostop10 KEEP IT COMMING TRUMP!!!! People need to be warned about that Carson figure who is not who they think!
.@canoetravel  Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel
@tonyparker1981: @Nate_Cohn @chrislhayes Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about @realDonaldTrump and nothing about BernieSanders
@kavemanrj  @realDonaldTrump Amazing work trump! I believe you will do the same for our country.
@ScillieriJr: @alexskoog @realDonaldTrump if he can run america like he runs a business, he'd be a good president You mean great.
@DannyLofaro: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Stay tuned!
@CindyBlackwel12:  @dr_tweedy @CNN @JohnKasich AMERICA WANTS #TRUMP  
@MDTaylorJr Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump is speaking the truth. #Trump2016
@MikeandDawnNY: @JohnLegere I'm a TMobile customer 4 10yrs &amp; DT is right. Also he's Presidential unlike Joker in WH now &amp; Hillary the Liar
Via @DailyCaller by @alweaver22:u201cTrump: Obama One Of u2018The Worst Things Thatu2019s Ever Happened To Israelu2019u201d 
@misstozak: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @OANN This says it ALL. TRUMP 2016. 
I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal @Macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys
@samanthajrose: @realDonaldTrump #Trumpfan #TrumpForPresident
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!n
@bluestarwindow: @realDonaldTrump @bdean1468 Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump True!
@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood. Go get 'em!
MUST READ-It's time people listened to Trump,' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star 
@MarianoQCasilum: PLEASE make it known now that you are a serious CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT. WE, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED YOU TO LIBERATE USA
@Co: CBS reports swarms of celebrators were on roofs in Jersey on 9/11/2001u203cufe0fu203cufe0f VIDEO: 
Looking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night!  @NCGOP is a top state party!
@Jeff713Jeffrey @FoxNewsInsider I don't care what anyone says I'll take Trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is!
@RoniSeale: @DanScavino  @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #gop #Trump2016 
Mitt did the right thingu2014not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
@AJ_Nix: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Great job Mr Trump,,,Kept em on topic,, Got your message though.
Via @limbaugh: u201cTrump Doubled Down -- and It Workedu201dn 
.@dixierhilton #asktrump 
Exclusiveu2013Donald Trump: Obama 'Totally Out-Negotiated' by Iran, Taliban, 'Virtually Every Country in the World' - 
ICYMI, u201cRaw video: Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepanek's Amherst receptionu201d 
@jessicarnewman: The only reason most viewers will be watching the #RepublicanDebate tonight... @realDonaldTrump 
@davidkaifaith: golf at donald trump's place is always a good idea 
Congress must stop Obamau2019s reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
@greta just read @realDonaldTrump going to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday That is correct. I look forward to it
Has Charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every wayu2014Make America Great Again!
@AdiosLiberty: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump @ScottPelley Haven't seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate. #trump2016
@farrightgregy: Dan Rather: Donald Trump Could Be Our Next President 
Nice story from @businessinsider 
.@JuddApatow I agree!
Learn more about @TrumpIntRealty's @Mgriffithnyc and some of our spectacular real estate in NYC- 
@TheLongShotzz: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @tperkins Trump wins
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
@kenziestruder: @realDonaldTrump for pres 2016 ud83dude4cud83dude4cud83dude4cud83dude4cud83dude4cud83dude4c
Thanks. 
@cclkm: @realDonaldTrump I beg you to run Stay tuned!
Chris Wallace @fox at 10:00 A.M.
@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends we want to hear you announce that you are going to run! Please!
@cinderelly78: @oreillyfactor @realDonaldTrump Get in there and straighten this country out! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
@TpGraf82: I'm surprised @fox didn't quote all of @realDonaldTrump Hopefully in June they will be quoting you right! #Trump2016
@pinkdaisey22: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor great job both of you! Donald you have my vote!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@SharNeal @ericbolling @TheFive  a lot of us support Trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
@rnull65:  I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!
.@seanhannity at 10:00.
@The_Paul08: There's nothing more relaxing than a Trump Tower suite!! @TrumpChicago @TrumpCollection #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump
Via @G_Liberty_Voice by Melody Dareing: u201cDonald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexicou201d 
Via @GolfMonthly by @jake0reilly: u201cTrump to build five new holes at @TurnberryBuzzu201dn  
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend @KarlRove shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
@Angela_Thomps: @realDonaldTrump this is going to be a great @ApprenticeNBC season! Great cast!
My @FoxNews int. with @seanhannity on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again! 
@JereeGeeStavich @realDonaldTrump You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow.
@terrisanislo: @ColorMeRed @realDonaldTrump Hey, the man knows how to run a business!
@xai7126: @greta I'd rather see @realDonaldTrump be the debate moderator!
@DbzOptimist: Most people in the US want @realDonaldTrump to Be President...Really Nice. #VoteForTrump
Congrats to @FLGovScott on today's inauguration and having done a great job!
@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll 
@EatSleepDan: I want to see @realDonaldTrump run for president.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
@Retume: I would vote @realDonaldTrump over @HillaryClinton.
@JorgeQB22: @realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
@UsuallyBogey: Without @realDonaldTrump we will be stuck with Hilary Clinton. #Trump2016 I agree.
@Tendraftsdeep: @realDonaldTrump get it on and get this nation back. Kick ass
@michaelsdevine: Can't wait to see what team lost so the gloves can come off! #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump
@sheveeta: Can't think of a better candidate. -Donald Trump
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice!
@Finenco: Rand Paul #speech is a repeat of every other #politician. Heard it before @TexasGOP @nytimes We need flat tax #Vote 4 DonaldTrump
@MikeG_Beats: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
@echump: @megynkelly  @realDonaldTrump if what everyone says is true Trump will score huge if this is for publicity. i'd trust Trump
@Mitnasty33: @realDonaldTrump Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason. - Mark Twain  So true.
@BLG216: @realDonaldTrump We're all very proud of you, Donald .
@hidej491: @realdonaldtrump WIth us you are No.1
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
.@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!
@bdean1468: @JebBush &amp; @marcorubio couldn't carry @realDonaldTrump 's gym bags. #Trump2016
@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it. True!
@RealReagan0503: It's funny how they say @realDonaldTrump doesn't give specifics but he's the only one who put out more than 2 policies.
@onesoldiersmom @ArtNGonzalez @earredondo If you would listen to his words, you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians.
Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
u201c@WestJournalism Exclusive u2013 We Asked Donald Trump What Jobs He Would Offer ISISu201d 
I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,  show would have died long ago.
Thank you @FrankLuntz  
A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation. - President Ronald Reagan
@CHM1321: @realDonaldTrump is in it to win it.
@ElianaBenador: #CPAC th crystal ball to see th future: True Conservative candidates will be sorely missing. None of them measures toTrump
@KillingTime2015: @realDonaldTrump @NicolleDWallace @TheView clean house  Not W.G.
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed hearing you again this Memorial Day ! I am partial to you - trustworthy American
@peg4cats: @TerryLambert201 @realDonaldTrump you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration
@GeneMcGee6: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity is so great towards you. Just doesn't like people on his show to bad mouth you. He is great .
Via @BreitbartNews: u201cDONALD TRUMP: u2018RICH PEOPLE DONu2019T LIKE MEu2019u2013POOR, MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE u2018LIKE ME BESTu2019u201d 
@RickStans1: Donald, Megyn Kelly seeks ratings, not truth Not much of a journalist. Stay focused &amp; make your own narrative. It's working
@Latinos4Trump16: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN I'll be watching ud83dudc40
@KevWeezy5: @realDonaldTrump = my personal hero
@whyWinblo: @realDonaldTrump please make this country great again &amp; help secure our borders Mr. Trump, you're our last hope. #Trump2016
@KangDedy_RI_1: @realDonaldTrump Donald, you are my best mentor to richest and successful
I have been leading big in all  polls, with two more today, @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next,  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
@ktumulty Polls indicate that a Trump presidency is now inevitable. #August
I'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
@_marryyy: @realDonaldTrump was right. Correct infrastructure wouldn't even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed
@pnicastro1:  @WayneNewtonMrLV He did give tremendous praise for you this morning on @foxandfriends. Keep it up!Make America Great Again!
@mjnstn: Very entertaining interview with @realDonaldTrump. Last quote in article is hilarious .. 
@SheStampsAlot: @NBCNews @TODAYshow #FireBrianWilliams disgrace to news. Ask any military vet if they misremember being fired at.
@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @MusgravesPark @geraldorivera Geraldo is being a high maintenance diva!
@JoeyCarna: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump GUYS SHOULD HAVE WON I don't disagree but executives picked!
@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfDC thats great and all but are you running for pres  Watch!
@amir_ibrahim26: @realDonaldTrump I think u should run for president all small business here in Memphis the closing down because of tax
@AhmedBawazir: I'm very sure that @realDonaldTrump does things excellently 
@d_mc_cullough: @paddyb_ireland @realDonaldTrump Do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world.
@AmandaJoCountry @realDonaldTrump He just knows how to ask the right questions to get the celebs to turn on each other, which I find funny
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
@NobamaDotCom: An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters: We've won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And  @GeorgeWill &amp; @krauthammer - watch and learn
Thank you @DennisRodman.  It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well! 
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.
Why does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
Looking for Father's Day gift? @Miamimagazine named the spa @TrumpDoral one of the best places for men to relax 
@PatSheldon10913: @realDonaldTrump had a great time in Myrtle Beach tonight.
@RLHoldenSr: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!
@Diplomtc_Immnty: @realDonaldTrump They tried to take you out &amp; your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not @FOXNews moderators.
@DanFarfan: More fun @ApprenticeNBC dual tonight. T.O. was in tough spot. Perhaps this.. 
@thehill: NEW POLL: Trump's massive lead grows in post-debate poll 
u201cTrump: u2018Very much inclinedu2019 to enter GOP White House raceu201d 
Via World Tribune The elites' problem with Donald Trump: He's not for sale by Jeffrey T. Kuhner 
@NeilECollins: @realDonaldTrump If you run in 2016 how can we be of help.
@SKennedy1979: No one else brings the passion, conviction, experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! I'm excited.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
@isellbesthomes: @realDonaldTrump we need you to run for President, and fix these problems, you can do this!!
@TheBillyRobbins: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald Run....Donald Trump 2016
@MightyWhimpFarm: @realDonaldTrump It is so unbelievably nice to see @Joan_Rivers on the @TheApprentice9! #CelebApprentice
Thank you @SahilKapur for the wonderful story.   n
@The_Buffs: Congrats to @realDonaldTrump in JCOPE victory over lightweight @AGSchneiderman
Thank you! #Trump2016n
Via HT Politics 
@justariot66: Rand, Cruz, Rubio next week. A hat trick of never gonna win Donald if you ever were for real this is the time.
WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! @not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES 
@TNVOLINFL: @accesshollywood @realDonaldTrump @BWilliams @Rosie LOVE @realDonaldTrump Thanks for saying what we think.
Trump National Golf Club Bedminster, New Jersey, has courses designed by Tom Fazio &amp; 16 acres of practice facilities. 
Great! 
@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @BDubLasVegas @foxandfriends WE LOVE U TRUMP
Isnu2019t it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
@Roadstarr1: @realDonaldTrump @GovMikeHuckabee @FoxNews Mike Huckabee is a very nice gentleman and yes Donald you raised wonderful children
@Jaybaby63  Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said I'm a negotiator like you Got standing O-rated best of day!
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
@TdavisTonya: Mr. Trump, our government is imploding. America needs your strong and honest leadership. Pls 'throw your hat in the ring'!
.@natalie_gulbis  Thank you for your support this morning on @GolfChannel. Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all.
Dummy @Clare_OC @Forbes: Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!
@i_am__tyler: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
@nursemary33: @realDonaldTrump @MsVivicaFox class act!!!!
@trumpisawinner: .You're the real deal. For my money, tedcruz just doesn't cut the mustard. Go Trump! #DonaldTrump #THEDonald
@BasilicaCEO: Annoyed that Ted Cruz announced he's running because I don't like anyone except @realDonaldTrump.
There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava 
@NYCStadsliv: @realDonaldTrump @StephPrichard1 You have my vote Mr. Trump, give 'em hell.  I will.
@JudyBaldasaro: It was a pleasure to meet Donald with Rep @Al_Baldasaro &amp; I at VIP Recept in Amherst, NH #nhpolitics 
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
Via @BPolitics by @Griffin Aboard Donald Trumpu2019s 757 at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention 
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easyu2014he came in dead last!
@TonyInOkla2015: @realDonaldTrump @gen_yvette @markus_42 No more RINOs and fence sitters. We want Donald Trump for president !!!!!!
Donald Trump promises 'world-class' Crandon Park golf course 
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term anchor babies, offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!
@bobby990r_1: @realDonaldTrump would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! America is waiting for him to LEAD us out of this mess!
@BillyParker03: @realDonaldTrump The @BillAndMoShow has your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!
@giatny:  Rubio an orator/liar like Obama but totally unqualified. Rubio visa bill did NOT protect American workers. See Disney.
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
@FlyOSUBuckeye1: @realDonaldTrump: @pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 #trumpforpresident 
Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center. 
Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated! 
@The_Paul08: It's almost here, finally!!!! The new Celebrity #Apprentice premiers tomorrow on @nbc! @realDonaldTrump #excited
@BretBaier: Tonight on the #SpecialReport panel we have @georgewillf, @ron_fournier and @JonahNRO. What a group of losers on your panel!
@premuse: @realDonaldTrump Let's take this country back. #TrumpLeeds2016
Thank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue.
Thanks. 
@DrHardick: .@realDonaldTrump @MLeitzmann @TrumpTowerNY love love love that wall. Memories forever! #architecture #nyc
@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness
@LesgartCPA: @jaketapper @realDonaldTrump Problem is I never watched you until Trump started giving you interviews and ratings on CNN.
John McCain called thousands of people crazies when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to @PhoenixConvCtr! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
@erin_thereseV: @realDonaldTrump is Kate her own charity? Last I checked she doesn't have a job... or raise money.
For America to be strong again, the ways of politicians must be put in the past. Letu2019s Make America Great Again!  
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends i cant wait
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016 
@AaCeallaigh: Please run Mr Trump. @realDonaldTrump @AAcrowellt
@RayYedman: Rephrase &amp; quote Al Davis. #justrunbaby #Trump2016 Don't disappoint. There isn't another way 2 make America great again
.@genesimmons,nu00a0nAmazing!nu00a0nThank you.nu00a0nu00a0
@SamDoyle12  thx for the RT--what is a good book I can read, that can help me in starting my business? The Art of the Deal and Midas Touch
@lexdeck: I swear I'll work for @realDonaldTrump one day, watch out.
@SurfPHX: Geez Mr. Trump, they are coming for you even before the REAL debate. @wolfblitzer asks all negative Trump questions! #Trump
@maxxgadog: @LindaSuhler @realDonaldTrump if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching
@ept_rudyru @AnnCoulter I'm Hispanic &amp; @realDonaldTrump has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland! 
.@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: u2018The Country Is in Rebellion,u2019 Trump Can u2018Kick Down the Doorsu2019 n
@tonyewen: @ReaganWorld @realDonaldTrump is the real deal! When was the last time we had someone with true conviction for US?
@stephyygurl: Trump in Chicago is ALMOST as beautiful as Mar-A-Lago ud83dude0d @realDonaldTrump 
@jsilva74366572: @realDonaldTrump cant wait til your anouncment . You have my vote . Lets make america great again
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
@DDiTarant: America needs @realDonaldTrump ! #Trump2016 #BuildTheFence #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@joehos18: Trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all
We need a real President! 
@theratzpack: @Svingali @FoxNews @megynkelly i don't care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED
@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@AmyMek Every Time I see @realDonaldTrump address a crowd I want to start chanting USA, USA, USA! #AmericanPride is Back #Trump2016
Congratulations are in order! @TrumpPanama ranks #5 Top Hotel in Panama by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards! 
@playazball: @JoshCalebKing @BestBergerEver @realDonaldTrump and the Irish love Trump! 
Looking forward to keynoting @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!
@PValk16: Many are missing the point, the US needs @realDonaldTrump to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media.
@bryan_carpenter:  @LeezaGibbons should win! She has grown so much and is a natural born leader! So professional and kind. She's a gift!
@HoganSeaisle129: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @Joan_Rivers beautiful tribute to the fabulous Joan rivers and Ivanka
@KBrocking: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer The Donald is the only good Republican candidate, in my opinion. Rubio, Perry, etc??? Um, no.
@stylin1188: Donald Trump is running the most cost-effective presidential campaign in modern history 
@JRMcClaren: @ToryIreland @realDonaldTrump is GOPu2019s best chance to win in Nov. 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@Gilmore747: Miss Universe Top Contender this year? Y or N @realDonaldTrump #MissUniverse 
@LadyZales: You're the only one for the job! You never take any crap from anyone and that's the kind of president I want! #Trump2016
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't. n#Trump2016 
@michaelglassner: A GREAT DAY in South Carolina for DonaldTrump &amp; #TeamTrump! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a lightweight.
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root 
Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest --- #BeCool! #Trump2016n
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
.@ericbolling did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!
@sassysexylove: @realDonaldTrump: Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION! --- just look at our country. Exactly right! #trump2016
@WeWantMitt2016: The last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. Good for us. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@LeghanLiptak712: CNN tried to destroy Donald Trump with vaccine autism question, but he gave this AMAZING response 
Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude!
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
@Chris0u24: @realDonaldTrump I've just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Once again, #MSM is dishonest. Schlonged is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got schlonged that meant beaten badly.
@SoCal4Trump: Wow @megynkelly. You openly LIE about who's ahead in the GOP race. Trump is LEADING in 99% of polls. Shameful... #StopTheLies
@onesoldiersmom:I can't even imagine how great this place would be w/ you at the helm. Thank you for speaking out so forcefully for the USA
Will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM.
Thank you. 
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
@Dark_Red_Hair2: .@realDonaldTRUMP will get things done for America 
@Reagan_Girl: MSM are LYING to you about Hispanics hating Trump. Here's the real deal!  #HispanicsForTrump 
@MKBeattie: @realDonaldTrump vs @HillaryClinton for the White House would make for awesome debates! I agree!
Wow, the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
@RustyOsborne15: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote  Thanks.
@williamgardanis: Working class democrats ,Independents ,Americans that never voted before to decide this election LANDSLIDE MANDATE 4 DJT
@SenorVito9: @realDonaldTrump your contributions to the world are priceless! Thank you for your wisdom and inspirational life! Thank you!
@anthonycl: .@realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president! He's the only one who can run a successful business!
@lasannewton @realDonaldTrump The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors
@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @cdgrafics @greta exactly he knows how to win important
@K9_Bellavia: @realDonaldTrump really hope you hop on the campaign train and run for office next election. Turn us around.
@scook5656: @realDonaldTrump we need Trump for President! I agree!
@phxladydi  @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you can bring America back to great.  You don't cowernto the media, lobbyists or anyone else.
@tzn1980: @realDonaldTrump loveee @Kateplusmy8
@frankdimauro: @realDonaldTrump Keep speaking the truth. The media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is. #Trump2016
@IslesFan83: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run. America needs it badly.
@jjeffries33: @realDonaldTrump hopefully your announcing your running for president tonight on Letterman! #trump2016
@userback: @realDonaldTrump @realJoeMurray I would support you. I think you are very smart! Thank you.
@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except jobs pres @realDonaldTrump!
@jamison1013gma1: @realDonaldTrump @burger__meister I pray that the good lord will give you the strength to run MR. TRUMP Thank you.
@ccorreia401: @realDonaldTrump @blewthebigone well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again.
@younggbon: I would easily vote for @realDonaldTrump if he ran for president.
@McInnis11: @realDonaldTrump saying he'd use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him
Thank you.  
@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @hammetjohn I've been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump.
@TdavisTonya: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor TRUMP FOR AMERICA!
@timelord55: @realDonaldTrump @OgreUasshole @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons I agree why less episodes. @nbc are fools
@TalkerNewYorker: I say Flag Day perfect for an announcement of the presidential variety @realDonaldTrump  My birthday, interesting.
@mrsschiff2010: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends another great Monday with you on! #makeamericagreatwithTrump
@mozarttaig1: @CNBC is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!
@KingRollinZonez: @realDonaldTrump never voted but your getting my vote
Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
.@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!
No more Clintons or Bushes! 
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
@RustyHook2:  @ApprenticeNBC I just watched the tease on you tube. Terrell,Johnny and Kate won't be there for long. We will see...
@pkellyshock: @realDonaldTrump if you don't run I won't vote
@jakub_lisa:  @HillaryClinton A Clinton Cannot be trusted!How many x's do we allow them to disgrace this country? #NoClintonInWHEverAgain
Highly respected economist @Larry_Kudlow is a big fan of my tax planu2014thank you Larry. 
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
@catham11: @EW Love this man!!! @realDonaldTrump Thanks.
@amiguiza: @realDonaldTrump I believe in Kevin Jonas!!! he's the best #TeamKevin #AskKevin
@AndrewVaccari: @realDonaldTrump You are an inspiration! Best wishes from across the pond! Thanks.
@BombasticSigma: Can you just announce already that you're running for president so I can campaign for you. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@spiritofshiloh: Carson has the WORST health plan EVER re: Soc Sec and Medicare. @realDonaldTrump  He wants to abolish Medicare - no way!
@rexhispaniae: @realDonaldTrump will be watching with my entire family. We are so happy you're back on TV, Mr Trump! Huge fans here!
@rebamoreland you must be doing something right, cause the left has circled the war wagons. Stay strong in your convictions, WE LOVE IT!!
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
@ShortCakesSheep: @katiekms53 @realDonaldTrump I would wanna work for him. I worked for GW Bush and would wanna work for Trump.
@MarshaABrady: @realDonaldTrump @TheApprentice9 I hope it's Kate, I don't want to look at her again, on this show or any other.... Sorry
.@oreillyfactor, why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.
@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @Operator1975 Agreed! We need you!
@RockyRoad_: Kate's Brain The Lights Are On And No Ones Home!ud83dude33 #CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice #TheApprentice @realDonaldTrumpud83dudc54
@ElcaminoJesus: @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump Your behavior is awful. You need to dial down the arrogance!
Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Letu2019s see if he treats me fairlyu2014enjoy!
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
@Olivianuzzi: @realDonaldTrump you are amazing
@washpostjobs: Who's excited for the hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office into his newest hotel? We are!
@robertpatrick @FoxBusiness saying the day Trump declares Mike Wallace will take him seriously. You mean Chris, Mike was his great father.
@WendyJFluga28: DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
@JoshHadleySays: @realDonaldTrump @dungyots Yes, a sequel to one of the biggest hits of 1990s, who knew.
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- 
@jonnati77: @EWErickson : TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Piers. 
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 7:30 n    
@rmutt_17: @realDonaldTrump @la_loquita All we need is TRUMP to fix the cuntry!! #trumpisawesome #trumpcard #capitalism
They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why arenu2019t they arresting a far bigger crook --@AGSchneiderman?
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
@KelliKM  @realDonaldTrump stay strong D.  The last thing America needs is the same old politician.
@MatthewLadzik The golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules @realDonaldTrump great read #MidasTouch #ThankYou
@Ant #CelebApprentice is starting now don't miss @realDonaldTrump and the hidden gem who's already underestimated the amazing @RealGilbert
The new Red Tiger course at @TrumpDoral- 
Television ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
Via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh:POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER 
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: Donald Trump: US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerry's Imagination 
@Bane1349: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait til you enter the race Mr. Trump. Wait till the Fall after the others have beaten themselves up.
@MeetinLongBeach: @TrumpGolfLA @RepostApp @PGAGrandSlam Looking forward to welcoming this event to the Greater #LongBeach area! #MeetinLB
@Truth_or_Rumor: @realArthurSpina @realDonaldTrump Hey Hillary, America will feel much safer once you've failed to get into office.
Via @postandcourier by @skropf47: u201cDonald Trump: Donu2019t politicize Walter Scott shootingu201d 
@justrelaxfornow: @realDonaldTrump @RealPro4Real @TrumpGolfLA Your son Eric is awesome.
@rikemohome: @GeorgeWill @FoxNewsSunday   George is full of Crap SC Element TV's Are CHINESE MADE. 
@daxdav21: Say what you will about @realDonaldTrump, the man is not only a business &amp; political expert, but he truly loves his country!
Happy Friday the 13th 
@Mymustang1964: @realDonaldTrump this season of the #CelebrityApprentice is off to a great start!
On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city 
@thermoclinee Hey @realDonaldTrump - had a spectacular round @TrumpFerryPoint - drove the green on #7. Awesome track! Great views! Thanks
@MollyOgden: @realDonaldTrump This is what I like best about you -- someone lies about you and you call them right out.That's how it's done
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals --  and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@pereirjb1: Best speech given by @realDonaldTrump @ FreedomSummit @Common Sense. says Jeb/Mitt *  
@SteveMarz1: @Felix_Clay  @kpdelbridge @seanhannity but McCain is not a hero. McCain abandoned POW 
@haileemh13: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo looks happy they lost bc he wasn't project manager. #CelebApprentice
My honor. 
@DagnyRed: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump u2b05ufe0f I'm Latina/ Legal &amp; fully support you speaking the TRUTH! Don't back down!
@saadvisory: @realDonaldTrump Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!
I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
@DNorrell: @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Trump is only good canidate - non-politician non-insider - bring transpaency back. @realDonaldTrump
@blindtothetruth Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians he's running against. Cowards.
Watch my live book signing now! 
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
Post-Debate via @OANN. Thank you!n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
Not under my watch- 
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.  #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE
Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
Just did @OReillyFactor. Will be back on at 11pm on @FoxNews.
Via @ArabianBusiness: u201c@IvankaTrump eyes new projects in Abu Dhabiu201d for Trump Organization 
@JimmyForTrump: @insighter007 @OAmericanGirl  All Rep should stand with #Trump2016 Forget Bush, Rubio and knife attackers! #Trump2016
@realkingrobbo: @realDonaldTrump @Greg39529063 @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters the best man for the job! Thanks!
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran.
@HL3tweets: Jeb and Marco OWE IT to their contributors to admit they have NO CHANCE of winning, and figure out how to PAY BACK everyone
u201cBut if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun.u201d - @DalaiLama
u201cDonald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases.u201d 
@JeremyManning36: @realDonaldTrump when do I get my #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016 #presskit #yardsigns Cute, stay tuned.
@JodiL792: @DefendingtheUSA @america_trump @60Minutes Thats exactly what I thought. We haven't had great leader since Reagan&amp;now Trump
u201cThe Trumps pay tribute to the late @Joan_Riversu201dn  
On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our countryu2019s finest.
@Subdoc101:Trump said on @foxandfriends today PPL are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be #POTUS. The answer is #TRUMPCARES
Have some fun with this- 
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016
@BK00023: Donald Trump's resume backs his run for president 
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.
@Trump4potusplz: Had to join Twitter for the first time just to support Donald @realDonaldTrump . TRUMP 2016 Great!
Trump's National Lead Increases to 35.6% Going into the Third GOP Debate it's Trump, Carson and Rubio 
Will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
.@BretBaier   Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!
@catham11: @realDonaldTrump @DallasVercillo Trump has SWAG ud83dude18ud83dude18ud83dude18
@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue.
@WineChics: Trump Winery: 
@Whatyouknowjr: @realDonaldTrump @Realistboutmine All you need to do is announce and we're there!
ICYMI, Via @nypost by Post Editorial Board: u201c@TrumpFerryPoint: New Gem in the Bronxu201d 
My @greta int. on @FoxNews on how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, &amp; Making America Great Again! 
@HeatherChilders: @LavelleGerald @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you too Gerald! Thanks for watching! Great job Heather!
@WalterWhfla: @realDonaldTrump unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT
Jeb has been confused for forty years- 
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
Will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. ENJOY!
@FoxNewsInsider: .@realDonaldTrump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' 
@ohbehave71: @realDonaldTrump Kenya Moore - hmmmm - Won't be there long. Needs to go. #CelebApprentice
@PopularPosters: Our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth
@WGinetta: @CNNSotu THE @realDonaldTrump &amp; @BernieSanders ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH #CORRUPT POLITICIANS
@rosannascotto: Coming up @realDonaldTrump on #GDNY talking about his new golf course in the Bronx! What else is on your mind?
@mesiaindo: @chazermann26 I don't think @NBC will cave. They've seen ratings soar with @realDonaldTrump and Money matters!
@PlaisanceAnn: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!!
@SMW5683: @realDonaldTrump Donald trump will do this country  good! He is a businessman &amp; will know how to grow our economy
@albo9:  @gen_yvette Run Run what are you waiting for? Lots of support out here in york, pa. Willing to set up shop here for you..
@97Musick: @FoxNewsSunday @skyjones55 @realDonaldTrump Of course they're going up! Trump is going to WIN this!! #Trump2016  Thanks.
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision.
@iamgerg: @realDonaldTrump best looking building in Chicagou2026
.@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
@JUSTTHETRUTHTV: @WFinchner @realDonaldTrump @Macys So? How does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?
@WilyKayote @LenToddWOR  I hope the Don throws his hat in the ring for POTUS. He can't be bought!  He said this country is going to Hell
To all my fans, sorry I couldnu2019t do The Apprentice any longeru2014but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
Congrats to great golfer @Frostpga on his big win last week. Always been best putter. Frost Wins for Trump
@pgatimmyd @nypost They are morons Mr. Trump, I heard your speech it was excellent.  EXACTLY what America needed to hear!  Thanks.
@NJunger_19: @GingerPascoe @realDonaldTrump Exactly. Thats y i said ive never voted REP but i will if Donald runs. REP or not, he gets it.
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
@DeeMcNa: @FoxNews Silent majority did not try to kill their mothers, like Ben Carson, but wants America rebuilt by only one capable:TRUMP
The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them.  
@LaurenHayes021: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president it would be the best thing that had happened to this country in a long time!
@MrMet41: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 He gets things done ! So true!
@sempek1: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump Trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as Steve Hayes said - small fry.
@DanielleBoussel: I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong-@realDonaldTrump
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
@amstaffbru: Pull out the heavy artillery, buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet. You,Mt.T, have my Vote hands down
I still donu2019t know who Iu2019m going to choose. @GeraldoRivera or @LeezaGibbons? Who do you like?  @ApprenticeNBC
Via @newsobserver by @RaleighReporter: In Raleigh, Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid 
@pbstwo @RasmussenNews @realDonaldTrump @weeklystandard. And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists.
@NeBonnie: @markg0077 @helendhughes @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney I agree! Romney needed #Trump's cajones - all I'm saying!
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on u201chitu201d ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again! 
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
@Darci51: @realDonaldTrump the blue! I don't care WHAT @nbc says or @Macys Screw them! I'm voting 4 you, Mr. Trump! #trumpforpresident
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
@pepsidaisy: DonaldTrump Wish I could be there! Can't wait for 06/16/15 @ 11am! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@thehill: WATCH LIVE: Trump talks about treatment of veterans in Norfolk, Va. 
@itsEmilyshine: @realDonaldTrump would be the best president ud83dude4cud83cudffbud83dude4cud83cudffbud83dude4cud83cudffb #DonaldTrumpforPresident
@DavidNYCT: @realDonaldTrump We will!
@anurag7287: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you are the best  Thanks.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst. She made up story-want apology!
@blueeyd2020: @JebBush reminds me now of @BobbyJindal but no one cares Jeb! You lost your chance. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump
@susieqlaw: @realDonaldTrump great PM choices! #CelebrityApprentice
@sabrinabrierowe: @CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump Rushed home to watch my FAVORITE show #CelebApprentice ..... @TuLa2Nails
Just watched Cookie Roberts on @ABC. Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @kneehighspy trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. Go ahead and run for pres
Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
@CharlieG_DC: RT @realDonaldTrump: Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Via Huffington Post Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner 
@JoethomasSmith: #DemDebate  The @IvankaTrump interview tomorrow on @CNN will have better ratings than the #democraticdebate #Trump2016
Going to Scotland, Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!
@JSears68: Poll numbers will go up even more for @realDonaldTrump after Obama's 'address'
@CPO_Mark_2010: @realDonaldTrump is fired up on @cnn!!! So are your supporters!! #Trump2016
Thank you, Piers, they don't know what they're getting into.  
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than heu2019s gotten in ten years. Good for him!
@1smltwngrl: @realDonaldTrump Make some heads roll. Run for president dammit!
@lirpa_mc: @realDonaldTrump Loved seeing Joan Rivers tonight! And @IvankaTrump is such a classy, amazing woman. You should be proud!
@klo211 @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realDonaldTrump  Donald you keep saying you could fix this country! That would be great. Then run!!!
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
@jrpantiques: @realDonaldTrump @TheFix @pbump THE SCRIPT FOR A GREAT WORLD CHANGING LEADER TO ARISE HAS BEEN WRITTEN &amp; IT WAS FOR MR. TRUMP
@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump ATL LOVES TRUMP!!!  Thanks!
@dboiarsky: @realDonaldTrump MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, DT! ud83dudc4d
@BNicehouse: @realDonaldTrump GET THIS LUNATIC OUT OF OFFICE RUN FOR PRESIDENT!
@MasterBaxter8: We are all hungry for a Trump candidacy. Hillary announcement was expected. Let's show her the competition! #Trump2016
The road to success is always under construction.n-- Arnold Palmer
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-
@hillarysusans: @realDonaldTrump You rocked both events. The @washingtonpost knows it too!! Thank you for a great brunch and a great talk!!
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!
@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump Run for president please! #Trump2016
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters space to destroy - another real genius!
@MachadoKirk: @StrengthenTheUS  @realDonaldTrump Carson is not a nice guy. He knows his SuperPAC throws Mud on Trump 24/7 #ActingMeek
@PerryGolf: Top 100 Golf Courses @golf_com 
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
Via @fitsnews:u201cDonald Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATEu2019S u2018ANTI-BUSHu2019 
@AProudRebel: @realDonaldTrump HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS, GO TRUMP, TRUMP NATION.
Terrific response to my previous tweet: Iu2019ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM. 
@peterjbates: @realDonaldTrump and @peterjbates discussing the @TrumpCollection in New York 
@user9888: Money was never a big motivation for me,except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. @realDonaldTrump
@belllachay: @realDonaldTrump Please tell me you're going to run for the BIG one...PRESIDENT! USA needs you! #AllTheWay #VoteTrump
.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
@FatRotty: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to beat Ted Cruz down in a debate. #Trump2016
Iu2019m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributionsu2014feel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon! 
@kwrcrow: @CommunityJC  I agree America is disheartened. I truly believe #Trump can turn this country around. He is the only 1 who can
@valmouw: @realDonaldTrump where are you? I'm already getting bored and it hasn't even started #DemDebate
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: u201cTrump says he will decide on a presidential run by Juneu201dn  
Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable.
Via @swan_investor by @Forbes: u201cThe Trump Card: Make America Great Againu201d 
@KEEMSTARx: Wait Mhndz,  you have 5 mins to prove to me that @realDonaldTrump  doesn't support the latinos  if u do i'll paypal u $1k.
@barbgee68: @realDonaldTrump Excellent! I still can't believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Haven't Americans learned anything?  NO!
@4mostcoach: 100% @realDonaldTrump SUPPORTERS ARE TRUE BLUE and we are MOTIVATED! 
@10inchpolitics: @realDonaldTrump air strikes? Who's air strikes??
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today. 
@ShortCakesSheep: I am rooting for @RealGilbert @kevinjonas but if I was on the #Apprentice I would call my friend @limbaugh to help
@Highlander6700: @realDonaldTrump @Macys: Seems 1 or 2 lines of Mr. Trump's comments about immigrants are continuously taken out of context
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen, apply and move forward. Set the standard!
u201c30,000 MACYu2019S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMPu201d  
@hallmarkm1 @realDonaldTrump is the only Presidential candidate that TRULY is fighting to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@J_SAB_: @realDonaldTrump for president !
#TrumpAdvice 
@MichelleM: Praying for only more success for DJT. An honorable man who knows The Art of The Deal &amp; who would not make a bad deal w/ #Iran
I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.
True! 
.@DanaPerino  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle
@bahia6085: @TrumpFerryPoint @realDonaldTrump WOW!
@annmcg01 @rosannascotto Much as I will miss Celeb Apprentice, we need a real President! I'd vote for him!  Love to see him on #GDNY
@livingcoastalsc: @MsVivicaFox is a class act! #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
@fackinpeter: Can't wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow. hope u talk about how lame #MayweatherPacquiao was #Trump2016
@Luigiboria: Extraordinario Concierto en #Doral con @SantanaCarlos Great concert at @TrumpDoral  #mayorluigiboria 
@TheShowOff85: Too excited to seeing my two favourite people on TV together on one show, that's @realDonaldTrump and @KenyaMoore.
The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
.@CarlyFiorina Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to u201clet Jeb talk, give him a chanceu201d because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
@LoriPatriot:Thank you DonaldTrump for speaking the truth &amp; saying what many of us have been. 
@woofeous @realDonaldTrump Everyone loves Donald because he'll tell it like it is without any political sugar-coating &amp; double-speak.
@marino_joanna: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor my money is on you in making a deal with Iran.
@moniquehorsey  I really love and admire @realDonaldTrump's high level of work ethic &amp; motivation. Very inspiring to entrepreneurs! Thanks
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you! 
@BetsyTabor: @realDonaldTrump watching Celebrity Apprentice right now! I love this show!!!
Via @PRNewswire u201cStreetsense Brings The National, a Geoffrey Zakarian Restaurant, to DC's New Trump Intl Hotelu201d 
@nbcsnl: From the last time Donald Trump hosted #SNL u2014 The Boardroom Band. 
@PrimMrs: @Rockprincess818 The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for @realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@socalmike_SD: #Trump2016 @realdonaldtrump unofficial fight song 
@Chr:DonaldTrump reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like is he for real Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD
@radioworldsv:Tomorrow on TODAY @MLauer moderates @realDonaldTrump town hall, live from New Hampshire. #TrumpTODAY 
@williamonlyrent So sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues. It will be so great to have #Trump2016 say it like it is!
@ShapiroJD: @realDonaldTrump You should be on #SharkTank as a guest star. #Trump2016 #kingofthedeal Nice show!
@Nick95B: @realDonaldTrump I'll only vote for TRUMP! If eGOP screw things up I won't vote for ANY republicans; ANY 
.@MelindaDC  Donu2019t misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as youu2019ll find out after I get elected.
I got to know @ScottWalker wellu2014heu2019s a very nice person and has a great future.
@Shelia1965A:  God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground.
People are really liking my new book, Crippled America. Check it out!
It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @TheUSALifeStyle @GOP Trump all the way!
@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @HCannonball not being a career politician is an asset. I'm on board trump can make America great again.
.@GretchenCarlson's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. u201cGetting Realu201d is as real as it gets. Get it &amp; enjoy! #GettingReal
@danhalen: DonaldTrump great job on Letterman last night! Great points on healthcare and our national debt! Thank you for bringing that up
@hiddenspeed42: @AY4WEB  No pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! That's his promise to us!! We love u trump
@TalismanJohnnyA: Waiting to see you at CPAC. Wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on Monday mornings #foxandfriends
@JPNwrites  The Oscars can learn a lot from the Miss Universe pageant. @realDonaldTrump  True!
@Warrior_Dave: @photomateme  @jacknicklaus I see it every day from the Whitestone - can't wait to play a round with my CGXs and Airmax's
@city1star: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Letterman. You're absolutely correct about healthcare it's horrible &amp; not working.
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!
@colemandonna61: @realDonaldTrump SO TRUE DONALD !!!
@RickyRicardo223: @realDonaldTrump would pick the strongest cabinet in history if he was president.  TRUE!
Great! 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!  
Via @TheTodaysGolfer u201c@TrumpScotland gets new clubhouseu201d 
@BenjamineEm: @realDonaldTrump's views regarding a more affordable health care system expressed on @Letterman is spot on.
@JayLefkowitz: @realDonaldTrump @fitsnews Agreed! Romney would be a terrible candidate that could never beat Hillary. We need Trump!
u201cDonald Trump Congratulated on @foxandfriends for Receiving the @Algemeineru2019s u2018Liberty Awardu2019u201d 
@tbc_branding: To my biz-minded tweeps from #SharkTankNation #Restaurantstartup #theprofit...I'll see you 2nite for #CelebrityApprentice
@steveman905: @realDonaldTrump You really need to commit to a presidential run. You can beat Clinton!  The only one that can!
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
@AndreaTantaros: DonaldTrump is right. And sadly Christians were treated better under Hussein &amp; Gaddafi than ISIS. 
Via @washingtonpost by @costareports: u201cTrump says he is serious about 2016 bid, is hiring staff and delaying TV gigu201d 
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll 
@zdavis14: @realDonaldTrump For pres #2016
@MNBosstom: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump I really needed to watch the Apprentice tonight!! Great show!! Motivates me!! #CelebApprentice
Via @njdotcom by Eugene R. Dunn, Medford: Donald Trump towers over GOP field 
Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators.
@roparsons: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends It is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. Mr. Trump you have my vote!
@nepafortrump: We now LIVE in a #CrippledAmerica but @realDonaldTrump WILL make the USA STRONGER than EVER b4 
@kathystone1221: @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN OMG! Carson is more LOW KEY than Jeb!! Tried to watch him, but fell asleep! #NOISYMAJORITY!
Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of  Celebrity Apprentice. Watch, you won't believe what happens!
The police in London say Iu2019m right. Major article in Daily Mail. u201cWe canu2019t wear uniform in our own cars.u201d  
.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
@KathyPenree: First time at Doral since the renovations, wow! Fantastic job @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump  Thanks.
@riley_nordquist: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will never get old ud83dudca5ud83dudd25ud83dudc4cud83cudfa7
@MarianoQCasilum: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE RUN AND RUN. PLEASE HELP US LIBERATE AMERICA FROM oBAMA'S MALADIES!
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better.
@fanodale: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump watched 60 mins first time ever. Love Trump hate Scotty
@sharonDay5: The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016
@TheVotingVenue: @realDonaldTrump when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers, remind them of this article: 
@GreatmakeupKate: @realDonaldTrump @Jdwillms1Jeff Donald Trump is the greatest hope for this country we have
Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack Nicklaus
Via @BreitbartNews by Steve Bannon: u201cu2018TIME TO GET TOUGHu2019: TRUMPu2019S BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTOu201d 
.@SheriffClarke  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical gotcha questions
My @Live5News int. with @WilliamLive5 in South Carolina with @citadelgop cadets on my 757 discussing 2016 
@ZachAdkinsZ: @realDonaldTrump You should totally run for president. I don't think Hillary has what it takes.
@2timeslucky: @steph93065 @FoxNews Kimberly G. hosted Greta last nights&amp; told the TRUTH about Trump! 
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.
@alorcafesocial: @realDonaldTrump @BellaNYCMag love YA Donald!!
Via @LINKSMagazine: u201cOnly The Donald 
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@bella270012: @realDonaldTrump @JenCromartie Waiting on that 6/16 announcement. Please don't disappoint me..... u263a Stay tuned.
Almost no news organizations are showing the satirical pictures. Gee, I wonder why? The media is usually so brave!
The @HuffingtonPost is a total joke &amp; laughing stock of journalism, as is gross Arianna Huffington. They donu2019t report the facts!
@DEmeryTaylor: @realDonaldTrump The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!
@prissyalways: @realDonaldTrump I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting. #DemDebate
@pennybishop16: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon  Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!
The @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
@StraightHand: @realDonaldTrump I'd pay to watch that - The Donald vs Hillary  Get ready!
@markraymond  Thanks Mark, they will!
It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it  #1for pol season.
ICYMI, via @PageSix by @Mohris: u201cDonald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity galau201d 
@faktmeister: U r 1000% correct, Politicians can't fix problems Politicians made. The Executive Branch needs a real Chief Executive. Run!
@Politicalhit: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for your official announcement that you are running #POTUS2016 Go Trump Go
Via @NRO by @LovelaceRyanD: Trump Slams Bush: u2018I Donu2019t See Him Winning; I Donu2019t See Thereu2019s Any Wayu2019 
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger @FoxNews @businessn  
@OrianaUK: u r amazing, students and business's learn so much through ur program it's very inspiring as well as entertaining. Thank u!
@Yoel_NY: @realDonaldTrump @Peggynoonannyc  As a democrat I have to say, since Hillary is the front-runner, I will choose Trump.
Via @WalidShoebat: u201cWatch Donald Trump: He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix Americau201d 
@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider @realDonaldTrump @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up .
The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
Via @ABCPolitics by @rickklein: Trump Blasts Romney, Bush; Says GOP Has 'Nobody Like Trump' 
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @rjispy Yes- Trump wouldn't owe anyone anything. Important! So true!
@joehos18: BOOM - Univision Reluctantly Reports Donald Trump Leading With Latino Republicans.... 
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!
@RunPureMichigan  Macy's stock drops after coming out in support of #illegals dust up with @realDonaldTrump and public #BoycottMacys
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily 
A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: Practice puts brains in your muscles! THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.
@kitkat123frank: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @SpecialKMB1969. You have my vote
Going over to @ABC to do LIVE  at 9:00.
@DeborahCroce5: @realDonaldTrump ends speech in Franklin, Tennessee w/ Thank You I Love You All!! We love you 2 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Via @Newsmax_Media by @dpatten32: u201cTrump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojou201d 
@Reveretoo: @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Absolutely. All the American people need is a leader to rise up #DonaldTrump
@isabelsimon80: @realDonaldTrump @brentcfritz Donald has as good of a chance as anyone else.. ud83dudc4dPeople like him...NO MORE POLITICIAN'S...
@RedScareBot: @brandongordy1: @realDonaldTrump is what we millennials need. I used to support that socialist from VT, what a mistake.
@Realistboutmine: F.Y.I  Will make a excellent president He has what it takes to turn this county around he is Donald Trump for a reason.
@antoknee71: @realDonaldTrump @ChannyEats Omarosa of this season, Kenya!!!
@JoshGundle: @realDonaldTrump Time we had a real president who gets things done. Cheers to the JFK of the 21st century! #Trump2016 CUTE!
Why did @oreillyfactor give @davidaxelrod so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste
@dashing1995: You've said Mexico is not a friend. I agree. USA faces Mexico tomorrow in soccer. @ussoccer could use a shout out from you.
@DavidKyleOnline: @realDonaldTrump attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction.
Entrepreneurs:  Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up!
@Jack_P_Ivory: @realDonaldTrump for president! Only vote worth casting!
Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers 
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
@CodyShirk @genemarks @Entrepreneur @realDonaldTrump Because he speaks &amp; acts like a real person; not like a slimy, calculated politician.
New episode starting now!
@HCannonball: Everybody get on the Trump Train!! It's a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016
@rosenavy5:  @MCLAUGHLlN I would vote for Donald Trump! ! A true American who understands business and stands by American people!
@hapearce1: @realDonaldTrump they need to take the debate slow, a lot of low energy on the stage tonight. I hope not!
@babyylissa: Obama calls immigrants gang bangers&amp;criminals but Trump gets attacked for calling SOME illegals from SOME countries bad people
.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel.
@MattDempsey83: Can't wait to see #CelebrityApprentice tonight! @MsVivicaFox is my absolute favourite!!! @realDonaldTrump
@fanfareman: DonaldTrump Sir so enjoyed Appren tonight tears in eyes for Terrell Shawn so sweet adorable everything you touch turns gold
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp; better
@EOetzel: @peddoc63 @realDonaldTrump  JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb....
@amd9890: .@realDonaldTrump was right...#DemDebate is boring ud83dude34ud83dudca4 these ppl are so scripted  So far!
@TOLEDOSNOW: You should run for president Mr. Trump! You're a great man and I would love to see what you could do for the United States!
@hollyammon: @realDonaldTrump @MalachiNorris Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth, no matter how politically unpopular it may be.
@UnitedCitizen01: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Would be AWESOME moderators for next debate #RushLimbaugh #SeanHannity #MarkLevin
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
A great night in Iowa! 
Republicans must stop relying on losers like @KarlRove if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him
@moekamerow: @AC360 Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and can't be bought Democrat for Trump
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We canu2019t send another politician to the White House 
@litleredhairgrl: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump #CelebrityApprentice way to go Shawn Johnson!
@marioraez1: Just came back from Chicago and ur building there is gorgeous! Best looking one in the city. Class and luxury all the way
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
@HaloOneForTrump: @realDonaldTrump has what MONEY CAN'T BUY: VISION &amp; LOYAL &amp; MOTIVATED SUPPORT! #veterans #military  @foxnews @cnn @GOP
@PatrickJLavin: @realDonaldTrump @GroverWindham @Highlander6700 @Macys Donald Trump for President 2016! America, let your voices be heard.
If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!
@thedanid: I see you, boss @realDonaldTrump ud83dude4cud83cudffc 
@Daaahawks @jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212   That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and  stands by it.
Jeb's new slogan - Jeb can fix it. I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word fix is not a good one to use in politics!
@ellenEspence: I'm not convinced that any candidate other than @realDonaldTrump is committed to securing our borders. #VoteTrump2016
@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump The more the media attacks you, the more I know you are the right person for the job.
@DonnySmith557: @realDonaldTrump Everything Mr. Trump touches turns to gold, what a great negotiator! !!!!! Thanks.
Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump when starting a business, what is the most important aspect? Find work that you love--be passionate about it.
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
@HalangManok: Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run! 
@Bennn_G: @realDonaldTrump you need to show them how it's done, run for office
@YossiGestetner: Whoa! @realDonaldTrump shoots up to 28% in YouGov from 15% two wks ago; outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
@ArrestJOEPA: @realDonaldTrump trump kicked Rosie's ass, he kicked penn states ass, he would totally kick the democrats ass!!! #trump2016
@StephPrichard1:  @RealDonaldTrump GOP: Trump's Fearless War with Univision Only Increases His Appeal - Breitbart 
It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Letu2019s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream! 
@megxmartine: I don't like @KenyaMoore why is she even on @ApprenticeNBC I wish @realDonaldTrump could answer this for me.
@CoolLukeHH: A shame that @kevinjonas got fired from the #CelebApprentice! Would like to see him come back! @realDonaldTrump  HE WILL!
@sandykjack: @realDonaldTrump -You are what America needs right now- We need a bad-ass President that we can trust and knows how to lead
@leftfootjustice: If @realDonaldTrump becomes @POTUS we will finally have a @WWE Hall of Famer as President.
Via @CNNPolitics by @mj_lee: Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix 
@ericschiffer  A talented family led by the best. 
@SimsDaniel: #Trump2016 Please! @realDonaldTrump
@cadigirl13: @realDonaldTrump Your not fired ! your hired! #TrumpForPresident
.@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
@davesportsgod: @AngieBatlle @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton After McCain and Romney, someone with an actual backbone would be refreshing.
@bbolaji9: Happy new year my president @realdonaldtrump Thank you.
@Great: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. - Donald Trump
Via @thestate by @AP: u201cDonald Trump: Giving u2018serious thoughtu2019 to presidential runu201d 
April is Autism Awareness Month, joinn me in raising awareness - get yourn u201cLight It Up Blueu201d sign here!n #LIUB 
@TeamSpringsteen: @realDonaldTrump I just finished reading Crippled America. It's a detailed blueprint to get America back on track.
Via @thehill by @martinmatishak: u201cTrump: u2018We look like weu2019re beggarsu2019 in Iran nuclear talksu201d 
@danlifting: @realDonaldTrump Get a life George Will. USA doesn't make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!
@rtesta: Like I said before we need to run the country more like a business. Who better than @realDonaldTrump to turn us around. #Trump2016
@rmt834: Watching Celebrity Apprentice. Great stuff so far @realDonaldTrump .
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
@MissCongress: @realdonaldtrump and @ivankatrump are my favorite people on TV. #CelebApprentice  Thanks.
@Kurt_Sengul: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Just run for President Donny, you'd win for sure. ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@AlexPerrry: First time watching Celebrity Apprentice and I'm really enjoying it! @realDonaldTrump
@McGurricane: #CelebApprentice is back on I love this show hats off to @realDonaldTrump for putting together a true masterpiece Thank you.
@ReillyCarole: @realDonaldTrump .We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it . Thank you!
@samijs1: Hahahahahahaha...love it!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2015 #TrumpTrain Choo choo...all aboard! :) 
@ShellyLeigh123: Awesome interview. You are always honest with the American people Thank you Mr. Trump!! 
Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
@CoachJMan: If the majority will bind together and support Trump we will reverse the downward spiral the US is on. 
Flashback @FoxNewsInsider July '14:u201cTrump: Bergdahl Swap Another Mistake By 'Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight'u201d 
@MargaretCrowth1: @realDonaldTrump So like the media to make something out of nothing. Don't let them sidetrack from the message.
Just purchased NBCu2019s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! @PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from @realDonaldTrump #Golf 
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!
@fabiolasellsnj: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC looking forward to this
Thank you. 
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble.
@Leodolphin3:  @gillibean8514 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc I hope @KenyaMoore or @GeraldoRivera win. They are fun to watch.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful! 
Donald Trump To Mitt Romney: 'Youu2019re Fired' 
@turkeyofmurica: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Competing show!
@Sisters4everT: Good Night all supporters. Great night Mr @realDonaldTrump, You ROCKED the Rocky Mountains &amp; the Nation tonight!!!
@charlottepturn: @Morning_Joe THERE WERE NO VIDEO CELL PHONES!IS AreUall looking4bonus?Near StJoes Hosp Paterson NJ Arab area outside celeb
It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
@real_one23: Sure they want Mr. Trump @realDonaldTrump out. He can't be bought. #notapuppet 

.@secupp, who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! @CNN
They are great people! 
@mareegrandy: @realDonaldTrump No No No ... Gosselin Has Go To Go ...
Wow, despite the switch to Monday night, @ApprenticeNBC ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show.
@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz
@wristbridge: Just set my DVR for The Apprentice. Let's go @realDonaldTrump
@AliWilbur: @realdonaldtrump @robinrn Mr.Trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. You must run @foxandfriends
I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!
@KGLeipsic: counting down the days to June 16. Why? @realDonaldTrump knows why.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
@EdwardChelednik: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Hey Donald your not alone. I can't watch it at all. Used to be all i watched.
@Joe_Hurwitz: @realDonaldTrump WOW YOU ARE GREAT AND YOUR HAIR IS AWESOME  Wow, I love the second part!
@MNManstein2: Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters Show Donald Trump Surging With 34 - 35% Support... 
@barbarabee2u: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Can;t wait!
Wow! @FoxNews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016
@jm9145: @realDonaldTrump Please run!!! USA needs a leader!
@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump Congrats. Have a great time! God Bless ! How about a hole in one!!!!
@XGNRaging: @realDonaldTrump I hope you become president!
@hep102309: We need a real man in Washington, with real policies and a firm grip on foreign issues. Please restore America#Trump2016
Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
@DRUDGE_REPORT: UPDATE: ISIS jihadists stole 'tens of thousands' of blank passports... 
@XGDesignsNYC: Yada yada...It's a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets! @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate  Thanks.
@Blitz2Fr: I won't rest until I have respectfully shaken the hand of DonaldTrump himself.ud83dudd05 #inspiration #RoleModel 
@Newsmax_Media: Trump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo 
.@BillKristol   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he didn't take five years to visit Israel
@glendabelle_11 @FoxNewsInsider @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump
.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
@TLCastle: @realDonaldTrump Do you plan on making any campaign stops in West Virginia? YES, soon.
@ray_aub:  Funny all the real polls have @realDonaldTrump way ahead.
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade
@pare900: @realDonaldTrump Hillary must not win.. These other Republican candidates are nothing. You are the real deal
@garycassard:  @washpostjobs: hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office. Rain or Shine Trump Delivers!
@WayneDupreeShow: HEADLINES: Donald Trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go #KeepingItReal 
@rjdicksii: @realDonaldTrump. These cats are like bad used car salesmen.
@LouistheXVI99: @realDonaldTrump can't wait to see you on Cbs Sunday morning! #comeflywithme #Trump2016
@ctmommy: @megynkelly #KellyFile #WTF? You do realize @realDonaldTrump isnu2019t the #GOP enemy - @HillaryClinton is.
Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
@JaniBetancoirt: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Pataki needs a brain surgeon!
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. Iu2019ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Donu2019t miss it!
@bigg_ritch: The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally.
@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump #WakeUpAmerica Donald's Policies are the Real Game Plan to #Win, He's also the only 1 to beat #Hillary
@justinraay: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for bringing value to every city and movement you have touched! #Imeanit
@SparkleAWin: Besides U, I think @IvankaTrump would be a great choice as the 1st woman President. Very business savy like her dad
I will be interviewed on @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness at 7:30
@jackie4545890: @realDonaldTrump good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America you're the only one that's real
@BobbyLCarrier North Charleston, SC   We are glad to have Donald Trump onsite at Leeds Park. #realdonaldtrump #chs @BobCaldwellCHS
@Eileenkelly14 @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  For those saying it's not crowded, you didn't see the people on the balcony and crowded outside.
Via @BreitbartNews: u2018MAJOR COUPu2019: DONALD TRUMP PICKS UP TOP IOWA GRASSROOTS OPERATIVE FOR POTENTIAL 2016 CAMPAIGNn
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
@THENORAWILLIAMS: I'm #africanamerican &amp; I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the #USA out of this mess!
@tonymcman: @realDonaldTrump president donald j trump sounds great,but what do you think Mr trump?
@DAMRON88: @realDonaldTrump @BornToBeGOP I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again.
@TeresaWageman: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Stick to your guns Mr. Trump. You are telling the truth that too many are afraid to.
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
@JakeTiger25: @daveajstearns @djred678 forget both of them. Let's hear it for ma man @realDonaldTrump
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki, celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on @TripAdvisor!
Via @WTOC11: Donald Trump headlines Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach 
@moshe_mkmdca: @realDonaldTrump @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics following Donald is beautiful. If it's not beautiful it's not Donald So nice!
@artfIopz: Top 10 Celebrities Taking DC By Storm This Weekend:What do Donald Trump, model Chrissy Tiegen and Bradley Cooper have in common?
@davevin73: @realDonaldTrump You should be president, I signed up for Twitter just to tell you this. A lot of Americans feel the same way
@ApprenticeNBC: Nobody wants to be the first one fired. Isn't that the truth, @realDonaldTrump. #CelebApprentice VERY SAD TO BE FIRST.
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
.@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning!  I fixed his rating problem.
@gsiegman: . @realDonaldTrump Holy shit! Amazing! #Trump2016
@metskins10: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Pay him, just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide.
@jrpantiques: @realDonaldTrump @ABCinSC @KatrinaPierson THE WORLD IS PLAYING EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR TRUMP! EVERY DAY HIS POINTS ARE PROVEN
@haroldrschmidt: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @foxandfriends yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns
@The_Life_Of_DG: @realDonaldTrump you know how to lead! That's what the people need!!
.@BreitbartNews is much smarter than sleepy eyes @chucktodd  @nbc  
@Forbes: u201cIf Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise.u201d  Nice!
@GStephanopoulos: Iu2019ll talk to Donald Trump about his comments on Syrian refugees, and much more, Sunday on @ThisWeekABC.
@jackievandyck: Donald it's time to boot Kate @realDonaldTrump
@DNorrell: @realDonaldTrump we need you in Washington. We've got dopes running the show on both sides of the isle.  VERY TRUE!
@raysprings82: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Geraldo makes me laugh, I love him
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!
Thanks everyone, they all said  I won the debate. Even won the @CNBC Poll!
@tlfordxx: @AnnInquirer @realDonaldTrump ~~~Amen Ann...
Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
@1ns1de_J9b: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth  Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract donations from others
@DougDWiley: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to read your new book! We are supporting you here in Boise Idaho!
@ben_techpro: Donald Trump opens up 'massive' lead in national poll 
Via @ConroeCourier by @StephenGreen91:u201cTrump talks 2016 run, jobs at @TXPatriotsPACu201d 
Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
@FILMBAY_CINEMA: Experience taught me a few things. Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. Donald Trump
@dcexaminer: Rasmussen: @realDonaldTrump now beats @HillaryClinton 38%-36% nationally 
@newlooksmk: @realDonaldTrump @toddinwichita run baby run!!! We need you!
@robmont777: @StrengthenTheUS @GOP @realDonaldTrump. We The People want Mr Trump to be our President!!! 
Donald Trump donates land to conservation group in Palos Verdesn
@MarcoPoloMacon: @realDonaldTrump what are you waiting for? We are waiting for you to make America great again. Please run!  June 16th.
.@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
@calimtns: @realDonaldTrump Please, Please, please run for President, I'm begging!!!!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
@TCash78: @realDonaldTrump @VincentKunicki @kimguilfoyle @FoxNews he will make America great again
@cmdorsey: @realDonaldTrump Did U see Asselrod on #oreillyfactor last night?? He mentioned your name. He is such an arrogant asshole
.@megynkelly  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
@GraggQuinton:  This is the size crowd you get when people care what you say -Trump in Oklahoma . Got even bigger 
@DanMilosevich @EricTrump @TrumpFerryPoint  Impressive - just as Trumps would be as first family. I hope your Dad runs 4 Prez, we need him
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevantu2014glad I didnu2019t do his show.
@JayMichaelsProd  Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??
Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the @realDonaldTrump rally. It was exciting to see you. Two truly fantastic women!
@PrisonPlanet: .@realDonaldTrump gets it. Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended  media.
@paulferguson17: @FoxNewsSunday @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @FoxNews. Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald
@QueenBarbie69: @realDonaldTrump. I believe in you. Go for it.
#ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil! 
@ZGreekDWstyle: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president and save us from the fools.  Stay tuned!
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they wonu2019t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
@AlorAcai: #GoodAdviceIn4Words Vote @realDonaldTrump For President.
@WeLoveTheDonald: You can count me in! Why do you think I'm @WeLoveTheDonald? Because I believe in you and trust your judgement!
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch @FaceTheNation on CBS &amp; @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
Via @WashTimes By Eugene Dunn: u201cTrump could lead U.S. forwardu201d 
#CelebApprentice Who will hear those two famous words? @Apprenticenbc premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC. 
@thehill: Donald Trump: I have created tens of thousands of jobs 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!
My honor, thank you.  
@adamscottnow: @realDonaldTrump,If I have the #DemDebate on CNN, but pay attention more to my phone, does it still count as me watching it?
Host of the @PGATOUR &amp; @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster 
@Jacobsac2015:  @FoxNews Thank you for your tweet today on Christmas. Can't wait to see you as President, Mr. Trump. You are awesome.
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
@yo_rocky Right now... I would vote for @realDonaldTrump for president.
Entrepreneurs: When negotiating, don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging @MontesKitchen in upstate, New York. 
@Gabigayle @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump He doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it!  Go Donald!
@deggow: Just heard a 25 year old man say I would rather work for Donald Trump than Bernie Sandersit's time for me to leave this party.
.@TrumpSoHo New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline. 
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
@Jack_P_Ivory  I'm a #trump fan even though I live outside the U.S. but I like what I read and see from him. He takes no BS!  True!
@MrDeuce25: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC DonaldTrump Good were glad he doesn't represent what you stand for Lindsey. You are weak and have no clue
@fernandocarnal @realDonaldTrump @Macys not shopping there again!
@Politcswatch: @realDonaldTrump I would call what the Obama Administration has done these two terms a disaster. #foxandfriends
Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
@Jaguar11d: @realDonaldTrump Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job
Via @WSJPolitics by @reidepstein: u201cTrump Surges in Popularity in N.H.u201d 
@Parker_Votes: We finally have a voice with  Letu2019s do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY, 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy 
So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political mediau2014an amazing experience for me. @BretBaier
.@JebBush, like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@restore_US_now: @JohnnyG__62 @realDonaldTrump @GinaandersonRN ...what do you say now??? 
@_Ylvette: Woooow! Was I wrong?? Was @realDonaldTrump talking about Sig when he said vicious? #whatjusthappened #celebrityapprentice
@AllGoodEggs:  @LoriMoreno @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto @Forbes Any chance you can make America 5Star please?
Via @RadioIowa by @okayhenderson: u201cTrump touts business career, but not TV show during Iowa speechu201d 
@webster07 @realDonaldTrump wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. It's only way 2 defeat political correctness
@RW84JR: @realDonaldTrump Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!
u201cActions are the seed of fate n  deeds grow into destiny.u201d   u2013 Harry S. Truman
.@CharlesMBlow  Why donu2019t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
@KevinGalyon: @realDonaldTrump i support donald trump for president. He is a great leader Thank you.
@tornadopain: @TMobileHelp   Just find @JohnLegere's hissy fit with @realDonaldTrump ironic, since yall have room to catch up
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!
.@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
@Draper33Paul: @realDonaldTrump I agree
@jaslohr_: @realDonaldTrump are you watching this circus?!? #DemDebate what a joke! #Trump2016
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
@SalamifiedRBX: Omg @realDonaldTrump for president please
@hugshenderson  @GolfMonthly @realDonaldTrump he's a legend. Does so much good for Scottish golf Thanks.
@themightylayman: Dear @realDonaldTrump: You are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for President.
@Parker_Votes: Everyone under 10% in polls should DROP OUT and support TRUMP @realDonaldTrump 
@JayJohnsonLikes: @realDonaldTrump been here in line for two hours already. reading book while waiting. I'll see you at noon!
I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but @politico said the rooms capacity is just over 2000. But said Bernie  Sanders had 11,000 in same room.
Joe, thanks for not running! 
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@dryan5962: @realDonaldTrump always on point ud83dudc4cud83dudc4c 
@DRUDGE_REPORT: ROBINSON: Establishment didn't get Trump fall they want.... 
@Good2bqueen67: .@realDonaldTrump @Sandikay60 I enjoyed the speech so much tonight, you were on point ud83dudc46 Sir!  Thanks.
I will be on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. 
Speaking to great patriots @MCC_CT. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN 
@travis_temple: Make America Great Again! @realDonaldTrump 
@taurus82409: @CBS @60Minutes Look forward to it, Donald. You are doing Great! Please keep up the fight, many of us are behind you 100%!!
Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention!
@kwrcrow: Another example of how the media distorts conservatives messages. 
@TEisen229: @realDonaldTrump great cast! Girls are going to win!
@lvphillies08: Once again haters gonna hate...hands down #winner will always be @realDonaldTrump #Trump #Trump2016
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
How much money is the  extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
@AnjiRabadi: @TrumpChicago I'll be staying here next weekend! Can't wait! @realDonaldTrump @deejaynik @sophiegonerogue #trumplife #cantwait
See, I told you so 
Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!
Thanks Lou. 
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool. This was fact checked by @FoxNews: FALSE
@Sattendoll: @realDonaldTrump - I do not understand how are they still in business.  H &amp; R Block is terrible!
@Sam_Rellim: If Trump ran in 16' it would be the 1st time I could stand by our president since I was old enough to understand politics
@mvermi: . @SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump @RealBenCarson  head to the Palmetto State #SCTeaParty15. Donu2019t miss it 
Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it!
@EdgeCGroup: Back in #NYC for a HUGE week meeting our partners. Staying at the highly recommended @TrumpSoHo @realDonaldTrump
Why doesn't @JebBush, in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
@skillethead58: @realDonaldTrump hell of a job
@BentleyforTrump:  @FoxNewsDear Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America! #Trump2016
Congratulations to new Congressman @leezeldin being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
Via @Entrepreneur by @MDMSEO : u201c8 Lessons for Entrepreneurs That @ApprenticeNBC Emphasizesu201d 
@Watchman4the1: Chuck Schumer: Sen Marco Rubio Is u201cTotally Committed To Obamau2019s Immigration Agendau201d 
@DylanC98: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait to see the beautiful @TrumpDoral on live TV Mar. 5-8, in the promo the Blue Monster looked stunning!
@Ethiopiawi: I love @realDonaldTrump personality
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
@SemiNoland: @realDonaldTrump Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald.  True!
@MarcoRubioTNews: Is America ready for Donald Trump as president? 
Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: u201cDonald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: u2018A Bad, Bad Dealu2019u201d 
@ABCPolitics: Donald Trump speaks on 2016ers, says Jeb Bush stumbling.u201d 
@Erniefan4life: @realDonaldTrump right on man. Run for president &amp; fix it.
@singlead: @realDonaldTrump Can't win no matter what the truth is sometimes. . .
@coffee6666: @realDonaldTrump @RealSQUEZZ I heard nbc pays don 3 million week for his show n president makes 8,000 week. Just watch!
@BrianCstandsup: @realDonaldTrump I'm convinced. Let's go Trump. #Trump2016
Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION!  ---  just look at our country.
@Helpfulcook: @realDonaldTrump let's get #Trump2016 trending like crazy!!!
@scapesrus  @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral The course looks magnificent !  Thank you.
@chiyankfred @TrumpDoral  Mr. Trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the Blue Monster! Looked great
Looking forward to @David_Bossie &amp; @RepJeffDuncanu2019s @Citizens_United Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!
@atmaxh: Please run @realDonaldTrump! With your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track!  Very true.
@sherrysue66: I am working a #12HR #AMERICAN SHIFT BUT WILL STAY UP 2 WATCH! I COULD USE A SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE LAUGH! #WEu2661U. Nice.
@Tyler_BurkeCRE any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate development sector? Know your territory.
Remember, tonight (Monday), the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My parents:nTrust in God and be true to yourself. -- Mary MacLeod TrumpnKnow everything you can about what you're doing.  Fred C. Trump
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as SIR!
@WarrenMarcussen: @realDonaldTrump @KBrocking I love your show though Donny, I'm a fuckung huge fan But our country is dieing!
@W_O_R_L_D_USA: @realDonaldTrump would win any presidential debate. Trump for president!
@SoarMich: @realDonaldTrump @Ex369PPD people can say what they want about Donald, but he is trustworthy #truth Thank you.
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump has won all three debates and all that matters is that Trump supporters know that &amp; will vote Trump! THANKS!
@thehill @realDonaldTrump The people of NH know what the American people know: Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things
@costareports: The Post's latest on Trump: 
@NickyFlash2: #Trump4President #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump
Today is armed forces day. Thank you u00a0to our military service members! I love you all!
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@GaryT212:  @realDonaldTrump America needs a real leader, America needs Donald Trump for President!
@SteveMullaney1: @realDonaldTrump has all of my support!!
@JackDix03868724: Arizona polls for Democrats only say they would prefer Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton 60%
@kellyizthebest: @realDonaldTrump u2764ufe0f @ApprenticeNBC Just when you think it can't get any better.. It does!!
@mimi_saulino: @mariclaire81 @realDonaldTrump Jeb supports open borders-common core- Visa H-IB Visa's for illegals. Super PAC Saudis.
@michaeljacks_ag: Friendly Friday: Michael Jackson with Donald Trump. #michael 
Via @DrudgeReport: 
@TylerLeeSmit: I found a few of your buildings in Busan, South Korea. They're looking clean and beautiful. Keep expanding the empire!
@VinceFox73: DonaldTrump @DNorrell @Judgenap @freedomlives999 Which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done.
@foxrocks2012: @TrumpGolfLA@Daniel_Logan Amazing double rainbow above the course: 
@faagifts: @OANN WTG, GREAT JOB. U R THE BEST PICK OUT OF ALL OF THE CANDIDATES &amp; OHIO KNOWS THIS 2.THAT IS WHY U R LEADING THERE TOO
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
@Rosesroi: @FoxNews. Trump for President PLEASE! Your Interview on Fox gave hope again for this country. Will work on your campaign.
@MichelleRenee_V: @ApprenticeNBC It MUST be @LeezaGibbons because she is well rounded, hardworking, kind &amp; professional. SHE'S HIRED! ud83cudf89
@RealityTVBliss: Tune into #CelebrityApprentice at 8 PM EST on #NBC with the beautiful &amp; smart @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump
@polemicism: Okay okay @realDonaldTrump was right: LaGuardia Airport is a total dump. Like really, really bad.
Why isn't @chucktodd using the much newer @CNN Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
@Terramarkov16: @Terramarkov16 @realDonaldTrump: I still c Geraldo as The NEW Celebrity Apprentice. #CelebrityApprenticewinner2015
Youu2019re just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just donu2019t work out, but donu2019t worry--- no problem!
@gulfportedd: @realDonaldTrump Jeb bush couldn't shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over...
@Sebastian_Rey10: u201c@CNBC: Ford is planning a $2,500,000,000 investment @realDonaldTrump in MEXICO!!!!  The U.S. is getting killed!
Via @UnionLeader  by  @tuohy: u201cTrump: You're Hiredu201d 
@chef_riggy: .@realDonaldTrump glad to see Kenya go. Even gladder to see @Joan_Rivers again. #RIP Love you Joan!
Interesting reading re September 11th 
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!
@_jacobsanders_: @realDonaldTrump cruising through downtown Chicago. Beautiful building! 
Thank you, @FrankLuntz - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016
@hillarysusans: @daveyh @realDonaldTrump Way more substance than you know. Best negotiator in the world. Iran wouldn't get nukes for sure
@OUSoonerManiac: We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington,  Iowa tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  See you there!
@MarkSimoneNY: Great twitter quote about Donald Trump: Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media
@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump knows what it takes to WIN, just like Floyd Mayweather. He is STRONGER &amp; will overcome the WEAK!! #Tump2016
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Demsu2014I beat Hillary heads up!
@fabulyss22: My Sunday's will now be spent with @realDonaldTrump again! So excited #CelebrityApprentice is back!
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about meu2014crazy!
@SlimShiny82: Never been more excited for a potential candidate as I am with DonaldTrump He is the only person who can beat HillaryClinton
@realmarkjackson:Trump has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed. #truthhurts
Oh wow, lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
@jimmcvey1: @eddiern  @DeusVultUSMC @deadeyemadoc @smithsj1 Trump is the closest thing to Gen.Patton that we will ever see again. Cool!
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude.
Weu2019re worried about waterboarding as our enemy, ISIS, is beheading people and burning people alive. Time for us to wake up.
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: 
THANK YOU Council Bluffs, Iowa! The silent majority, is silent no more!n#Trump2016 #FITN 
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, we are finally where we need to be. Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!
As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather).
@GoHardYoung: The only way I'm voting for president is if @realDonaldTrump runs  Cute!
@kathystone1221: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump #Trumptrain
@hillarysusans: @greta @realDonaldTrump That was such a great piece. Really enjoyed it!
@woofeous @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester.
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Via @businessinsider by @BKcolin: u201cDonald Trump called the White House and offered to help fix the BP oil spillu201d 
@DJTrump2016: DONALD TRUMP FULL INTERVIEW: Fox and Friends (11-03-15) 
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrowu2014hereu2019s the info: 
@xkayla_rae: mom -  leave me alone I want to just be with @realDonaldTrump  Cute!
Amazing! Thank you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
@DRUDGE_REPORT: TRUMP WINS CNBC INSTANT POLL; RUBIO SECOND... DEVELOPING... 
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!
@gretchbetch_: @realDonaldTrump please fire @kenyamoore she's rude and classless #CelebrityApprentice
@chip0tle_: @Stoic123 @realDonaldTrump @m__a__w politicians know how to become president. Businessmen know how to BE president.
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
@ZStr8Up: After the liberal 60's and 70's how did we end up with Reagan? Hollywood. The Donald may have a serious chance. @realDonaldTrump
@123Jayne: @realDonaldTrump I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!
@AmandaGeorge22: @IvankaTrump @CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump you did awesome ! Loved the challenge !!
@joshdill64: Our passion for @realDonaldTrump is amazing! 
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
@joeferrarijoe: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC it's about time!!!!
@JeffJeffsc777:I believe the Country is going to think when voting for our next President It's about results that's why Trump runs he wins
@bjamin021: @foxandfriends @kilmeade 2016 @realDonaldTrump for President - YES!!!
@business: What itu2019s like to play @realDonaldTrumpu2019s New York City golf course 
@iamgavinjame To make America great again we must #THINKBIG &amp; understand that it's #TimeToGetTough on China! @realDonaldTrump will do that!
@mikepetrella17:  @Peggynoonannyc I agree with Trump. Record turnouts . There's a lot of potential voters that Trump is tapping into.
Wow, the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!
Letu2019s together Make America Great Again! Vote Trump at 
@brianjohnson4: When you become President, who would be the secretary of the Treasury? No one can run a business better that you.
@OrianaUK: @realDonaldTrump my daughter n I watching #CelebApprentice very inspiration. u r a very humble gentleman, love the boardroom.
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris, theyu2019re all on the bandwagon.
@Bane1349: They ALL Want Jobs and a Bright Future. They KNOW Donald Trump is the one and only choice to make that A REALITY!
@SunshineKhali: @realDonaldTrump @rtesta O personally I think you would be a great president for our country #Leadership
Via @qctimes by @EdTibbetts: u201cTrump: U.S. getting beat upu201d 
@HL3tweets: @TDsVoice @CNN @CNNPolitics I'm watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trump's Tweets. Grab the popcorn
@JACK_CITY_ @realDonaldTrump Looks like you're going to have to take action like you do with business and make a change yourself.#Trump2016
@Mr_president706: @realDonaldTrump please run for president, and show these so called Republicans how to get the job done.
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at @VanityFair Magazine. He is a total loser!
@mimi_saulino: @seanhannity @FoxNews Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?
@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump we need you elected tomorrow!
@DanScavino Illegal Immigrant Deported 6 Times Charged in Felony Hit &amp; Run of Family. @realDonaldTrump is not wrong. #Trump2016
@MKBeattie: @realDonaldTrump vs @HillaryClinton for the White House would make for awesome debates!
Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
@elkay14: @jordanfax I like gutsy brave guys like #Trump #Reagan , I hate all those bloody hypocrites @realDonaldTrump Thank you.
Via @gazettedotcom by James Q. Lynch: u201cTrump to run typical caucus campaign, u2018but biggeru2019u201d 
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Our online store is officially open! Visit 
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead atu2026 
@De__deVries: @realDonaldTrump heading to #Miami to watch the @MissUniverse all the way from Australia !!! can't wait ud83dude18
Weak and low energy @JebBush, whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
@johnny4a: Envision It: DonaldTrump is Prez, @ElonMusk sends ppl 2 Mars by @SpaceX and ppl drive his @TeslaMotors electric cars #Trump2016
Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump At least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in Iowa and not on book tours. TRUMP 2016!
@MaryHodgins: For all the AMAZING people in the world with #Aspergers &amp; #Autism. @richardbranson @realDonaldTrump 
The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy  by Wayne Allyn Root. 
@bluestarwindow: @bdean1468 @realDonaldTrump @twendencyUSA We SHALL make America great again.
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@justrelaxfornow: As a nation yearns for justice and equality, that nation hopes Donald Trump will run for President. June 16, 2015.
Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
.@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
@KristyHernandez: @realDonaldTrump yay watching my very favorite show, Celebrity Apprentice and LOVING it!!ud83dude0dud83dudc83
@mklloydva: Some of you already know. I have made the Jump to Trump. Donald Trump is the man that will win the GOP.
@daltonkats Inside Trump Tower in NYC! What a beautiful building! @realDonaldTrump  Thanks!
Another new post-debate poll. nTHANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@iPaulyDip: @alexvent13 my idol @realDonaldTrump he's the motivation
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
Via @Newsmax_Media by u201cPoll: Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NHu201d 
@Raddmom: @realDonaldTrump - don't let the media &amp; the @GOP elites push you out- Americans are with you! Thanks, I won't!
Looking forward to being awarded the u20182015 Statesman of the Yearu2019 by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
@15pinnacle: I have to give DonaldTrump credit ... he lets everyone #tourists into his beautiful #hotel #residence...and it's beautiful!!
@Missey5Mae: I think if a GOP candidate really wants to win, he will name @realDonaldTrump as the chief trade negotiator.
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. 
@Samstwitch: Bill O'Reilly's interview with Trump:Q&amp;A over what Trump would do as President!Definitely has my vote! 
@Cherylynn6464: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Looking forward to your show and especially seeing Joan Rivers. She did a great job!
@MJVictory: @STL_Blonde DT is a better choice than ANY candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity &amp; national security.
@DanScavino:Tom Brady &amp; @realDonaldTrump make for solid golf partners at Trump National Golf Club. #PatriotsVSColts 
@realdctaylor: The Establishment is afraid of @realDonaldTrump. Once we try a business man we may never want a politician again! #TeamTrump
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just watched Brian Williams on @TODAYshow - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. Stop apologizing
@TFalomir: MR @realDonaldTrump You are an example of how to do what he wants. Thank you.
@DrJackFriedman: I'm so glad you are in it to win it. America needs to turn a profit. Enough with clueless, corrupt, bonehead politicians.
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
Why doesn't @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
I'm on Bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@Aquila7: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo Rivera the Hispanic omarosa
@ali_khalil7: @realDonaldTrump We need you as president Mr.Trump, A leader that knows what to do! Agree.
@mmolina44: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN Donald Trump will be our next President of the United States.
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@rozanakabashi: @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere even though a costumer for so long, their costumer service needs to be better.
@jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @MichaelCohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.#Trump2016
Entrepreneurs:  See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
@Techn9cian1923: @ChrisCuomo It felt Like a moment of silence when U said @realDonaldTrump DOESN'T PLAY! Powerful Interviewud83dudc4dud83dudc4d #Trump2016
Dopey @Lawrence Ou2019Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
@jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212 we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the People's choice, we want truthfulness
.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. Iu2019m sending out for your new book now!
@LeezaGibbons: Look at us acting all nice at the #TCA15 for apprenticenbc ! @realdonaldtrump was quite the headlineu2026 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@maguvera: @realDonaldTrump I'm so glad your show @ApprenticeNBC in @nbc will be extended 4 two hours.. I enjoy it !!!!! #great show
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @KathieLGifford. What a couple! 
@TomLydon: What Financial Pros Can Learn from Donald Trump's Communication Style 
@ardow: @realDonaldTrump Jebs got no IQ ... same as his brother.
@dfberger23: Wait @realDonaldTrump is really running for President? Just saw his campaign site!
@truthshallbe: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump Been watching!!! Brilliant Mr. Trump, he is so Awesome!! And real.
@bdean1: If I had a dollar for every time a politician lied, i'd be as rich as @realDonaldTrump I'm happy as hell he's running! #Trump2016
@dochubbard62: @realDonaldTrump 2016 - President of the United States of America. God bless and God speed, praying for you and the country.
Hillary, when you complain about a penchant for sexism, who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!
@GirlCant_helpit: DonaldTrump  Everyone wants you to run. Why don't you? You would be perfect. President Donald Trump has a good ring to it
@ravgames: .@realDonaldTrump Serious question, Mr. Trump: Why don't you like @JonahNRO? Because he is not good at what he does-@NRO dying
.@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
@HowardKurtz: @JoeNBC It'd be humorous to cull tweets from experts over past few mos who have predicted Trump's immediate collapse
@bluegirlvi: @BretBaier @FoxNews DonaldTrump GOD voters are NOT getting tired of Trump! He's winning over others too #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@PrestonsDayOff: @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor  Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians
Thank you. 
u201cDonald Trump turns over 11.5 ac.in Rancho Palos Verdes for recreational open spaceu201d 
@neraex: I'm not even american and I want to see @realDonaldTrump win! A person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!
@saraaa_nicole95: @realDonaldTrump is so intimidating! I would never wanna be on his bad side!! He's still basically a king tho
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump @robmont777 @StrengthenTheUS @GOP WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!
@Wastehe: @realDonaldTrump @FatRotty well @realDonaldTrump make an announcement. I love you and I want to see you do it!
@LadyPatriot777 @realDonaldTrump I think he's worth a VERY serious look. He speaks BOLDLY, like Reagan, and is/was a big fan of Reagan!
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
@MissyMacDD: Toxic Trick is my new favorite #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump Clearly @BrandiGlanville was right about @KenyaMoore
@trump_world: The MAN with a PLAN! Go Trump! We got your back! 
Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
@OliverBooks: Best thing about this fight is randomn celeb sightings so far Tom Brady, Donald Trump, Justin Bieber   Big letdown fight!
@PaulParmar1: @realDonaldTrump so excited for @ApprenticeNBC thank you for creating such an amazing show #CelebApprentice Enjoy it, thanks
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
.@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!
@Fox411: DonaldTrump 'Saturday Night Live' episode garners highest viewership since 2012 
Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next seasonu2019s  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
@TheHolyBreadcat: @realDonaldTrump Vote for Trump, he's making America to where we won't worry about illegal immigrant problems.
@JeffJeffsc777:The Presidential candidates are about to be Trumped This will be a landslide the Country is ready for a leader with results
#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night.
@JWysocki91: @realDonaldTrump I just finished TIME TO GET TOUGH. Great read! #Trump2016 Thank you.
Thank you @AmSpec 
@TruthisAll1: @realDonaldTrump @CharlesHurt @seanhannity Good morning, Mr. Trump. You're so AWESOME. #Trump2016 
@JaayZen: @grandmiapens He has all the ingredients to get elected and turn this this ship around! Run! Don't let us hit the iceberg!
@trapman2000: RT @Deaf_Dwayne: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for not being politically correct! America needs the truth.
@Abraham: My only regret is that there isn't 3 DonaldTrump's so my daughters could marry the smartest, most handsome man in the world! Cute
Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
@CandiceBiscoe: @realDonaldTrump the boardroom is jaw dropping
@American1st: @ofccadjust  @AnnCoulter GW Bush was open borders like @JebBush. TERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!
Via @AP March,2013: Jeb said u201che was open tou2026pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrantsu201d 
@BungWilliam: @realDonaldTrump if you dont run for president, i wouldnt vote! #Trumptforpresident Nice.
@DaveInKeno: Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 
@Snowape_kitkat: @realDonaldTrump @Patti_Page @oreillyfactor voted  Thanks.
@Parker_Votes: California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing illegals right to VOTE using drivers lic.ID. @realDonaldTrump
@jharwood14: If Reagan, a Hollywood actor, was president, then your chances are strong. It sure would be nice to have an honest POTUS.
@jesseaazar: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Start To Save America, PRES. TRUMP!
@waite_lane:If you don't want Trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
CNN: New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up 
@pmadden86: @realDonaldTrump Trump hotel Vegas glistening in sunshine 
@_JoshBishop @ppppolls  gop or dem, you have to love Trumps blunt honesty. So many things wrong most won't point out. Borders big problem
@GirlCant_helpit: @realDonaldTrump run for President. You'd have my vote 
@jamesgo31991021: @realDonaldTrump @johnmarzan @RubenNavarrette Donald trump is the man Thanks.
Looking forward to speaking at @Citizens_United &amp; @SteveKingIAu2019s u201cIowau2019s Freedom Summitu201d on January 24th 
We need a strong leader- and fast! 
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
Entrepreneurs:  Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion, and persuasion is power.
Via @CarolinaLive by @JoelAllenWPDE:u201cBig names wrap up largest ever SC Tea Party Coalition Conventionu201d 
.@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions. 
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
@schoremis1:  @JebBush The Donald should've been named Man of the Year. He dominates the polls, news, talk shows &amp; social media. MAGA!
Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The Art of The Deal. Itu2019s time for an outsider 
@Lisa_Steen: seriously Cuomo hates DonaldTrump he was a pathetic interviewer AS USUAL! Please don't go anywhere Mr Trump AMERICA NEEDS YOU
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!
@TomNocera: @realDonaldTrump Your hand must be tired from all the Crippled America books you autographed tonight-one is mine.  Great!
Will be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
@Tamster613: Who is watching @ApprenticeNBC with me tonight? 
@OgreUasshole: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to see you destroy Hillary in a debate!  We must win and make America great again!
@RealPro4Real: The most beautiful summary why real estate matters! 
Will @JebBush, in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
@brwneyesnbama: I love @realDonaldTrump and the way he will speak the truth regardless. I have so much respect for this man. #hero Thanks.
Trump at Tea Partyn
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember read my lips, no more taxes). GREATNESS!
Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final score.
@JeniferStevens: @TrumpFerryPoint No one builds a golf course better than you. Played Trump Ireland and Scotland as well as US Thanks Jen!
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
@brianjames75: My prediction: @realDonaldTrump will declare his candidacy near Memorial Day or July 4th. #Symbolism #Patriotic #GoBig
@ACCronin8 @realDonaldTrump Trump for president!!!
@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends My favorite part of the week is listening to you on Monday mornings #morningsarebetterwithfriends
@PamKing8628: @realDonaldTrump @mikerandcom - #TeamLeeza will be following ur #CelebApprentice comments! @LeezaGibbons
@woodardralph31: @gene70 @Macys We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!
@Destiny: Why didn't @seanhannity correct Jeb when he said @realDonaldTrump has run 4 president 2X B4~Jeb needs 2B corrected b/c he lied.
u201cDonald Trump: Iu2019ve made up my mind on 2016u201d 
Headline reads Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%
@AndrewMillerKC  We have to vote for @realDonaldTrump ! Our nation can't afford another #Bush! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@Gibbons2012Alex: @MELANIATRUMP @realDonaldTrump id vote for you..
@bigdogg1974: @realDonaldTrump @Kateplusmy8 Kate looked great and did an amazing job, even though no dough she worked very hard! #truth
@pcochenour562:  @XKidd92 @LeezaGibbons yea she smart but I think it will be Gerardo he's a cunning one #snake one I would turn my back on
#CNNDebate 
@christinaaa28: #CelebApprentice is baaaaaack! @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump
@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider @realDonaldTrump @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up .
@ValetaSue57: @realDonaldTrump DT please get in the race for President
As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway!  @GovernorPerry
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
@AlexPagliano Caught @realDonaldTrump's speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas.
ICYMI, via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: u201cDonald Trump to give Iowa speech on educationu201d 
@RealityTVBliss: Gary Busey was one of my absolute favorites on #CelebrityApprentice. He has a big u2764 @realDonaldTrump #Misunderstood
@DoDFiredawg78: @realDonaldTrump Virginians stand with you sir! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident
@Bigbillyp1970: YES-YES-YES @realDonaldTrump *2016-2016-2016*
@politico: Trump: Mideast peace 'something I'd really like to do' 
With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms, @TrumpSoHo offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options 
Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
@sjh2222 Difference Between Politicians and @realDonaldTrump = nPols Are Bought &amp; Paid For. Trump Can't be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!
@JetRanger69: @TrumpChicago @realDonaldTrump #MASTERPIECE #CHICAGO 
.@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
Great! 
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass    was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!
@Tradingforex24: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. Donald Trump 03.06 07:45
Thanks &amp; I won't let you down.  
@SJavner: Reading Crippled America ....feeling love for our country first, in it's pages. That's why I stand with TRUMP
Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @ChrisRuddyNMX: Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech 
@LLAnkers: DonaldTrump,  it's a shame the left try so hard to tear you down. You could be a great leader for our nation. Keep it up Trump!
Will be on Bill O'Reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
@Kotcha301: @realDonaldTrump I sleep better at night knowing u will soon be POTUS! 
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
I will be doing @colbertlateshow at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy! 
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Via @TMZ_Sports: u201cDonald Trump: Don't Mess Up @terrellowens' Name. 'I've Seen Him Go Crazy At People'u201dn  
@NatashaOwnfan: @RockinJoe1 I can't wait to find out yes or no, Mr. Trump is so brilliant, great at business, he can run the countryThanks
On 800 pristine Miami acres, @TrumpDoral boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining &amp; championship golf 
@mikescintoshow: This is why we need @realDonaldTrump He tells it like it is! 
@Flowerchic462: Ok Tweeps. Who is going home first tonight?! #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump
@naughtoriousBIG: T Mobile service sucks and it took a Trump to call him out! @realDonaldTrump for President! 
@LindaRicker6: My choice @realDonaldTrump just finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air.
@MrLWord: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president
@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump #Bigger #Better #Stronger #Faster #Smarter #Richer #WINNER #Trump2016 @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @TheFive
@annmcg01: DonaldTrump: Donu2019t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonightu2014you will love it! 8 PM on NBC. #CelebApprenticeu201d Wouldn't miss it!
@monmk1: I met @LeezaGibbons at CHA. She's as amazing in person as she is on TV. Beautiful inside &amp; out! my pick #CelebApprentice
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
@JacobsenSusan: @realDonaldTrump LOVE Trump Tower in Chicago!! Beautiful building!!
@teapartynews: Trump Wins Tea Party Group's 'Nashville Straw Poll' - Newsmax 
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Via @BreitbartNews: DONALD TRUMP: EXEC AMNESTY WILL MAKE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION u2018WORSE THAN ITu2019S EVER BEEN 
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
@bedard_nancy: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH
@nickmichaels12: Since late July 2015, DJT consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the Republican Party nomination.
@bk2seattle: @realDonaldTrump I was with you in Tyngsboro, Ma. last night! You WILL be our next President!!! What a fantastic evening!
Many of Hillaryu2019s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bushu2019su2014all rich, will have total controlu2014know them well.
@mayrazayago: This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it! 
@jules1327: The women rule tonight on #CelebApprentice - let's hope they don't kill each other before next week! @IvankaTrump
@MrNicolasBell: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile @JohnLegere @Verizon is the best service provider 
@joetoohey: This morning on @meetthepress - @chucktoddu2019s sit down with @realDonaldTrump in his NYC Campaign HQ #MTP 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@BackOnTrackUSA:Obama gave honor &amp; praise to the deserter Bergdahl but refuses the murdered Foot Hood victims military benefits : shameful
@KhadeejaNicolle: @realDonaldTrump Your exactly correct. Don't let me down by not running for President!
@ColinCavall: You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again.
@swamp_bug: @seanhannity  Cruz is my second/third choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war, so my choice is TRUMP.
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016 
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
@sternbutgreg: @realDonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. It's real. Thank you!
@0Nonsense: @realDonaldTrump Good luck commenting on this snooze fest, I'm out.
.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!
@Jaybags9: Enjoying day 1 of my stay in @realDonaldTrump 's hotel @TrumpDoral #ImprovedSinceLastYear #Lovely
The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner. Thank you! 
@8723g: One thing I learned from @realDonaldTrump : Sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make We will have strong deal makers
@jdm_jennifer: @realDonaldTrump wow Monday is going to be a good one! you had to be one of the last people to work with Joan Rivers.
@DonnySavaged: I really wish @realDonaldTrump would run for president.
A great new poll-33%! 
Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!
@Karen05866992: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
@AmesMoreno: @DesignerDeb3 @garyinlv01 @sueinwny @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump 
@robertaritzen: @realDonaldTrump We Support You! And Believe that your America's Hope  Thanks.
.@BrookslawBrooks  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
Boy did Pharrell &amp; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums 
@SarahPalinUSA: From St. Patrick's Cathedral, NYC: blessings, prayers and heartfelt concern for those in Paris.
@jpm05880: @Carolde @JebBush @realDonaldTrump @NancyRomano17 #JEBbush CAPTIVATES CROWDS WITH STIRRING SPEECH 
@SaraPattersonn: @realDonaldTrump hey be president
Via @EWErickson: u201cStop Complaining About Donald Trumpu201d 
@Lex_Shep: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile @JohnLegere. Why are you even using T mobile? I don't use T-Mobile, bad service!
@AgeGrilli35: @realDonaldTrump if I were American id vote for Donald - greatest man on the planet
@wallen_jeanine: @realDonaldTrump I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner
@seajay2uk: @realDonaldTrump @TurnberryBuzz Beautiful sunset of lighthouse and Ailsa Craig. 
@The_Jeffryes: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president, my pride as an American will never be stronger. #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016
@Apipwhisperer: @MarkPavelich @gentlemanirish @60Minutes  EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTIN'S BRILLIANCE AND TRUMP'S. @CBS I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS.
Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about- 
@fordmartin33: This Celebrity Apprentice is looking good so far... Can't wait for the boardroom !! @realDonaldTrump
I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
@dcska: @realDonaldTrump@MDMSEO @ApprenticeNBC Best Apprentice ever BTW! Just needed more Gilbert!! Can't wait to see ur hotel in DC!
@unique4x: @realDonaldTrump run already dude!
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
@dcfoodsafety: I will not vote for a person that thinks that she does not have 2 follow same laws that I do. I know my vote #Trump2016
@JosephSchleider: @realDonaldTrump good interview on Fox News Radio. You are my preferred candidate for the USA presidency @AlanColmes
@JamieScoins: Would you approve of Martin @ Scorsese or Francis Ford Coppola ever directing a movie of your life ? Would be fascinating!
All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. @krauthammer said I was so, so.
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
@ny_conservative:  @BarbMuenchen #CrippledAmerica is an excellent resource for the 2016 race #TeamTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%). 
Thank you. 
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
@_bri: This is the first election I'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country! #Trump2016
@agreatimage: @realDonaldTrump   Can ANY Democrat or Republican fix this country except Trump? NOT A CHANCE!! #Trump2016 #ElectTrump
@CaseHoag: Just spotted Trump Tower in #Chicago. What a presence the building gives to the city! Props to @realDonaldTrump Thank you.
@uf9606084212012: @realDonaldTrump please save us run #savior got my vote
We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!
@bollweevil51: @realDonaldTrump Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus.
@MidvilleB: @realDonaldTrump Please run &amp; save this country
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
@KimberlySyring: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville I love Brandi you go girl kick some a$$!!!
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
@IanZiering: Bringing everthing i got tonight all for the children with EB. .. @ApprenticeNBC  @realDonaldTrump 
@WSCP1: Obama records still a mystery - TheDonald: MSM Investigation Into Scott Walkeru2019s College A u2018Double Standardu2019 
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to love each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols
@JimStaricha: Mr. Trump, I truly hope you are elected. I strongly believe you have more than the skills required. We need a professional.
Depression- be careful of China! 
.@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes.
@JavaMedic: @realDonaldTrump You know we are desperate, so time to announce #TrumpForPresident. #foxandfriends
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp; anywhere!
@MeaganShamy: .@ScottFordTVGuy @BrandenHarvey I was at @TrumpLasVegas when @realDonaldTrump announced president bid. He's got my vote.
@bridgetmarie89:  @foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor The Smart Guy I love that slogan! Trumps Smart Guy approach #inspired me
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
@rbern11162  @SharNeal  Donald Trump , keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target, I support you completely
@SparkleAWin: @realDonaldTrump So excited for a New Year &amp; new Celeb Apprentice! Can't wait to see The Trumps back in The Boardroom!
@sarzitron: The best part about @realDonaldTrump running for president will be @HillaryClinton losing. I hate her so much.
@AngelaTribble: @realDonaldTrump WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thanks.
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration: 
Thanks. 
@nbcsnl: Backstage with Trump. #SNL 
@KarlRove spent $400M in 2012 &amp; didnu2019t win a single race 
Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall &amp; deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid! 
@JokerzWild_: @realDonaldTrump @TheIntellect111 Trump will win, I know it.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
@NancyLLeonard: Love 'em or hate 'em @realDonaldTrump is changing the playing field, finally. Our country needed this wake-up call.
The right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. Letu2019s make America great again! 
@DareMagic: Lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit! The only person to do that is DonaldTrump #Trump2016
Failing host @glennbeck, a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
Just announced that in the history of @CNN, last nightu2019s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
@STL_Blonde: One of my favorite all-time @FoxNews moments: When @realDonaldTrump let @megynkelly touch his hair.
@Jules_2010: @realDonaldTrump @JohnnyDamon What's Geraldo #gameplan #RunJohnnyRun @IanZiering #TeamIan 
@elsalopes53:  It would be really great to invite Ximena Navarrete as a surprise guest to next MUshow. We love her and we miss her!!
@Reid2962: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I expected better from @megynkelly, wondering what is her hidden agenda.
Will do, thanks.  
@iCodyTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN! @realDonaldTrump #quote
@eVDefuse: @realDonaldTrump they should just let you be president already, you're already leading in the polls.
@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA Bc the Elephants are so many, The Safari Club pays for water wells to keep them alive.
@Def: CNBC's John Harwood Today We don't have Superman presidents No DonaldTrump replied ..But we WILL if you have Trump! #Trump2016
Signing The Facebook Wall- 
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@BMW_e38forever: @realDonaldTrump so let it be written, so lets get him elected in a landslide victory in 2016! 
Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on NBC.
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
ICYMI, @IvankaTrumpu2019s int. on @TODAYshow discussing @Joan_Rivers &amp; contestant rivalries on @ApprenticeNBC   
@jimlibertarian:  @Dan__Crocker @foxandfriends Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerityud83dude07on the other hand Hillary is a total liarud83dudc7f
@631acf83e56d41c: We need change, your the MAN!! You got my vote!! I'll campaign for u in AZ!! Let's do it Trump!! #Trump4Prez #uwillwin
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
Must read via @FoxNews by @JaySekulow: u201cMr. President: Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran?u201d 
When and how are the dummies at the @WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want smart trade deals.
.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
@DannyBo4455:  @hamishjoy Mr Trump I have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .I'm literally hanging on your every word
.@DanaPerino wrote a wonderful book, u201cAnd the Good News is..  Dana has a fabulous perspective on life &amp; politicsu2014go get it!
@scottferson: .@TaranKillam plays a way better fake @realDonaldTrump than a real @HillaryClinton plays herself @nbcsnl
@coloradojoe2001: How is any one taking Carson seriously when he suspends his presidential campaign for a book signing tour?
@JFoxy: @BabcocksFlyHair @realDonaldTrump do not listen don you are great and should be presidant Thanks.
@khoges34: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump
@Sandikay60: @realDonaldTrump it was awesome! #Trumponly. Great crowd! Wonderful
@RealNinjetta @ErinSiegal @AppSame @Univision 
@jordanallen21: @realDonaldTrump you'll be the first person I ever vote for. #Trump2016
Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didnu2019t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame! n
Via @ShinySheet by @soapbox1: u201cShow-jumping grand prix returns to Mar-a-Lago Sunday 
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
@KennySammartino: @realDonaldTrump @UU44M @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC Tonight's shows are fantastic! Love this season.
@Rketeltas:  @JoeMarzocco Waiting for the biased media to write about the 30,000 Carly fired as a failed CEO. America is for Trump!
@Katebug7777777:  @IvankaTrump Enjoying this season of @CelebApprentice Thank you for your intelligent, powerful, common sense approach
@dxkelley: @BOBonTCN does Mister Runyan think that Donald Trump would make a good president, or a great president? Great.
@tam69sc: @realDonaldTrump waiting for you to tell us you are running for president so I can vote for you and rally others to do the same
@LKDUSA: @LKDUSA Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like @realDonaldTrump. The rest don't cut it. ALL WIMPS!!
@kingster73: @realDonaldTrump Rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesn't show up for work! Who would hire him? Not the American People!
@aspiesmom: NYPost gets it, you talk like a New Yorker. My Dad is a Democrat Long-Islander, he gets it too, and you've got his vote
@joeracccc17: Watching @ApprenticeNBC! The Trump Family so classy and smart, great people  @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump they loved you there #NHforTrump #Trump2016 Thanks!
@wouldnotmind: @ApprenticeNBC @ivankatrump @realDonaldTrump : I know and we are ready .. who is going to win ? My GIRL @KenyaMoore
@BarbaraJensen1: @realDonaldTrump @OANN @GravisMarketing 
@NishantAgg23: Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
Wow, little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song, Donald Trump. Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it!
Watch my @oreillyfactor appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran- 
@StaceyLambright: I had the pleasure of meeting @realDonaldTrump and hearing him speak a few times. We need to see him on the 2016 ballot!
@YankeeRunnerLV:Whether you run or not(Praying U Do) your getting my vote.I am writing you in if you don't run.Your our best hope #Trump16
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
Record of Health: 
I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
.@GMA at 7:00 A.M.
@landotalley50: @realDonaldTrump Answer the call,,just do it,,America needs you,,RUN!!!! Stay tuned!
@MegaHeid: I think I speak for most right-minded folk when I say: I really hope @realDonaldTrump does run for president
@STL_Blonde: I love you @realDonaldTrump, you're an American original. Don't ever change. #oreillyfactor Thank you.
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
@CNBC: 5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire (op-ed) u00bb 
The golden rule of negotiation: He who has the gold makes the rules.
I had a great time at @TwitterNYC #AskTrump 
@winkiechance: @VickyBrush @RWSurferGirl @realDonaldTrump He has MY vote too! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#CelebApprentice Photo from last night's boardroom. 
Word is that @NBCNews is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!
My @gretawire interview on @FoxNewsInsider u201cTrump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'u201d 
@TheCarCzarsPage: @TeaPartyCat You're a funny guy! Vote: @realDonaldTrump 
@TheRealHabanero: The thought of you becoming president of the United States is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future
@tuckahoetommy: If @realDonaldTrump truly believes he could fix America and loves our Country shouldn't he feel obligated to run? Yes!
@ali_khalil7: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote for 2016! #VoteForTrump
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp; @realDonaldTrump IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT! 
.@JebBush has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
@CharlesGerace: Can't wait to play @TrumpFerryPoint this April. Tee time already booked. Thanks @realDonaldTrump for another great course.
Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Loved all you had to say today!! So true all of it! That's what we need to hear Truth!! You give me HOPE!!
u201cPresident Trump?u201d 
Carl Icahn said this about me:  I think at this moment in time, heu2019s the only candidate that speaks out about the countryu2019s problems.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Toronto.  #1 in all of Canada.   n  
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!  n  -- Donald J. Trump
My #GOPDebate @facebook question for the other candidates- 
@devin199722:  Just watched you on @oreillyfactor Want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first President I Vote for!!!
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.nVIDEO: 
@AmandaJoCountry: Celebrity Apprentice is back! I love @realDonaldTrump! Who is going to be the @GaryBussey of the season? #CelebApprentice
@misnsomething:Donald was pretty amazing for taking money out of his own pocket and topping both teams off to $300,000.00 #CelebApprentice
@stevenkirk @realDonaldTrump @PatrickBuchanan great article .. At least #thedonald is finally saying what us average working people know!
@RealityTVBliss: @GeraldoRivera brings great entertainment to #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump
@MoxieBeautiful: I can't decide if Geraldo's ego is a gimmick, a plant by Trump, or if it's for real. #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump
@ITTRP:  @TaraHill5 Obama's average employment % is worse than his last 5 predecessors, including Carter! 
@sallyvp: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA.
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!
@remember91808: @RealGilbert and @kevinjonas are the best things about this season of @ApprenticeNBC: Can we keep them around until the end
@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia I know he can and will
@DNorrell: @stephenfhayes reform DC? haha joke. Only one close 2 being able to do that is Trump. @realDonaldTrump
@craig_eaton12: @realDonaldTrump Please run for POTUS Mr Trump. The country needs you more then ever
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
@DanaDelikat:  @ApprenticeNBC. Surprised how accurate and likable the Jonas brother is pointing out Heraldo's #bighead #big #ego poster
The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
@JenCromartie: @realDonaldTrump needs to run for president #Election2016 #DonaldTrump
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
@DaveKaszerman: @realDonaldTrump great season. It gets better every week.
Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again! 
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow, a total sellout crowd!
@smithsj1: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump do you swear to provide for, protect and care for our soldiers, including Vets?  YES, YES, YES!
Just read that Trump has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
@Dinamico_7: ud83dude12ud83dude12ud83dude12 Part 1 of my @SpecialReport int. with @BretBaier discussing why I am strongly considering running for President..
@ClassySnobbb: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I'm reading #CrippledAmerica! Best book ever. Thank you!
@mikeyjacques: @realDonaldTrump is a BAD A$$, I could only be so lucky to have an amazing mentor like that in my life.
@sorensen_ao: @HuffPostUKPol @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. #InterestingTimesAhead
.@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove onu2014he has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.
Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
@paulfincher2: I truly believe @realDonaldTrump is America's best choice to get our economy back on course &amp; create needed jobs.
@KosloffM  I really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean Thx
.@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
@MrMet41: @bonn66 @realDonaldTrump @rosannascotto #MrTrump isn't my guy, he is America's guy ! #Trump2016 So nice, thanks!
With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp; @DoleFoundation Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans! 
@wmsolomon: 'On Point' with Gov. Sarah Palin &amp; Donald Trump 
@MeOnAJourney @realDonaldTrump Imagine that, an American president standing up for the American people! Go Trump Go! #Trump2016
Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short!
@taylor70778592: #ObamaLovesAmerica like Rosie O'Donnell loves Donald Trump Interesting.
@BenjaminSakhai: @realDonaldTrump Big changes in 2016? You better be running for presidency! #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident
Via @TIME by @lullintheaction: #REALTIME: Donald Trump Weighs a 2016 Run At #CPAC2015 
@CaptainNormal: @realDonaldTrump Don't run for President! You'll win and I won't get to watch Celebrity Apprentice for four whole years!
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
@futureicon: @GOP Trump is correct Hear about a young woman who was shot to death in San Francisco by a Mexican who'd been deported 5 times
@JoylynBest: @Maryannzfoster @Morning_Joe  ud83cudf0d Don't care about #GOP or Trump but he's the best #GOP running and should win the Primaryud83cudf0d
Via @Newsmax_Media by Cathy Burke: u201cDonald Trump on 2016 Bid: On Scale of 1-10 I'm 'Much More Than Five'u201d 
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
My int. on @FoxNewsu2019 @oreillyfactor: u201cDonald Trump, presidential politics and 'The Factor'u201d 
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
@georgeokc: @realDonaldTrump @libertyladyusa For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation.
@megynkelly: #KellyFile behind-the-scenes: Here I am with @realDonaldTrump on set! He joins me at 9p ET u2013 tune in. 
@David_A_Hurd: @realDonaldTrump Fight the good fight Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP! You are the only one fighting for America! #Trump2016
u201cUPDATE: Trump plans public event at @WartburgCollegeu201d 
@tica1975: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile TMobile sucks can't believe someone like you would promote such a shitty company. Compassionless Co.
@robstanley79: @realDonaldTrump Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration. Nice!
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
u201cConfidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.u201d - Vince Lombardi
@amazechristianl: @realDonaldTrump Are you happy with current polls? Congrats on the success so far.
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!
.@ApprenticeNBC season premiere this Sunday at 9/8c on @NBC- 
Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
@MelRivers: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Thank you for all of your kindness and support. My mother loved you all. LOVE!
@marklindsay78: @Hanan_Khan2 @realDonaldTrump poll numbers are higher then most think, no one is asking Democrats if they are voting Trump
With Joan Rivers and ivankatrump from last night's great boardroom! 
@Michael_Haz: Watched replay of D.T. speaking in Nashua today. He was dead on the mark in terms of creating jobs, managing foreign policy.
@apolloNC1: @realDonaldTrump @MNManstein2 You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!
@utkarsh_chheda: @realDonaldTrump @Elgianne damn.. a lot of haters follow u....  Haters and losers!
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillaryu2019s private illegal emails. Humau2019s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
@WorldNewsPress1: The Success of Donald Trump - Read on 
@scottlara1961: @realDonaldTrump Watching the Celebrity Apprentice
@_Aleshaxo: @realDonaldTrump Now that just put a smile on my face! ud83dude0a Keeping the faith that you will run. #Trump2016
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
@Beyon: @oreillyfactor You know... DonaldTrump is looking pretty damn good as a presidential candidate. Maybe he is our modern day Patton?
True, thanks.  
Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point @TrumpFerryPoint  
Thank you @CharlesHurt for  the nice words on @seanhannity. I will win and Make America Great Again!
@AwaisM: @realDonaldTrump please run
@BraunMatt: Really enjoyed #CelebApprentice tonight. Looking forward to a couple new episodes tomorrow night! @realDonaldTrump
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you! 
I will not let you down! n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
The entire cast will be back for the live finale of @ApprenticeNBC Monday night at 8 PM
.@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
@GeraldSoelz: Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan.
Via Politico: Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll 
@philmonaco67: @realDonaldTrump 100% Donald Trump Supporter Go Trump Make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
@calicombo: @realDonaldTrump @ALEKSMM ford is building a factory in Mexico. Should be in U.S.
@NatashaOwnfan: @ShawnJohnson @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump You have accomplished so much this young, you have a huge road ahead
@Resi_Diederich: @PlatinumRosie @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly is that all you've got??? Haha.
Via @PPDNews: Donald Trump: u2018I Am Not Doing This For Fun,u2019 We Canu2019t Fix U.S. u2018Unless We Put Right Personu2019 In WHn
Just 30 minutes from Manhattan, @TrumpNationalNY is Westchesteru2019s most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course 
Statement on John McCain- 
@gatorfan122752: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. We need you  Stay tuned.
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other Republicans from using it 
.@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!
@RaeRae_luv I'm on the fence but if @realDonaldTrump runs then I'm all good
@jaketapper: DonaldTrump in Iowa says I have a Gucci store that's worth more money than Romney Fact check: true 
My @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation with @JoshMcElveen discussing leadership, China, healthcare &amp; veterans 
@_MSFL_: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpUSA16 A GREAT PATRIOT
@toneantone96: @realDonaldTrump No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of @realDonaldTrump Leadership!
Looking forward to being honored at @citadelgopu2019s Patriot Dinner with @SenatorTimScott in Charleston, SC this Sunday 
.@CarlyFiorina Carlyu2014I did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: u201cTrump says US roads are 'falling apart'u201d 
@gene70: @realDonaldTrump @macys America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald
@HGswiney: @realDonaldTrump is more than an entrepreneur... He's an American icon-and will definitely get my vote in 2016  Thank you!
Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp;  SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys.
Dummy @KarlRove continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago. 
@team6Q: u201cWatch, listen, and #learn. You canu2019t know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.u201d - Donald Trump
Via Breitbart - Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgian
@MARGIE352: @Highlander6700 @Macys They were taken out of context. Trying to make him look bad to the American Hispanic community.
@resilienceisme: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of Miss Universe Bahamas?  Beautiful and nice!
.@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
.@marthamaccallum  Martha, great interview with my son @EricTrump -- smart, tough &amp; professional. Thank you! @FoxNews
@JustinBorges1 Trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. About time someone who isn't afraid to say/do what's necessary took the reigns
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert. 
@miasmiiles: @realDonaldTrump #trumpforpresident2016
@twister2445: @realDonaldTrump all I heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away. #tryme!!
@ColemanG81: I can't wait for DonaldTrump to become president and finally put the US back on top as the worlds greatest country! #Trump2016
@JustSoldCom: @realDonaldTrump trump has a very good chance at 2016! We need you Mr Trump, The US needs you!!
I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
Wow, what a nice honor!  
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th --  look forward to it! 
@DoremusJ: @realDonaldTrump You're my dream candidate. I hope your exploratory committee agrees. If they don't you should fire them. Cute!
@TheAlexanderW_:I think your sign would look just as good on the White House as it does on Trump Chicago. #Trump2016 
Via @PVPatch by Paige Austin: u201cTrump to Donate 12 Acres for Conservation in Palos Verdesu201d 
@smr111382: @realDonaldTrump One of the best interviews I have seen!  @FoxNews
@ileadliberty: I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!
@Allstars_S2: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @CelebApprentice You did a good job Ivanka. Great show!
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
@Britinnv @realDonaldTrump Would the people of US prefer a liar @HillaryClinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
@NagwareXBL: we need @realDonaldTrump for president  So true, thanks!
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
Via The Political Insider: u201cDonald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!u201dn  
@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump @JamersonHayes Agreed! Haters! just because they won't ever have the half the intelligence of Mr. Trump!
@JeffJeffsc777:  Timing is relevant. This is your time. The other candidates don't have an answer, if they did they'd use it, Trump Time!
@MichaelTribunel: @realDonaldTrump imagine Chafey standing up to Putin
@JamesPWilson1: @realDonaldTrump When you become president, we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed
@iamgavinjames politicians have very little real knowledge, &amp; instead are pumped full of political rhetoric by staff. It's #TimeToGetTough
@debateless: @realDonaldTrump I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns #CNNDebate #CNN #Debate #DNC
@AllieKAT129: @realDonaldTrump I don't know what you do but your doing it right.
@johnhmaddox: Listening to DonaldTrump interview on @SavageNation. He's so far above the rest of the field as a practical, realistic leader
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions!
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
Via @NRO by @JOELMENTUM: u201cMatchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowau201d 
@nancysperico: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @MsVivicaFox @LeezaGibbons @nbc Love the glasses. A sophisticated look!
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
@GiamattiJenna: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor it's going 2 b good
@KAWSTEEL: @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump @BrendaRigney just home from awesome buddies trip to #trumpdoral! Great job Thanks!
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldnu2019t care less about u201cinclusion
@nanaelaine7 @realDonaldTrump only YOU can make it GREAT again. Your plan is the only one inside reality. MAKE AMERICA GREAT with TRUMP
@videosigninc: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going Mr. Trump. All the best to you for the New Year. Make America Great Again ! Thanks
@krauthammer: On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!
@TheCRwire: Mitt Romney finally takes the credit he deservesu2026 for #Obamacare 
@i_am__tyler  @MichaelCohen212 I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrat's debate is because of @realDonaldTrump
@tegodreaux: You didnt build an empire on Hope you built it on Hard work and dedication. Balancing budgets and making profits. RUN SIR !
@StoneZipper:  @stephenfhayes Donald Trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is. Will never happen!
.@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
@lorry_bennetti: @realDonaldTrump China has been laughing at the Wud83cudf0fRLD for a long time &amp; will continue to do so!
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, &amp; will have bipartisan support: 
Between Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!
Via @thestate by @andyshain: u201cDonald Trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at SC Tea Party Conventionu201dn
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump today's the day #Trump2016! Good luck!
@Woodsy_gal: Been a long time since I've cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. That's changed bc of YOU. Love U! #Trump2016
Just said at #NCGOPCon that I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office.
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
@JGibson271985: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan I will give you that. Brilliant buildings in the Trump empire. Thank you!
@mec755: @realDonaldTrump @LauraAbokhair Donald Trump could turn this thing around .... WATCH.
The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border
.@ShawnJohnson have a great Easter, you are a real champion!
@tlowery19: @realDonaldTrump for president please! ud83dude29
@_EOD  I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA &amp; yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing
@MarioFMartinezz: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump announcement on June 16. Great.
@Ajdx4Sdesq: @CNN @donlemon @realDonaldTrump this is the best interview so far. Honest, well reasoned and without all the name calling.
@RPTurnberry: @TurnberryBuzz cocktail time at Trump Turnberry 
@NatashaOwnfan:  @MissUniverse @TrumpDoral @KylePorterCBS @CBSSports Donald, you have such a huge heart, love everything Trump
Tomorrow on the @MissUniverse Facebook page submit your final question for the contestants- 
@zengadfly: .@VRWCTexan @JebBush @marcorubio @realDonaldTrump @gatewaypundit More than a few voters may #PlayTheTrumpCard! #backlash
@aanders07: @realDonaldTrump I am actually excited for the weekend to be over so I can watch The Celebrity Apprentice! Can't wait! Enjoy!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL 
@DaRealKhefner: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote ud83dudc4b
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
@JustinKrizel: I can vote in next election. If he runs, I will absolutely vote for  DonaldTrump - he's the best candidate out there.
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41! 
@mikegallagher24: @realDonaldTrump Check out what a great quarterback you once were. With Jim Kelly many years ago. 
@nelly_quarez: .@realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice was awesome yesterdayud83dudd25. Can't wait to see a new episode tonight! @kevinjonas we are here
@antonio_pitocco: First time watching #CelebrityApprentice tonight. @realDonaldTrump plays no games!
@jm9145: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!
@BabyFuzz1969: I want to see YOU represent, we, the people who want our country back. You will be the shining star at August 4th debate!
So many politically correct fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@thehill: P. Diddy is a fan of Donald Trump: 
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
@jcooper75: #DemDebate this debate stinks. CBS News, major fail. @realDonaldTrump
Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@HarpAmyStabler: @FS1 @realDonaldTrump @ColinCowherd this interview is great.
Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%,  but @WSJ reported Cruz momentum but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
@ChrisJPMac: Really looking forward to the Premier of The Apprentice tonight at 9PM EST on NBC.Such a well executed and captivating show.
@gabriellebragg4: How do I find out where @realDonaldTrump is giving speeches at? Because I really want to go to one.
@dalva1616: So true! Vote @realDonaldTrump and have America greatness back to where it belongs : The United States of America.
@mdavis22569: : @realDonaldTrump How is it possible @Macys is having a 4th of July sale, when it's against Freedom of Speech?
@MrsMikeHoover: @realDonaldTrump watching @The_lateshow I'm thinking #DonaldTrump for president ud83dude4fud83dude4fud83dude4f please run I'll vote ud83dudc4dud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
@jesuspacheco58: @realDonaldTrump I've been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something #Trump2016
@ClintonIYH: If the Republicans are serious about stopping Hillary... They really need to nominate @realDonaldTrump I agree!
@Danwolff22: @realDonaldTrump I believe in you to bring this country back to what it once was! MR. Trump for president! Thanks Dan!
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.u201d u2013 President Ronald Reagan
@Forbes: Quote of the Day: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you donu2019t make. - Donald Trump 
The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. -- Arnold Palmer
@GravisMarketing: @OANN Gravis Marketing Poll @realDonaldTrump leading. 
Via @paramuspost: u201c@TrumpSoHo New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offeringsu201d 
@PaulaDuvall2:  Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since 7 yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored.
@Mitestarossa: Jeb Bush should support Donald Trump for President I agree!
@sunnykcollins: Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never Materialized 
@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump I haven't seen anyone carry themselves so Presidential since Reagan. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Great!
@SeppBlatterP: I love my time at @TrumpCollection! The staff handle my valuables with utmost care, I always come away greatly satisfied!
@kausmickey: .@realDonaldTrump was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011 
@HarveyRabitto: @realDonaldTrump Louis Z never ever quit. Neither does Donald T.
@2014_vince: @njm4250 That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump uses,controls china.never loses
Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
@lynn_weiser: @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @EricTrump @ericbolling It's a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!
Via @bostonherald by Eugene R. Dunn: u201cIran a clear dangeru201d 
@TODAYshow: .@CarsonDaly is channeling @realDonaldTrump this morning in Studio 1A! 
@michaeljackson: #FriendlyFriday Michael Jackson with Donald Trump. 
Good advice from my father: Know everything you can about what you're doing. --  Fred C. Trump
@JasonPruett1: @realDonaldTrump Ready for a new eppisode of The Celebraty Apprentice! #yourfired #trumprocks
u201cEveryone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.u201d - @serenawilliams
@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump Thank you! Such a small thing but you make my Day! God Bless you Mr Trump! @foxandfriends
Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!

@xXFlameriumXx:  @MikeandDawnNY Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president! #Trump
@MalachiNorris: I know @realDonaldTrump will be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office. #Trump2016
Jeb Bush - u201cI am a conservativeu201d = Barack Obama -u201cIf you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.u201d
So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy, especially next 10 years!
@DanScavino @realDonaldTrump hosts events around the #USA 4our #Veterans. Long before a presidential run. He loves our military.
Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! @Patriots
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's missing?
All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
@joshuapantoja: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president
@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President of the USA
@seankesser: @realDonaldTrump: Trump University was exceptionally highly rated. Get the facts straight!
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
@KRCompanion: @realDonaldTrump - Huge fan of #CelebrityApprentice &amp; your legendary career! TX for sharing your wisdom &amp; courage.
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
@_MeganEve: #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #MakeSureYouVote @realDonaldTrump
@HankCampbell: Democrats seem to be more interested in Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton.
@nikkoarganese23: @realDonaldTrump you the truth!! I love you
@Dis_labeledVet: @realDonaldTrump here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obama's a Muslim 
@ArthurKade: Fun chatting w/ Derek Hough, Donald Trump, Zac Posen, Harvey Weinstein, Meredith Vieira and more 
@suandres2013: My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. 51 years total with Govt. He's 81 and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald
@cookit1960: @TODAYshow @Carson Daly's @realDonaldTrump so happy 4 Leeza. I was hoping she'd win all along.
Good news, disloyal @Macys stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas! 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
@JohnMarkowitz: @realDonaldTrump you are damn good
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
@misskellyaudrey: @FoxNews @HowardKurtz @MELANIATRUMP Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity #Trump2016
@ayeshakfaines: No one did a Broadway theme?! Waiters in top hats &amp; tails, dancers, Kiss Me Kate cocktails...  #CelebrityApprentice
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.  
@cerrabella: @realDonaldTrump China to build military base in Africa next to critical choke oil transport- zerohedge 
When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
I told you the Oscars were terribleu2014bad look, bad talentu2014and among the lowest ratings in showu2019s history.  
.@WSJ reports that @GOP getting ready to treat me unfairlyu2014big spending planned against me. That wasnu2019t the deal!
u201cDonald Trump: 'I Will Take Full Credit' for Romney Dropping Outu201d 
@stephanienap5: @realDonaldTrump why is your season so rushed???
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
@JohnWeak: I live for every word this man says @business icon @realDonaldTrump: #realestate @business #successfactors @Entrepreneur
@Madrina26: @realDonaldTrump So excited for Sunday and Celebrity Apprentice!!! You will love it, WILD!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, @DonaldJTrumpJr! Very proud of you! #TBT 
How does Ben Carson survive this problem u2013 really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.n  
.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
@JefferyAArnold: #TedCruz for president? Haha. Really @tedcruz? You should run as support for @realDonaldTrump, not as a candidate.
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain 
@MargaretCrowth1: @realDonaldTrump Incompetence now the norm. NYTimes is an example. Need competent leader as role model. Trump2016
Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!
@JRMcClaren:  @purpleheartwife Had it with politicians. They never solve problems, just do the bidding of donors/lobbyist. #Trump2016
@AliasHere: RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
@JenKingPorter: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville Brandi should win! I hope Kate and Geraldo get kicked off soon...
Via @Reuters: Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run 
Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
@tmautner1211  If all the Hispanics hate the @realDonaldTrump, why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?
@bamayorgo1: @realDonaldTrump would be better then Jeb Bush  By a whole lot!
.@deneenborelli  Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
@KPolumbo: @realDonaldTrump @strongvoice I give Shawn alot of credit for standing up for herself!!!!!
Via @dcexaminer by @rebeccagberg: u201cTrump: 'I'm the only one who can beat' Hillaryu201dn
@WreckThisPro: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I'll be watching it. Can't wait until you become our president Trump.
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
@BWW_NYC: Major Jewish Newspaper to Pay Tribute to Joan Rivers &amp; Donald Trump Next Month... 
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!
@trudlun: @IanZiering @ApprenticeNBC @CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump awesome. We all know your keepin it real.
Via @feminamissindia: u201c@MannyPacquiao among @MissUniverse 2015 judgesu201d 
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
Isnu2019t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Tune in to see me on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos at 10am ET. Enjoy!
@The_Edward_K: @realDonaldTrump Your a Genius sir #TrumpForPresident
.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp; not be so focused on me!
@DHarley187: @vdare @claramarks @AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump you tell em trump! Trump speaks the truth
Receiving the Algemeiner Liberty Award--a great honor. 
@GarettWadekempe: Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!
AmyMek  Amen! @realDonaldTrump has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!
.@HallieJackson Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps @NBC will do better next year-but doubt it!
People that have read it tell me that @KarlRove book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! @FoxNews should can him, no credibility!
@fairy_tabibi: Loved seeing @realDonaldTrump speak to the wounded warrior &amp; his family.He has a caring heart and will take care of our vets
No @JebBush, youu2019re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brotheru2019s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
@KeirAlley: @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Overall this is the best dressed cast ever! ud83dudc57ud83dudc54ud83dudc5aud83dudc62 #rhoa
@Brain__Quotes: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal. Be tough. @realDonaldTrump
Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book, American Hunter.
11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
@Rick74467:  @DonaleeCurtis @ApprenticeNBC #CelebrityApprentice is only reality show that's interesting to me! Plus it's for charity.
@barreto_eugenio:  @MittRomney it's sad, but GOP does not want you as their candidate. But we the people do. Latinos for Trump.
@The2ndguardsUS: @realDonaldTrump ROLL TIDE
Via @NewYorkObserver by @Bshapiro91: u201cDonald Trump, @MelRivers Headline @Algemeiner Galau201d 
.@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH.
@Brain__Quotes: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. -Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump
@StephanieKrista: @realDonaldTrump THANK-YOU!!! I hope you are running for POTUS! Got my vote!
Entrepreneurs:  Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go.
@rightjj;: Should definitely include you in the polls! Why exclude someone with real life experiences in running things successfully?
@Tony_Leers: Hillary Clinton is a deceitful career politician, Donald Trump is a no-nonsense billionaire businesses man...pick one..
@Jess_Blanch94: @realDonaldTrump Time for you to announce and run for president Mr. Trump! #YouHaveMyVote
Thank you! #Trump2016n
Via @RealClearNews by @rebeccagberg: u201cIs the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?u201d  
@Truth_or_Rumor: @realDonaldTrump It's not so much that Iran made a good deal, it's that Kerry and Obama gave away the store.  O.K.!
@anotherTRUMPvot: The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to @LindseyGrahamSC tell you all you need to know.
@JoanSlavin1 @greigaspinall @johnrich Simply BRILLIANT would never miss it Trump family a credit to society re charitable donations
.@Kstupples Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. Iu2019ve long been your fanu2014now am an even bigger fan! @TrumpDoral
@SanchezBrutus: Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion.
@mholsbunes: Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy: 
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
@msbul: Your a gentlemen Ben but not our next President, @realDonaldTrump 
.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
.@danielhalper  Great job on @CNN today. Very wise indeed!
@Molly_Stew: @realDonaldTrump adding Housewives to your show calls for entertaining tv ud83dude0a #CelebrityApprentice
@T_Johnson_TJ: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! #Trump2016 Thanks.
@Chris_R_2014: @WendyPeters What I admire is that Donald Trump loves this country. He will put country over self and make America great.
Mexico's court system  corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S.
@littlevd23: @realDonaldTrump Like the Nike Ad says Mr.Trump JUST DO IT! Run for President and give America what it needs..A true leader!
When candidate John Kasich, on the @oreillyfactor, talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
@johnny4arizona: Dream Debate 4 #Election2016 Clinton vs Trump: Trump would be FIRED UP, and Hillary would be NOT HIRED !!! #Trump2016
@cleopattraUSA: Please maku00e8 it a 100% chance you'll run for President! 'I could make this country great again' 
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!
@ODedOnRealityTV: @realDonaldTrump Anxious for another 2 hrs. of @ApprenticeNBC tonight.
@soupman227: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump #WakeUpAmerica the media has shown its true colors.
@PrabhuSadasivam: Inspiring! Determination &amp; perseverance will pay off @WorldNewsPress1 The Success of Donald Trump 
.@AnnCoulter's new book-- Adios, America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole-- is a great read. Good job!
@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump
u201cIowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bidu201d 
@FreedomHaawk: @realDonaldTrump Don't let them try to school you, or try to rearrange you, you have a mind of your own.STAY SHARP. I will!
@CarlosMirabal8: @realDonaldTrump great 2 shows tonight. Can't wait till next week.
@engy20: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be one of the great Presidents! Admiration and respect from Canada Mr. Trump! Thanks.
@msft9: @realDonaldTrump @RichRichie725 good job on O'Reilly tonight!
@BreitbartVideo: .@AnnCoulter: Trump Has Best Shot in General Election 
@Amit_D_R: @realDonaldTrump @4kmiddlebrook I'm sure the American voters will say, Mr Trump you are hired!
@SarahLynEllis: The Donald fired THREE people this past episode ud83dude31 @realDonaldTrump that's why he's the best! #CelebrityApprentice
@JulesSiscoe: We finally have a voice with @realDonaldTrump! #VoteTrump #CoalitionForTrump #CitizensForTrump
Lots of great new polls--big leads!  
@bucwaas: @realDonaldTrump please get elected! Be the next Reagan! You can do it! Thanks!
@EyeOnPolitics: But, I loved seeing @IvankaTrump's brand on @RealDonaldTrump's show. Her shoes are my favorite. I have a closet full. Great
@DavidBougs:  @scorpio5053 @nowandthan @RealMarkCole Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
.@THR The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Who's Benefiting Most? 
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that u201cTrumpu201d will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump Tell um to get out the check book Donald
@agentvf: @realDonaldTrump Stay strong and get ready for next debate. Great job last night.
@mbgrimm02: @BrandiGlanville  @ApprenticeNBC I really wish Kate would just shut it and let people talk and quit her side comments!!!
Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors &amp; pay rising premiums.
Watch my appearance on @Morning_Joe - great interview! 
@buffyG6820: I say Donald Trump takeover the WhiteHouse now, Barack Obama is a fraud. DonaldTrump @HouseGOP @EPN 
 Haim Saban: Hillary Clintonu2019s Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims   
@_Maira26: @piersmorgan @realDonaldTrump @OMAROSA That was the best TV moment ever!
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
@EJ1469: @realDonaldTrump well half of Mexico will see the event because they are here in the USA
@ApolloBohono69: @realDonaldTrump This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain ud83dudc9a  Thank you.
@Christianlord12:  RUBIO sat back during debate on Immigration hoping no 1 would ask him about Gang of 8. 
For those on TV defending my use of the word schlonged, bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
@dcfoodsafety:  @nbc @ApprenticeNBC that is great this is a show that teaches you real skills - very few shows on TV actually do that!
Looking forward to speaking @nranews Convention in Nashville 
@dpc1975: I will never get a reply but @realDonaldTrump is the real deal. #TCA15 is the best show on tv right now.
@CFT1 @realDonaldTrump doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
@Karentalk:  @foxandfriends @kilmeade WE KNOW YOU ARE A PATRIOT..WE ARE GRATEFUL FOR YOU..YOU LOVE AMERICA..AMERICA LOVES YOU.
@Karentalk: @RogerJStoneJr  @megynkelly Fiorina is not surging..she is begging for money..and she owns this. 
@hotroddergirl: @realDonaldTrump trump 20/20 shows just what hard work and good family can do. Blue collar with you.
How do third rate talents with no smarts like @ron_fournier get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!
@Jessyandcandy: Trump,  you got my vote. With your proven resume os success. People would be nuts not to vote for you. Trump2016
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldnu2019t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
@currentlyFeed: The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner.
@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump  Your new DC hotel sign should say future hotel of our next president! #Trump2016 
@dlustv: Trump SNL Episode Generates Highest Ratings Since 2012: At the very least, Donald Trump is making Sat... 
@autumnandews08:  @KatrinaPierson @AnnCoulter @MichaelCohen212 Trump blows them all away! He's our next president! #Trump2016
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
@suzannesaxx: @realDonaldTrump 
@ultradave1951: @realDonaldTrump check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Mia/pow records
@Agent_54 @theblaze @pretrim10 MSM can't push DonaldTrump around. 
@jazzjuicer: @realDonaldTrump @KeyWestBravo @IvankaTrump Mother's looks and dad's smarts: she'll go far.  True.
Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't report!
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever,  WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
My @bostonherald interview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State &amp; Making America Great Again! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@StartupSupaStar: I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. -Donald Trump 
True. Thanks.  
@raider8381:  @Morning_Joe @FoxNews   America wants DONALD TRUMP! TV Heads still refuse to embrace that reality! Media are LIARS.
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump Will you run? Will you run for President? Mr Trump, your Nation needs you! #saveoursouls Stay tuned, thanks!
@Wallys1700: @realDonaldTrump our country seriously needs you now please run for pres #Trump2016
@joshdronzek  @realDonaldTrump @Macys GO TRUMP
@_chanelelle_: Donald Trump is my inspiration in life @realDonaldTrump love u Donald u the real mvp!!
.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
@jennasnowy69: @realDonaldTrump why is Webb there??
@jak00seven: If you like how @HillaryClinton handled #Benghazi, then you'll just u2665 her as Commander-in-Chief  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@JustSoldCom: @realDonaldTrump SO HAPPY #CelebrityApprentice is back on! Thanks Donald for keeping it real!
Thank you, Greta.  
@PGA_com: Check out this amazing video of DonaldTrump's proposed changes to Turnberry: 
@MichaelEntrekin: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP best day ever? I'd say yes. #Trump2016 
The event with me and @V4SA in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone 
.@JebBush,nAt the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope! 
Thank you @rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!
Don't forget, episodes 2 and 3 of @ApprenticeNBC are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on @NBC.
@jlow: Monday mornings are twice as hard when I don't have @foxandfriends AND Donald to listen to. Thanks @dish for taking away my FOX! ud83dude21
@MONEYmakingSHOE: @realDonaldTrump run for president.
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
@nedbello: @realDonaldTrump Your Doing GREAT!  Thanks.
Incredible progress at @trumptowerpde u2013 Punta del  Este, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!  
@FoxGotTrumped: @realDonaldTrump with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!! #Trump2016
@MichaelCohen212  Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer         #CNN @wolfblitzer 
@SandraOpines: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE watching Donald Trump in action. Free education. Just watch and learn. LOVE IT. #TrumpTrain Nice.
President Obama said ISIL continues to shrink in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
Via @OceanDriveMag by @SuzMcGeeNYC: Q&amp;A: Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf &amp; the Championships 
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil, they would now be bust!
@chipman88 @realDonaldTrump @DavidDCarpenter @lafrana @Macys I didn't know Macy's was still in business. Oh well, still not going there.
Why isn't anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
@therightnewz: I'm Looking At It Extremely Seriously: Donald Trump Talks About a 2016 Presidential Run (VIDEO) 
@CarterDeKeyser: People get so mad when I tell them the only person I would even consider voting for in 2016 is @realDonaldTrump if he runs
@BenjaminHowling: Donald, our prince! (Daniel 12:1) Don would rather someone else stand up for our people, but they will not, so he will.
@Rongtr: @realDonaldTrump Great show! My money is on Sig Hanson or Geraldo Rivera!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
@StefanVersac: @megynkelly @ChrisStirewalt  @ChrisChristie @realDonaldTrump Rosie O'Donnell was the best answer of that whole debate
@girl_iowagirl20: #STOPTHEPRESSES @britthume just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee! #HellJustFrozeOver @FoxNews
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
@USAforDJTRUMP: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Mr. Trump, you need to get some rest. We need you to stay healthy so that you can be our President!
@poolsharkNC: @GolfDigest Great! @TrumpScotland @realDonaldTrump I can't get enough of that fantastic place. 
I'm on @CNN's @AC360 tonight @8pm &amp; @FoxNews' @seanhannity @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain
@Business_MANN: u201c@realDonaldTrump: @stephanienap5: @realDonaldTrump why is your season so rushed???u201d He's getting ready to campaign!
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
@tarashuman: DonaldTrump Thank you so much for your amazing HOPE message!!! I'm so grateful. #hopeisagoodbreakfast 
Wow, great post-debate poll: Trump Increases Lead via Breitbart  
@JeffJeffsc777: Mr Trump can speak, the difference, he's actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk he's had to finance on his own!
@seriouslybright: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump getting a great fix tonight! 2 episodes!
@TadBoikins: @dabeard @realDonaldTrump He's firing up the GOP base. #crushingit
So nice, thank you very much.  
As usual, the storm of the century was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time, energy and money!
Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a fence. It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!
The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller.
@cdgrafics: @greta @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men.
FLASHBACK via @Reuters from 2004: u201cDonald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasionu201d It's called great vision.n  
@GaryWhalenTV A pleasure to film at the beautiful @TrumpScotland links course &amp; club house. Thanks to @realDonaldTrump &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr..
@JacoH: @CNN @realDonaldTrump I can't believe how low CNN can go. Obviously a bunch of Killary fans. @CNN only says negative-bad reporters
u201cTRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to bothu201d 
@nbcsnl: See you at Rockefeller Center. #SNL 
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI 
@fantasticharris: @realDonaldTrump loves the @Patriots
Via @eonline by @BrettMalec: u201c2014 @MissUniverse Contestantsu201d 
Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
@Kbherman: 75 degrees and perfect @TrumpGolfLA Beautiful work @realDonaldTrump !!! 
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
@Read_my_note No wonder why @realDonaldTrump is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!
@FakeSkiTeam: @realDonaldTrump That's why we need tough, smart leaders like you in the White House instead of this pushover Obama!
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it!
@BrandiGlanville: TONIGHT Celebrity Apprentice 8/7c Ep. 2 &amp; 3! 2 Hours of Back to Back Competition @ApprenticeNBC 
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didnu2019t attend because heu2019s boring &amp; often wrongu2014a total dope!
@warrencasselljr: @realDonaldTrump This show is pure genius! #CelebrityApprentice
@iamgerg: @realDonaldTrump Thereu2019s only one guy with the intellect, balls and know how to fix this countryu2026Donald Trump 2016
@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain
.@RobertGBeckel Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! @CNN
@Jamgrigs: @realDonaldTrump Trump keep fighting the fight for America, we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION
@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends keep telling it like it truly is! God Bless You And Yours!!
Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@rp53pierce: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people
@Whitejl0111: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  McCain   hasn't done anything for the Vets; fact! He only talks about himself! ud83dude23
Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%.  
Follow @TrumpNH for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
@Madisonbb11: @realDonaldTrump The theme song NEVER gets old. #CelebrityApprentice
@ShortCakesSheep: Yaaaaay @THEGaryBusey on #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump this is the best!
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!  
Via @CBNNewsu2019 @TheBrodyFile: u201cPoll: Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for Presidentu201d 
New Zogby pollu2014 highly respectedu2014 but the media wonu2019t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!n   n  
Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!
Great job on @Greta @DonaldJTrumpJr. Nobody could have done it better!
@danowiggins: @realDonaldTrump I always enjoy your straight talk. I'm afraid America can't handle the truth. Perhaps so!
@jwil444: @realDonaldTrump @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Trump would shape the debate and dialogue in a way no one else could
@tonyschiano: Unlike #Obama....he can think outside the box! #Trump2016 ~ @usplaymoney @realDonaldTrump @beny_benson
A great @The Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!
Via @TPInsidr 
Via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer: Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobsn
.@TrumpCollection continues to deliver the goods   
@tara_doner: @realDonaldTrump run for president!
Entrepreneurs: Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind!
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!
@Robostop10: @realDonaldTrump This is not good. 
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
@umakemeill: @FoxNews @JebBush @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump 
@vettesetter: RT @realDonaldTrump: My @USATOpinion piece: Trump: I don't need to be lectured 
@Piratelover22: @realDonaldTrump Not to mention your wife will show this planet what a First lady IS! #CLASS #STYLE  So true!
The @washingtonpost, which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. Bad
.@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump @davidaxelrod I knew when I heard him say it you would speak up. Good on ya!
@peenerad: @realDonaldTrump It needs to be done, Donald, these Republican GOP Candidates, just do not pass mustard. #Trump2016!!!!  True!
@twinkle_s  Apprentice is so good this season. I'd like to thank @realDonaldTrump for these 2 back to back episodes !!!! this show amazing
@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump has never rushed into anything! We will wait on you! #Trump2016
@Patti_Page: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump One of the many reasons I like the Trumps...each family member is charitable and kind. Thanks
@TBI_ArmyWife: Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the #HiddenHeroes. Proud to be a Texas Fellow @DoleFoundation
@abbydNYC: u201c@realDonaldTrump: The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
@AdamBlickstein:I never thought I'd say this but @realDonaldTrump sparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didn't keep US safe
@chuckiscool: I work for Bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur NJ courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great!
@straitblazin: @realDonaldTrump has an all star cast of celebrities this season of @ApprenticeNBC! This should be interesting. True.
@CalhounDeane: Say what you want about @realDonaldTrump The Apprentice is SUCH a career saver for so many people!!! #AbsoluteIcon
@JPMORGAN2016: TRUMP NEEDS HIS OWN POLL A REAL POLL, IN EVERY STATE. THESE POLLS ARE SO RIDICULOUS.THE MEDIA WILL ONLY GET WORSE FROM HERE
@theqtan: @realDonaldTrump please run for President! The country needs you! #Trump2016
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
Join us at 10pmE on @ABC2020 @ABC with @BarbaraJWalters! #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020 
@ToTheTanr @realDonaldTrump You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BS's
@ghostlyprep: @realDonaldTrump is amazing ud83dudc4cud83cudffb you can tell me he's not when you're as successful as him
When I broadly proclaimed Mitt u201cchokedu201d u2013 and would do it againu2014everybody said yeah, heu2019s right.
@CazeauHue: @realDonaldTrump @JoshuaDummer you'll be the best president for USA
Thanks.  
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  @BretBaier
u201cTalent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.u201d u2013 Michael Jordan @Jumpman23
@foxandfriends:  Trump helps u2018SNLu2019 blow roof off the ratings, most viewers since 2012 
@SeanBolza: Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump
George Will was a big Iraq fool.  $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy.
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Congrats to @cheflents of TrumpCollection's #TrumpChicago on being a James Beard semifinalist: 
@PamKing8628: @mikerandcom @realDonaldTrump @LeezaGibbons @IanZiering #TeamLeeza to the finish line!!
@VetApologist This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why @realDonaldTrump resonates!
@jazztheelf: @realDonaldTrump you're the only reason I'm registering to vote &amp; first president I'm donating to!! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 Thanks.
Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
@agoodeye: @oreillyfactor v @realDonaldTrump Bill you're out of your league. Don knows what he's saying
@dennismurino: @realDonaldTrump every Americans dream #trump2016
@seangeezee:  Announced today the 33rd #PGA Grand Slam of Golf to be held @TrumpNationalLA Oct2015 @NBCSportsRadio 
Just watched @marcorubio on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
.@mkhammer, a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!
National Review @NRO may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @JonahNRO. No talent means death - sad!
@oledudstillgoin: @realDonaldTrump Trump 4 President 2016....count on my vote!
Very honored: Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds     n
@MarySmi59722224: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016!!!
Thanks.  
@bfb123456: @trumpiowa @PlaysTrumpCard @realDonaldTrump  WOW! FANTASTIC!. WHO KNEW AMERICANS WERE SO SMART? GREAT TO KNOW WE'RE so smart
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP 
@ArizonaNFLFan: .@realDonaldTrump I love celebrity apprentice. The storylines are much better than NFL playoff football.
u201cTEA TALK: Highlights from Monday convention speech from Donald Trumpu201d 
@lewgeraldine: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT YOU HAVE MY VOTE.  GREAT.
@IPFinancing: @realDonaldTrump @daltonkats Trump Chicago is my favorite.
At the Old Post Office- 
Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
@SolFusionGreg: @Mediaite The more the Progressives &amp; RINO's poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
@Nnogemane: @realdonaldtrump just watched y interview-the economic club. Great interview!! Thanks.
u201cTrump: u2018No wayu2019 Bush, Romney would win in 2016u201d 
@mikegallagher24: @collinsworthsnf Interview @realDonaldTrump during Jim Kelly Shootout.. 
@JayLefkowitz: @Dewarsplz  @fitsnews @SenTedCruz Ted Cruz would be fine as would Huckabee. But Trump would be best and Romney the worst.
@TVDiva_critic: @realDonaldTrump let's get it on baby!!! Celebrity apprentice its on!!!
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for Nevadau2014WOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4n  
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
@golf_com: .@realDonaldTrump's NYC course just opened, and it is spectacular: 
@nicksibrodi: @realDonaldTrump  Can't America wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country. #trumpforprez
@MegaPandaduck: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor We desperately need another great president. Come on Mr. Trump, America needs you!
@kamwaters: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for your exciting June announcement! Keep posting videos, they're always informative. #Trump2016
Via HuffPost Pollster #1 
Will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pmE on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Amazing crowd outside @FallonTonight. Tune in tonight at 11:30. 
@MY_2BCOLLIES: @MiloandJack  Actually Milo, Mr Trump felt Kate has a good shot at winning. DonaldTrump was very complimentary about Kate.
#CelebApprentice  What do you think of the new teams/PMs?
@LivNow: THIS IS WHO WE R u2606REGISTER AS REP ONLINE 2VOTE TRUMP IN PRIMARY : 
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BAD
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @CBSNews Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
@lunar_kismet15: @realDonaldTrump @champforrest @megynkelly i cant wait to see you on Gregs new show! You get my vote.
@hufseyg: I've waited to vote for @realDonaldTrump since I was little. I can't wait for 2016
.@CarlyFiorina  Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. I didnu2019t say it, he did. Apology?
ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern border 
@JenniferJJacobs: Trump says he was establishment. I backed McCain he lost. I backed Romney he lost. This time I'm doing it myself.
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy.
Thank you @Morning_Joe for explaining to @CNN and @andersoncooper and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing.
I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
Miamiu2019s top destination, @TrumpDoralu2019s remodeled Royal Palm Pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas 
@approject: Via @Pulse2016: Taking @realDonaldTrump Seriously 
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and Iu2019ve been proven right.
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: u201cDonald Trump: 'We Must Make America Great Again'u201dn  
@sebplaski: @realDonaldTrump Why is Trump for real? Because he knows how to deal!
Looking forward to tonight's Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015  @AyrshireChamber
@WayneDupreeShow: Aren't U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SLAM against illegal immigration into him hating all immigrants
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! 
@b_ranzetta: The books great @realDonaldTrump #CrippledAmerica 
@mariadomenique9: The mens team has better flavors of pies. Interested to see who wins! #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump
Great poll- thank you Nevada!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@BackOnTrackUSA: Again, Obama has made us a laughing stock with his Iran  negotiations . Obama is a disgrace &amp; an embarassment
Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!
Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting!
@curtismuddog: @limbaugh @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump is Hillary's worst nightmare! Just take a look at Illinois rally last night.
@CahlRStorrie I think @realDonaldTrump is the only reason I watch Fox and Friends. Honest man he is. @foxandfriends
@mjpomor: @realDonaldTrump @mayrazayago This building is awesome. Kind of neat if Donald becomes either the POTUS or the VPOTUS. Mk
.@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didnu2019t win one raceu2014a total loser. @FoxNews
We need a great leader- now! 
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
@toypilaVzla: RT @MrNicolasBell: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile @JohnLegere @Verizon is the best service provider 
@monmk1: @JohnnyDamon @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC you were great!! Such a great team player!!!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
@HORPTyler  While I'll miss the Celebrity Apprentice Season 15, I think it's great that @realDonaldTrump will try for the White House.
Saudi Arabia was vehemently against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Watch Celebrity Apprentice, on NOW!
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
@saneplanet: @toddwmoore01 @realDonaldTrump I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff. @greta spilled beans about 25k Thank you!
u201cI love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.u201d u2013 Derek Jeter
Via @myrbeachonline by @TSN_MPrabhu: Donald Trump states case for becoming POTUS at SC Tea Party conventionn
@piercingshawn: @realDonaldTrump Please don't roll over . You are this country's last hope and our kids need you. Don't lose this deal !
@1MuskyHunter:  @suzannesaxx we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please; time for real change #trumpforprez
Entrepreneurs: Set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like.
@615realjg: Donald Trump Is The Only Man That Understands Life Right Now Thank you.
Poor @JebBush spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone), I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs!
@nick_bailey: Can't wait to see @realDonaldTrump's miraculous border fence when he's elected President in 2016!
Via @globegazette by @GGMaryP: u201cTrump: We'll bring American dream backu201d 
@BrendelFred: @realDonaldTrump @pam_rugan coolest building in Chicago. Didn't think that was possible. Trump run for Prez, plz
@NBCVote: Awesome! @northwesternsig got $25k from @realDonaldTrump and $40k from @GeraldoRivera for @CoastGuardFound Charity wins!
@RPTurnberry: @TurnberryBuzz @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump one of the million reason to stay at Trump Turnberry 
@JayhawkRunner: Good work @RoccoMediate shooting -5 today in the @ChampionsTour event in Hawaii ; sporting the @realDonaldTrump hat.
If the presidential election were held today, according to this @surveyusa poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: 
@iliveamongyou:  @BostonGlobe: Ben Carson advisers say he struggles with foreign policy 
@Bravolebrity1: @realDonaldTrump @GeraldoRivera is like that bunny that keeps on ticking Just waiting for him to explode!! #CelebApprentice
@homefreeee: @realDonaldTrump He needs to stop all Visas not look at them!
@aaron_athman: @realDonaldTrump first time I can ever vote and you've got mine! I want to make America great again!!!  FANTASTIC!
@Jenism101: @realDonaldTrump @97Musick Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right.
@BullAlyssa: @realDonaldTrump ... Your tweets are always epic!! ud83dude02
@RICHMCLOUGHLIN: @realDonaldTrump @YossiGestetner GIVE THEM HELL.
@MikeRicks: Joining Reagan as POTUS with a star on the walk of fame @realDonaldTrump? #gotmyvote 
@someasianchick: Will you be my valentine @realDonaldTrump ??? Or at least run for president?
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@xxjennypennyxx: @realDonaldTrump Super excited to be spending Easter in Doonbegud83dude4fud83dude4c #Spa #irishgirl #Donaldtrump #lovetrump #Ireland
We need a #POTUS with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that.n#Trump2016 
I told everybody the Oscars were no goodu2014Nielsen ratings confirmed, one of the lowest ratings in history.
Must read article via @fitsnews: DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO 
Will be interviewed on Media Buzz with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M.
.@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!
@bigpaulfla: @realDonaldTrump  She has come back looking like Nancy Grace
@tgainesgirl:  @WeLoveTheDonald I totally agree I almost cried watching @greta interview with you. Do it just do it Run and save America
@stacekop: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo may be crazy enough to do whatever it takes.
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.
@DBottenhagen: @realDonaldTrump the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don
@EveWicked: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN love you Trump! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health &amp; happiness! Happy Hanukkah! 
@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday! @foxandfriends
@Momfullofhope @BorderWall @realDonaldTrump rocks it everywhere he goes Thanks.
Thanks Geraldo, you're a champion. 
@MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump @mj_lee now I know where not to watch or shop @Macys account closed
@iiarwatch: @realDonaldTrump You fired the right woman tonight. Kenya &amp; Brandi each must go. The lowest of the low.
@_John_Handel: @realDonaldTrump @ScottWalker and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities.
@FenitaAyu1: I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump
@2014_vince @realDonaldTrump @NCGOP donald for president..a true patriot
@racheljoycowley I'm done with Macy's. Apparently, they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every American freedom. Done!
While Iu2019m beating my opponents in the polls, Iu2019m also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions.
@ftimewifenmomma: I am really liking @realDonaldTrump. We NEED someone who will tell the TRUTH. ud83dudc4d
@fedupwithgovern: Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion
@BritLizHilton: #CelebrityApprentice  @DonaldJTrumpJr don't follow me but he has children to be proud of. I really admire @realDonaldTrump
I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
Via @gatewaypundit: u201cMother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearingu201d 
@Tom38Ts I wanted Trump to be the President in 2012 the country needs Trump to be the next president in 2016
@davesportsgod: @realDonaldTrump I hope you decide to really run for President this time. Are you going to make a decision soon? Very soon
@RockinJoe1: @realDonaldTrump your candidacy would hit the GOP like a wrecking ball! Total game changer  Stay tuned!
@PrincessDaytura: @TMobile   Thank you for having the courage to speak out against corporate coruption, much respect Mr Trump. #Trump4Prez
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
Corey Lewandowski, Senior Political Adviser:  Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness.
Great @ANHQDC segment with @CharlesHurt: Breaking Down the Trump Factor 
@SONYGYRL: @realDonaldTrump @tlp_trac @terrellowens no, gilbert wasn't good. he cant be focused on the product, more interested in a laugh
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you @BreitbartNews. n
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
@GodIgetitnow: @realDonaldTrump it will not be pretty (Keisha YOUR FIRED) #CelebApprentice
@linda_lcarson: @realDonaldTrump Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!
@rennie022164: @EastonWestwood @JonahNRO @stephenfhayes I'm thinking a businessman like Trump is the only one who can fix this mess! True!
@FieldRoamer: Americau2019s most reliable bellwether county has fallen for @realDonaldTrump 
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebaten
@taylorj0103: I hope and pray- @realDonaldTrump. 
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@gunjan507: MISS UNIVERSE PRELIMINARY COMPETITION ON JANUARY 21 
Will be doing a sit down interview with  @JakeTapper @CNN on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
@judiejudyjudy: @Macys I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine
@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Happy Valentines Day to you and your lovely wife. Jesus Loves you both.
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
@sragens: @realDonaldTrump on my 2nd trip to Chicago, love your sign on Trump towers!!
@bitchpuuuhlease: @realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!
Great read:  u201cHow New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'u201d 
@CNNPolitics: .@clayaiken praises good guy Trump and his upstanding and grounded kids 
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@debra0155: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon absolutely, he's just simply the best #realdonaldtrump
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
@lorictolbert: @realDonaldTrump please run for #president2016
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
@AndrewJThom: @realDonaldTrump why does The Apprentice intro still show your 727? You should show that gorgeous 757!!!! You are right.
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! 
@Pri. Had a dream that @realDonaldTrump was POTUS and @WarrenBuffett was VP. Our country was finally debt free. Too bad it was only a dream
@axpeters17: @kevinjonas is the one to beat on @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
@TAlcornVan: @realDonaldTrump Love #CelebrityApprentice and am a huge fan! Would love to c u run for #president! #teamdonaldtrump! ud83dude0eud83dudc4d
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
By @kwrcrow: Hey Washington Post; u2018Only You Hate Donald Trumpu2019 or 'Is it FEAR?' 
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @CNN Poll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!
The failing @politico news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
@nozzero  @realDonaldTrump Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!
@jonygitar: #morningjoe @morningmika @Morning_Joe @JoeNBC Surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative?
@James00549702:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Sometimes Megyn thinks she has an agenda. It pays to be humble &amp; just report the news!!
@M_Foresta: @realDonaldTrump I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning.
@fooschamp95: @business @nytimes    Any GOP candidate will lose except for @realDonaldTrump I agree!
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian   
The Blue Monster @TrumpDoral was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it.
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
@ReversingASD: @60Minutes notice how your twits about @realDonaldTrump are the most RT!  We the American ppl love and want #Trump2016 !
Congratulations to @GatewayPundit on being named the #ROL15 @BreitbartNews award. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved!
@vlynpowell: @realDonaldTrump At happy hour tonight in Charleston, SC, everyone at the bar said they were supporting Donald Trump. Thanks!
@daveyhubb: @realDonaldTrump @la_loquita rescue our countryu2026
Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight! 
@LBabcock2:  @oreillyfactor @FoxNews I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions. He is a joke!
@MintzShire: @realDonaldTrump @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics We need Trump Now!!!  Make America Great Again!
@Garrett__Cox: @realDonaldTrump This Show Is GOLD!!!! #CelebrityApprentice
@BillyMayfield: @realDonaldTrump great show tonight! Can't wait till tomorrow night!!
@WillAA99: @realDonaldTrump For The Love of The United States of America don't let another Bush or Clinton in Office! Run Donald Trump Run!
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, @IvankaTrump.
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@mrsabh: @realDonaldTrump well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever. #Godspeed sir.
@Sulli1963: @AnnCoulter final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina
@Bchipper83: All 3 of the Trump men are handsome! Love watching #CelebApprentice! @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump
Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business.
@BMckenna38: @realDonaldTrump potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!!  True.
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
@darryljirwin: @realDonaldTrump any coincidence finale is on President's Day? #trump2016
@MalachiNo: How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time.
Donald Trump Sends @FallonTonight to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. @JimmyFallon, that is #HUGE!n
@BestBergerEver: Mr. @realDonaldTrump, I agree: T-Mobile stinks. Just buy the company &amp; turn it into Trump-Mobile! #Trump4Prez
@VeryRich_Bitch: Can't wait to see how #Phonegate plays out @realDonaldTrump @MsVivicaFox #CelebApprentice
@RealMetman: @realDonaldTrump nice segment on @foxandfriends.. you have my vote
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
.@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- wouldu2019ve been swamped if he ran again!
@cwbyfn12: @realDonaldTrump you really need to run for president. Our country needs a leader like you!
@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump @jonkarl Hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out! #TrumpRocksAmerica
@JYakburger: @EthaBrooke  IF @MittRomney ran more like @realDonaldTrump and less like McCain, he would've won. Failed campaign tactics.
@alexseeley73 @TrumpSoHo just leaving after 4 days and I must say it was amazing. Thank u for your attention to details. Great, thank you.
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
.@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
@Louie_Avella: #Trump2016 lets go @realDonaldTrump
Our debt finances Chinau2019s military. It's time to get tough u2013 we hold all the cards. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorlyu2014there is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tappedu2014and nobody sees it!
@willfitz94: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 or bust
@RasmussenNews @weeklystandard  Yea, but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!
.@TrumpDoral will be featured on @GolfChannel this morning (now).
@WilliamESammon1: #HillaryForPrison2016 
@DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads... 
@dancriscuolo: If Donald Trump isn't my president by 2017 I'm gettin' the h**k outta here! @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@DynamyteBeats: @realDonaldTrump is the only choice for 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you.
@bobby990r_1: @realDonaldTrump @mjv1975 Best reality show on television!#celebrityapprentice!
@05FXDLI: @realDonaldTrump As usual, great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. I enjoy your frankness and honesty.  Thanks.
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
@djf123: @realDonaldTrump @PJTV #DonaldWillBeTheGOPNominee!
@MrsJRobbins: America needs @realDonaldTrump !!!  #Trump2016
Via @TheYBF: u201c@msvivicafox Attends A Private Screening + Donald Trump DONATES $25K To @peachespulliamu2019S Kamp Kizzyu201dn
.@Betsy_McCaughey Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments.  I will help the veterans like no one else.   
@TEB2350: @RealityTVBliss @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump I kinda liked Kenya on CA
Thank you. 
Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
@suzyserb: @realDonaldTrump 100,000 people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP 2016. Checking out the clown competition
@MasterBaxter8: I want to see a man that's not a career politician in office. America FORGOT what a great leader can do! #fixtheUSA
@0nlyPablo: Watching Season 8 of @ApprenticeNBC (w/ Joan) on YouTube and I'm hooked! Glad I found out about this show! #WhereHaveIBeen
@Capital_Golf: @realDonaldTrump my 10 yr old daughter watches #CelebrityApprentice over Disney Channel. #lovestowin #willlovetheshoes
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Shouldnu2019t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much u2013 you are a loyal friend!
Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Letu2019s make America great again! 
@monkiekaty: @realDonaldTrump @AlorAcai If Mr. Trump runs for president, we will voteud83dudc4d
@LAgirlrebelyell:Safe travels DonaldTrump Can't wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back
@LuvCanes: Caught up on @CelebApprentice over the last two nights. @realDonaldTrump You've done it again! Awesome!
Via @washingtonpostu2019s @goingoutguide by @timcarman: u201c @gzchef open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilionu201d 
If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again. - last line of my @SRQRepublicans speech
Via @Newsmax_Media by u201cDonald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authorityu201d 
@misterdish69: @cathyspartanj @realDonaldTrump @AshleyEdam @GravisMarketing @OANN 
.@ximenaNR  Great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST!
I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View, and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!
@cher: Never thought Iu2019d Sayu2026Donald Trump is a Giant Among Gop front runnersu203cufe0f cruz=devil  rubio=RAGE AGAINST WOMEN carson=JUST TELL ME WHY
.@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally).
@DolliByron: @realDonaldTrump this is my favorite show!!!!
@omgnastygirl: @realDonaldTrump Make our country great again.. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT !
@insuradude: The fix is in Donald did his best performance and @MarkHalperin @Morning_Joe has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in pain  Joke
.@johnhawkinsrwn  Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon.
.@scottienhughes  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
@daytonkreb @realDonaldTrump  Come on Donald, #America needs you  #CaptainAmerica #Trump2016
@FoxNewsInsider: .@FrankLuntz Explains Why @realDonaldTrump Has Plenty of Staying Power @seanhannity #Hannity
@wingchungun: ud83dudc49Trumpud83dudc48 would have Iran not only dismantling their Nuke program but would be paying the US to help! ... &amp; in ONE day!!!
At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonightu2019s @ApprenticeNBC.  #CelebApprentice
@thewatcher23579: One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING
@coltsfan322: @realDonaldTrump @EricShawnonFox 
@themattgrissom: @realDonaldTrump That's why someone not in politics needs to run for president. I think you know a guy.
@ansun_sayavong: Your opponents have no idea what they're dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius. #artofwar
@atroxell: @KenyaMoore @RealityTVBliss @realDonaldTrump making it happenu2708ufe0f
@MyTime28: @FoxBusiness @realDonaldTrump I rather see him as President than any Republican out there, at least he will think $$$$ and sense
Why can't @Politico get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
@thegre8_1:  @SenTedCruz In addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to US
Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! Iu2019m glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow
Thank you @thefix for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond. n
Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, is close to Palm Beach and designed by Jack Nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course. 
I predict that dying @UnionLeader newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher Stinky Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!
LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conferencen#Trump2016  
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didnu2019t they report?
@Bigdaddyjohnc: Mr. President when are you going to start cleaning this mess of a country up? The celebrity apprentice is A perfect show.
.@FoxNewsSunday
#CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
@Nancy_Miracle:  I hope that in my lifetime I will see you deliver a State of the Union address. President Trump....i'm ready for it!!!
@linnie13: @greta @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us.
@ceovince: There's only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP #Champion
@TerriLeeD:  @daviddepuma: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 When is the announcement??? Let's go! ud83dudc4d
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Announce you're running already! We need you! #Trump2016  I agree, our country is dying!
@SisterTrue: @realDonaldTrump can't wait love this show, helps me realize so many things!
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!
@DrewPalmquist: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016!!
@maxine41823: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump always hear the truth from Donald gives honest opinion...always listen
Itu2019s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
@kencee11: We need you to run for POTUS. we need a REAL American, one with the same values that built this country.. GO TRUMP 2016 !
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses. n#Trump2016 
You can watch all the highlights of last nightu2019s record 14th season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC 
@realOllieTaylor: @realDonaldTrump no one would have watched the debates if Trump had not  been in them
@joelleangeli: @realDonaldTrump I'm patiently awaiting a big announcement... #Trump2016
@Tamster613: Who is watching @ApprenticeNBC with me? #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump
@OrionTrunk:  @terrellowens is going to go far because he's a media circus. @IanZiering will come close to winning, but Shawn can also.
@heavenlyitalian: @seanhannity @FoxNews time we had a businessman in the WH,who can bring back jobs to America and restore the middle class
@jewmoney5280: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo Rivera is the Gary Busey of this season of #CelebrityApprentice
@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor The only person in politics who shouldnu2019t have term limits is President Trump!  Cute!
@Valdizzlebitch: @realDonaldTrump my mother was right, you are amazing Thanks.
@03SLex: @realDonaldTrump is my role model on everything.ud83dude4c
@piersmorgan: Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history.
@salomey5: LOL RT @realDonaldTrump: @DEmeryTaylor: @realDonaldTrump The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!
@HenryTheZebra: @realDonaldTrump America needs you to start your 8-year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster.
Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it. - @SRQRepublicans speech
#TBT With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago. 
@Tom38Ts: @realDonaldTrump please run for president this country needs a real leader please
@VladimirRussia7  @realDonaldTrump You are the best #billionare and the great teacher!I love your inspiring books! Thanks and good luck.
@yankzpat: HEY! I got my photos autographed and shook @realDonaldTrump 's hand in Mason City. #June16th 
@rdpaga: @JebBush we were attacked on ur brothers watch. That's not safe. I have respect 4 GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq &amp; 911
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
@Chris_R_2014:  Donald Trump is the man to make this country great. Obama/administration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke!
Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will.
@WeLoveTheDonald: @realDonaldTrump What a BEAUTIFUL First Family you will be!
Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
@TimCooperTweets: How amazing is it that the #1 trending topic is @realDonaldTrump talking about the #DemDebate-more than the debate itself
@anjOapariciO: @MUniverso2015: Paulina Vega, Miss Universo junto a @realDonaldTrump 
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
@ShortCakesSheep: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait!!!
@MrdannyArthur: @Paul_Beiss @Lg4Lg @seanhannity  @SenJohnMcCain Phoenix VA, led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!
@LookerCherry: @realDonaldTrump The polls are for the news cycle. Trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust, don't doubt me
.@JuliInkster  Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.
@geoff_deweaver: Who`s the (social media) King of New York? - 
@phlygerl:  @RealityTVBliss @TEB2350 @KenyaMoore kinda??? C'mon! You KNOW Kenya is Gone With The Wind Fabulous! Twirl her back on CA!
.@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
@DrChimRickles: You looked very presidential last night on the telly @realDonaldTrump Thank you.
@shelbycockaxe: @realDonaldTrump Trump is our last chance to turn this country around #Trump2016
@Cherelynn: @realDonaldTrump @WeLoveTheDonald I would support you if you were going to get in the race  Thanks.
@HaleighBrick: @realDonaldTrump See you on the 16th! 
@catham11: @realDonaldTrump @mattgiese @KenyaMoore LOL I remember those episodes...priceless
@AnthonyJamesTV: @GeraldoRivera and @kevinjonas killed it! @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @nbc #CelebApprentice
@HL3tweets: McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle.
.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are u00a0a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
@myhealthcoach1: @NoahGrayCNN  Thank You Police Force for your efforts of Protecting Donald Trump We Love You For This, God Bless You!!!
@MattyJack33:  @TomLlamasABC So refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. Keep it up Trump!
@politico: Palin on 2016: I think it would come down to Cruz and Trump!  
@MamaGlove:  Please tell Cruz &amp; Rubio we are trying to return to the Constitution.No more usurpers #RunTrumpRun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@breadman28 @realDonaldTrump  make America great again. We're running out of time!
@Alaskan_Gypsy:  @FoxNews @seanhannity indicated he would support you if you ran. Let's see if he puts his money where his mouth is!
Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEAR'S EVE, just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
@princeolivier13: Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow! #trump2016 #DemDebate
@Live5News: Live from New York, Donald Trump will soon be hosting 'SNL': 
@rachelredl: Ahhhhhh really would do anything to be on The Apprentice @realDonaldTrump
@angeloftruth11: @realDonaldTrump great interview with @donlemon. Thank you.
@mitchellvii @thehill @slone Here's a crazy thought.  Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HE'S RIGHT?
@billsupdates: Why Buffalo Bills could be responsible for Donald Trump becoming president 
@ShalontaBowman: @realdonaldtrump You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you.
@constant4change: Trump tops Dem candidates on Google before Dem debate 
@JackiieG: Why isn't @realDonaldTrump president yet #2016 is your year
My interview on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
@Pjdahling: @mitchellvii the truth prevails when it is so obvious. @realDonaldTrump is a force that is unstoppable
People donu2019t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Presu2014the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks @NBC were GREAT!
@irwin171: #CelebApprentice just turned me into a @kevinjonas fan. Love the new season!! @realDonaldTrump
@MWypa18: @realDonaldTrump love Leeza, she's amazing tonight
@donhewitt3 @RonFromLasVegas People are very naive if they think only the Patriots do this. Had no effect on the game. Go to court
I find that @Reuters is a far more professional operation than @AP.
Trump Nears 100 days on Top via The Hill 
@AnitaMarkdjones: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews I wish you would , love to hear, you fired to them in Washington, D.C.
@mattygeorge: #CelebApprentice is back! 1st episode on now in Australia! Love the boardroom drama, so good raising $$ for charity
@missklamert:I HATE @realDonaldTrump ! But I have to watch this season of #TheApprentice because it has such an awesome cast. #TeamKenya !
@sunquist007: @JebBush Why do u keep trying to attack Trump? Really dumb strategy! U lose, he wins! #lets make America great again!!!!!
@mickelsenkyle: @TODAYshow could you make your interview with @realDonaldTrump any more biased or... #TrumpForPresident
@muhfuck: @BernieSanders Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC
@hitemhard_42: @realDonaldTrump is not a #politician. Perfect. Build back a great #America, Say what u mean &amp; Get it done. #RealBusinessMan
@angiekay500: @RealGilbert is my hero! Have never had so much fun watching #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump
@maldollaz: Best show on Television Celebrity Apprentice @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice
@tranerofmonstrs: @krauthammer He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of @Univision and @Macys #LETSDOTHISAMERICA
@DanielGenseric:  Another STRONG pro-American position with Dept of Veterans Affairs reform policy. #Trump2016 
Wow, @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
Watched chief negotiator for Iran on @charlierose last night. He is far smarter than our repsu2014increase sanctions and walk!
@petemsgt1787: @realDonaldTrump I get why you don't like Goldberg...self-righteous word smithy True, but with zero talent. @NRO
@kirkcameronfan: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Because they're AFRAID of you! #Trump2016 #American
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
@HargraveGlobal: I really hope @realDonaldTrump is running for president.
@KristaCantwell: @realDonaldTrump I'm so happy that @ApprenticeNBC is back! #CelebApprentice
@TinyPurpleFishs: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Oh yeah, and another thing, we NEED you to run! Save America before it's too late.
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! 
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win @NBC @9News #GOPDebate Poll. 
@hillarysusans: @tedageejr People don't like it when @realDonaldTrump is right. For whatever reason.
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
@johnmarzan: @RubenNavarrette Trump is right. Giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the GOP and turn dems into dominant party
Interview w/Melanie Batley via Newsmax 
@hdrenovate: @realDonaldTrump D.T. for president! !!
@shannlyman: @realDonaldTrump the trump courses in Scotland are the best in the world! Fantastic few days playing them! Thank you!
@Jack_P_Ivory: @realDonaldTrump is the only person alive who could clean up the mess Obama left us.  True!
@federicishane: The only reason I want some level of fame is so I can go on The Celebrity Apprentice. And so I wait. @realDonaldTrump
The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
@johnborntoride: @realDonaldTrump got my vote! Need a real leader n a business man! No more corrupt politicians
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
@TravyJ1: I wonder how it would be growing up with @realDonaldTrump as a father
Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!
@LittmannRaymond @realDonaldTrump He would be a GREAT PRESIDENT and we need him to represent and protect America's interests worldwide.
@themindofreyrey: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? ~@realDonaldTrump #Powerful #QuoteOfTheDay
@frankgaffney: Tomorrow @realDonaldTrump will be speaking at IA Natl Security Action Summit 1:30pm. Join us.#tcot 
Happy Birthday to my friend @garyplayer...
@DanteDMoney: @FoxNews  YES Donald right again...but they had Give'm Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum &amp; the nanny congress!
@SamRator:  I must b out of touch- @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump &amp; @ScottWalker r my top picks for @gop presidential pick! #TeaParty
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #Trump2016n
@littlevd23: @oreillyfactor DonaldTrump If Mr Trump runs and becomes the next President you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!
I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why Trump poll numbers are high.
Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state!
@paul1994loan  You would be the most straightforward Prez weve ever had. I dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!
@j_middleton7: @realDonaldTrump please get in the drivers seat of this country!
@mensamamma: @realDonaldTrump RUN DONALD,RUN!
@Retrogirl01: @AP Mr. Trump is right! BUILD THE WALL! @realDonaldTrump
@ColinSWood: 1) I will vote for you @realDonaldTrump
@FoxNews New Hampshire Poll: @realDonaldTrump 'Rules GOP Race in New Hampshire.' Trump 27, Rubio 13, Cruz 11, Bush 9, Carson 9, &amp; Kasich 7
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT 
@glfceo: The best #custserv in hospitality is at @realDonaldTrump 's @TrumpChicago hotel! Just super!
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!
@Foosball38: @realDonaldTrump we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Let's make America great again! VOTE TRUMP 2016
My @TheBrodyFile int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom 
@jp_sitles: @realDonaldTrump HillaryClinton: she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists , terrorists. #OhMe
@scorpio5053: @nowandthan @RealMarkCole @realDonaldTrump The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers
@JakeKrippner: u201c@realDonaldTrump: So, who should win, who is your favorite?u201d @ShawnJohnson
@wainainanjenga: @realDonaldTrump @Jackshallis the best president for America ever.
@Nay_2xTimes: Great interview on #NewDay @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@MlSSTHOT: @realDonaldTrump: Ignore the losers and the haters, you are  going to make this country great again
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
@pam_rugani: My hubby just spent a couple days here for a conference. He said it was incredible! Here's his pic! 
@CardeCornish @realdonaldtrump thank you for your amazing leadership and inspirational talk in this Valentine's Day 
@The_Truth_Sir: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!
@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump Make the announcement June 14th !
.@megynkelly used this poll (nobody else did) when I was downu2014wonder if sheu2019ll use it now that Iu2019m up? 
@JimmyGould07: Only one man has the appeal, nerve, commitment, ideas, &amp; motivation. He's the icon, business tycoon, and lovable DonaldTrump
@traceclmbs82:  @FoxNews Pampered @GeorgeWill who never had a real job has no problem w/USA losin jobs 2 foreign countries @FoxNewsSunday
@BAM4AU @CNN @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC keep punching, Donald!  Trump it!!  Trump is telling the truth!
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan
@freebird_Pepper: @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions!
What people donu2019t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
@yanicsimard:  @realDonaldTrump &amp; @TrumpToronto for the retweet, love your properties and looking forward to your Washington DC new hotel
@myGianLuca:  @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Say it LOUD &amp; PROUD @realDonaldTrump! *** ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION *** Is an Attack on Our Country!
@belllabooo13:  @AplemonLemon @foxandfriends glad your having a great start to your week! Keep it going! Run for President! We need You!
Looking forward to speaking at the @NHGOP #FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Letu2019s Make America Great Again!
Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@christianlasval: What's happening to us is not a question of tough,it's a question of smart. Hurry and run already, we need to get smart
@Pretty_Nikki21: @realDonaldTrump is trying to set @KenyaMoore up putting her in loser seats #CelebApprentice
@saves_umoney: @IvankaTrump @SandraSmithFox @TrumpFerryPoint @FoxBusiness   Great interview Sandra. Ivanka kicks butt and takes names
@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrumpu00a0 You will Save this country. No one can beat the stupdity bettor then you. YOU ARE THE MAN! #2016
Who do you want negotiating for us? 
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
@jorgey1_1985: @realDonaldTrump if you don't run then HilaryClinton Will WIN and become president, no good candidates on republicans side
@11phenomenon: Despite the hype, @realDonaldTrump wins the debate by a wide margin. 
Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.
@DrueBuono: @realDonaldTrump Just saw you on Greta, hope your not just teasing us about running! Go for it  You'll see!
@DuttyVal202: u201c@realDonaldTrump: It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!u201d
@gmar916: #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump Nice to have this footage of Joan.
A great article by @NolteNCnspelling out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border &amp; illegals. Thank you @BreitbartNews 
@VeneziaMatthew: Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!
#TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum! 
.@joycefinance #asktrump 
Fallout from Iowa: Trump Speech Drew Greatest Response 
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
@BJKizer74:DonaldTrump Why do we keep putting the same people on the Republican ticket for POTUS? Romney? Bush? Cruz? Paul? #YourTimeIsNow
@Tamaralynn212: @RWSurferGirl  @realDonaldTrump The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled, he's the man for the job. I'd love to see him Prez.
A great day in both Spencer &amp; Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics 
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to VOTE IN 2016! 
@Gman0623: @realDonaldTrump @HaloOneForTrump @FoxNews @CNN @GOP I love you Trump! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@rogerhartford8: @realDonaldTrump hope you win it all . Time for a change !!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
I will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate &amp; more. 
Signing my tax return.... 
Via @thehill by @timdevaney: Donald Trump: GOP nominee u2018canu2019t be Mitt, canu2019t be Bush' 
@ihatematt: @realDonaldTrump why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.  Good question!
@ohheyyhbayyy: One could only hope that @realDonaldTrump will run for president. Had enough of Obama's poor choices in office.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp; is self-funding.
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook NY today- 
@WETHEPEOPLE65: @realDonaldTrump @BigStick2013 @TIMENOUT @CNN @donlemon GO TRUMP, OUR GUY
Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C.: The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the world's great hotels. 
@Trainor_Chris: @realDonaldTrump behind you Mr Trump. She's a Nightmare
I look forward to attending &amp; speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expou2014total sellout crowd 
@amyketterer: @BrandiGlanville so sweet asking @realDonaldTrump to give the US Coast Guard money too!!
@AP_Politics: Campaigning in New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton says the US economy has 'stalled out.' 
@OgreUasshole:  @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons I feel robbed out of 3 hours of CA with these 4 straight firings
@jaazee1: @RealDonaldTrump My family was so damn excited when you seemed serious about the Presidency. in pastu2026 
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
Rush Limbaugh: Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration 
Bush is pretending that the Trump surge is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush delight - con job, a Bush nightmare!
@mia_liner: @GSRPygmies  @realDonaldTrump Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth, only Trump can fix this mess we are in
@MrGamecock1: @sjketchen @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere Well I would not take offense but find out what needs to be improved. EVERYTHING!
@Clint_Goodrich: They used to call Barry Diller the father of e-commerce-what a joke that was - and that he is. 100%clueless on Internet
@tborio: @RealityTVBliss @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump she truly is &amp; well spoken &amp; gracious.
Thank you! 
.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
Big announcement coming soon regarding South Carolinau2026
By @kwrcrow: u201cNY Post caught 'LYING' Again!u201d 
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough
@ABCinSC: @realDonaldTrump - a tough man for a tough job in tough times. Gloves off, game on! 
@_GOLD4MONEY: @ThePatriot143  @realDonaldTrump Trump is as Honest as they come. He wants a border and doesn't hide it. #Trumpforpresident
Via @THESHARKTANK1: Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate 
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!
@nathanmporter @TrumpToronto @realDonaldTrump Congrats!! That is an amazing accomplishment!! Well deserved... #Toronto
@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Good Evening Mr President! @realDonaldTrump
Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S.
@JordanPolitics: Could it be @HillaryClinton v @realDonaldTrump for POTUS? #Hillary2016 #Trump2016
Now that Mitt is gone, all we have to do is get Bush to drop out and Trump to runu2014and we will win!
Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Thanks.  
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!
So, since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
@YankeeRunnerLV:Please Please Please give STRONG AND SERIOUS consideration running in 2016 and saving this country. U have my vote #Trump16
@jtruelove713: If @realDonaldTrump runs for President I will VOTE for the First time ever. Until then...........
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
u201cTrump signs lease for a NH office, returns Mondayu201d 
@diannrr: @megynkelly Do you dream about @realDonaldTrump? He's in your head. Let it go. She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show.
@CraigHume Off to @ayrracecourse tonight for the @AyrshireChamber dinner. Looking forward to seeing @realDonaldTrump &amp; hearing his speech!
Thanks @JamersonHayes, they are all total losers with nothing going for them!
'Good Chance' Trump Will Run for President 
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.n -- Jack Nicklaus
@jcthecook: @realDonaldTrump @MissUniverse hopefully europe will finally have a winner it's only been since 1990.
For those that donu2019t think a wall (fence) works, why donu2019t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
@PatriotByGod: @GSamUSA1 @Carolde @realDonaldTrump Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump  I love the VETS.
.@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
@xoamxo_13: u201c@realDonaldTrump: Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.u201d Readyud83dudcfa
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland. 
@NicoleAMarin: Mondays are about to become my favourite night of the week! #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump
@hillarysusans: @daveyhubb DonaldTrump @GOP He's very easy to relate to in person. If he takes the grass roots route, he has a great chance
@I_Dont_Know_Her: @realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win Thanks.
@BellaNYCMag: u201cYou have to think anyway, so why not think big?u201d @realdonaldtrump inside the pages of our #Springu2026 
@BobD746847: There shouldn't be a problem with this election. WE THE PEOPLE finally have someone that speaks on OUR behalf. TRUMP-2016
@funtravel777: @RoniSeale @usplaymoney  @marcorubio Donald Trump can't be bought, bullied, or intimidated. He is a strong leader.
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
@tarheels31: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews outside of the apprentice, hardly anyone watches the obama network... aka @nbc
@tltiger26: @EricTrump @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump It was very touching to see her! Miss her dearly
@luvda24man: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump plz plz run our country has gone to hell..we need a smart business icon no more political liars!
@Villesportslaw: @TMobile - Been all over KY today. Never more than 1 mile from major interstates. 13 dropped calls. DonaldTrump was right.
@PamelaDunfee: @BillRancic @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I can't wait to watch The New APPRENTICE NBC @ 9:00 pm tonight.
Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
@shawnlivinlife: I still haven't heard the WH say the words islamic terrorist. Call it what it is. #Trump2016 can't happen fast enough.
@LarrySchweikart: @peddoc63 @RickCanton @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marco's head
u201cNo government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.u201d u2013 Ronald Reagan
@kingjersey1 @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain they can't stand that you are speaking for the American people
@KenyaMoore:I don't know what's more intimidating going in the boardroom with DonaldTrump or being judged by @IvankaTrump and @Donald Jr
.@AP has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @JeffHorwitz wouldnu2019t know the truth if it hit him in the face.
@TheBrodyFile: Always great to visit with  @TheBrodyFile one-on-one with The Donald in Des Moines this afternoon 
@TheConnieMoore: @realDonaldTrump see u Sat in GA !!  Great!
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! 
@j_maziarz: @realDonaldTrump @kevinjonas should've made it fartherud83dude22ud83dude22 He is terrific!
My @FoxBusiness int. w/Don Imus on not drinking alcohol, politicians being all talk and no action &amp; the border 
Thanks.  
@vilmawolfe03 @realDonaldTrump @davevin73 #you get my #VOTE for President of the Unites States of America! ud83cudffb
@WWlood13: @realDonaldTrump for president!! Run and you got my vote.
A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our countryu2019s core. We must build a wall! 
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
@RockyRoad_: Nothing like hearing @realDonaldTrump say YOU'RE FIRED twice in one night! Tomorrow Night 8/7 CST!ud83dudc4aud83dude1c #CelebApprentice
Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking,  each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore.
@foxnation: #DonaldTrump Gives SNL Its Biggest Ratings In Years 
@HouseCracka: Donald Trump is going to win the Presidency. Get on board the #TrumpTrain its going to be #YUGE  Thanks.
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
@jdwarren12: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sir  Thank you.
@DaveCC1109: @realDonaldTrump Mitt Romney didn't even know HE was running for POTUS.  So true!
@twojjrs: u201c@realDonaldTrump: @JuliaKoinis: @realDonaldTrump tellin it how it is on letterman, love ya Donaldu201d He Should be #President
@jimlibertarian @ronsirak @GolfChannel Donald our forefathers would be proud of you, you are displaying A love of country like Reagan did
@lordmackie1: @realDonaldTrump just caught up on the celeb apprentice AND IM HOOKED. GERLADO IS A MANIAC AND I LOVE IT AND YOU
@Kacee50: @realDonaldTrump We can't take 8 years of Hilary or 8 years of establishment GOP!!! We need Trump!!
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd, who has failed so badly with Meet the Press, will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!
@Thutchy5 @realDonaldTrump Politicians talk the talk, but this man walks the walk. #Trump2016
@ghostofnicky: @OutFrontCNN @CNN @realDonaldTrump Donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!!
@CandidlyNic: @BrandiGlanville You were awesome! Love your loyalty to team members like Keisha. &lt;3 You!! @KathySimovski @realDonaldTrump
@absabella  Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! That's why he will be our next President!! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
@StoneBreakerII: I would most definitely vote for Trump for president!! He would be a real leader unlike what we have now @oreillyfactor
@JohnFulthorpe: America needs @realDonaldTrump He is the only one who can save us from the Leftie, Liberal Fascists. #VoteTrump
Via @DMRegister by @WilliamPetroski: Trump: I can make America great again 
.@KatyTurNBC &amp; @DebSopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you @GatewayPundit for reporting the truth. #Trump2016
MUST READ @IBDeditorials: u201cPresident Obama's Amnesty At Any Priceu201d 
Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people don't think I'm running!
@kerri59: @realDonaldTrump @ZGreekDWstyle please. For real this time. We need you. Do not worry.
@WMikeWood: @cnn Trump Shuts down Cuomo. I am not getting out. I am going to win. Cuomo tries sleazy tricks . Epic Fail. Unprofessional.
I told you so-@politico just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!
@tonyarolandtr: @Youxia88 @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @Macys The American ppl are taking a stand! We are fighting back!!!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
@TheWhiteHatter: Thanks to @TODAYshow for giving great attention to the Town of Atkinson at #TrumpTODAY w/  
@USATODAY: Donald Trump lifted #SNL to its best ratings since 2012.  
@Mario_Posillico: @realDonaldTrump you need to win for not just America, but for humanity.
@danielprofit: @jskrepak @RealJamesWoods @realDonaldTrump You really think we will have another elected President Before Obama starts WW3
@Ashtonmartintmt: I stayed up to 4 am last night reading a @realDonaldTrump book !!  Great!
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
u201cDonald Trump 2016: 7 Political Stances of GOP Presidential Hopefulu201d 
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!n#LEO #LESM #Trump2016 
@LauraMontaguxox: @realDonaldTrump You would be a good president! Your a great businessman and care about our country! Thanks.
@voxdotcom: Trump has figured out Jeb Bush's greatest weakness as a candidate, and it's not his energy level 
@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The BEST President in the history of the United States DONALD J TRUMP
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016 
@sacquisto23: .@realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@Lord_Sugar How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific!
@loribuckmajor: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville is as real as they come. Love her #CelebApprentice
@about_life: @realDonaldTrump I Luv America 4 Trump 2016 - Letu2019s Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com
@nilsson_markus: @realDonaldTrump for president , everybody knows it's the best thing for the country #gotrump@PICA_59
@mark_esque: @bobby2700 @realDonaldTrump Good point. We just really need your help Donald!
@NicoleAMarin: I can't wait to watch this season of #CelebrityApprentice  @DonaldJTrumpJr I can't wait to watch @BrandiGlanville dominate!
@dennis_goins: @realDonaldTrump What are you waiting for? Run! The country needs you! It's now or never! We need leadership!
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!
@truthinvest: @ChrisChristie @HillaryClinton good job for Christie last night.Maybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after @realDonaldTrump
@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump You want them here legally and they want to be here legally!
@jan102345678: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!
@realkingrobbo:  @hotroddergirl You're the hero America needs! #Trump2016  Thank you, I only want to make America great again!
@Slider6294: @realDonaldTrump @NRO @JonahNRO It has cratered since WFB passed away. So true, WFB is spinning in his grave! Jonah killed it
@BradHeat: @realDonaldTrump is the entrepreneur that all entrepreneurs look up to. Keep the inspiration up. Thank you.
@realNevaDie: This suggests that online polls are more reliable so Trump is crushing both parties. @realDonaldTrump
@JoshuaDummer: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President.
@GaryGaryt52: @DanScavino @JudiLoera @realDonaldTrump WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CAN'T WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP
Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
@mrkblds: @northwesternsig @DonaldJTrumpJr   Sig's just layin in the cut, sizin em up, &amp; lettin his pots soak! All bizz! GOOOO HAWKS!!
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@PhyllisA: @Hopeisalive66 @jdanielmoore @theblaze @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump that's ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!
@SouthCentralTim: It's only 6am and @realDonaldTrump is already putting people in their places via Twitter! Trump for president 2016!!!
@bluebirdiefly3: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for you. I always felt you should run.
@DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump #Raleigh, #NorthCarolina! #Trump2016 
Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from @TripAdvisor 
@Madie_with1D: Geraldo is a princess. Please get over yourself @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016 
@politicalwire:u201cBush has no money, heu2019s meeting today with mommy and daddy, and theyu2019re working on his campaign. 
.@JebBush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except jobs @realDonaldTrump.
@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump IF anyone in the GOP field was SINCERE they would ENDORSE DONALD J TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Via @BreitbartNews TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT- 
A huge honor for @TrumpToronto for being named #1 Luxury Hotel in Canada by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards 
@carsonbonner @realDonaldTrump A businessman that understands the world's business/politics. #Trump2016
Congratulations @TrumpNewYork for being named in @CNTraveleru2019s Top 10 US Hotels for Business Travelers! 
@BoaterzLetterz: @IGotAngelEyes @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @JoanRivers There will never be anyone as #Funny I Bet
@chrispalmer: @realDonaldTrump Trump is up late...preparing his campaign for president, I hope
My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!
@ManahawkinMikey: @realDonaldTrump @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN At least @megynkelly came to her senses #asksean 
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: 
@italy2320:  @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again
@angiecallahan4: @realDonaldTrump We need to PRAY to God for this to happen. God please make America great again. Amen!
@TheProdigy3D: Everyone vote for @realDonaldTrump and no he did not pay me for this endorsement.
@Diplomt: @realDonaldTrump is in a greater position w/ 52% to 12% @Drudge_Report even after @MegynKelly &amp; @BretBaier tried to take him out.
Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
@jenlynette: @realDonaldTrump @lordmackie1 great show this season #CelebrityApprentice
@HarperArchitect: @realDonaldTrump good talk watched on c-span, intelligence.  Thanks.
.@MittRomney is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've wonu2014he choked!
@WILDMANBS It says a lot about @NBC when they fire @realDonaldTrump but keep Brian Williams and @TheRevAl on the payroll. #tcot
Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!
@gamecockandrew: @realDonaldTrump thanks for coming to South Carolina tomarrow  My great honor!
Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing- 
Thanks. 
@duncanebradbury: @realDonaldTrump @pmadden86 Cool photo but I want to see Trump glistening from inside the White House!
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
@vinceconley: @realDonaldTrump woohoo! The United States of America President Trump! I like the sound of that! #Trump2016
#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy! 
@RealTerryPatton: @realDonaldTrump @JenCromartie Do it Mr. Trump, we are screwed if you don't.  I agree!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no u201citu201d factor. Will fade fast.
u201cGod's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.u201d - @Franklin_Graham
@mumlvs2run: @Kateplusmy8 You look fab! They were so lucky to have you in the kitchen ud83dude09 @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Go Kate Go!
.@realbobmassi, who does a show called Bob Massi Is The Property Man on @FoxNews, really knows his stuff--a total pro!
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
@kjfinks2champ: I like Trump Tower #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump
@Variety: Ratings: DonaldTrump lifted #SNL to a near four-year high. 
@Trekwolf164: @wbtonyturner @RadioFreeTom @realDonaldTrump no magic just cut off USA aid money to Mex until cost is recovered.Simple really
@StephPhipps9733: #CelebApprentice #CelbrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump Loved your choice for winner this season! Awesome job! Xoxo!
It's driving @ariannahuff &amp; the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
@RhatPatriot: @FoxBusiness @realDonaldTrump   Why not post the other polls where Trump has 40 percent and Carson is in the teens? Strange?
I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
@jimlibertarian:  @realDonaldTrump is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS
@AshbyNeil: @realDonaldTrump for president
True. 
@MarkAGiarrusso: @realDonaldTrump Go get 'em Donald.
@Keeganbcall: @realDonaldTrump I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that.
@Eugene_Scott: I want people to come into the country. Let it be legal, @RealDonaldTrump 
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. 
I will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30 
@bkrafttt: My only goal in life is to be a successful man, much like @realDonaldTrump
Almost universal support that Trump won the debate. Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!
@mensamamma:  Yes, My simple campaign slogan,which embodies your supporters' feelings RUN DONALD,RUN! Please Run Mr. Trump!!!!
I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
.@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. weakness.
@LooneyTunes002: I am tired of @realDonaldTrump thinking about it- just do it. The country is a mess. Politicians will only make it worse.
@mbabramson: @realDonaldTrump Why are you the only candidate who discusses US trade imbalances with other countries? It's important!
Viau00a0@Newsmax_Media:u00a0Trump: I'd Be Better 'Meet the Press' Host Than 'Moron' Chuck Todd 
@paulfincher2 Keep the faith. Elect @realDonaldTrump and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals.
u201cTone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volumeu201d 
@derekcarlson: DonaldTrump turned a $1 Million loan into $10 Billion. That's like you turning a $1,000 loan into $10 Million. CouldYouDoIt?
Thank you @BrentBozell --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time 
@WSGbeme: @realDonaldTrump I'm with these great people Mr Trump. Please run for President. We need a completely new direction. #Trump2016
Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
@MikeandDawnNY: @seanmdav Dipshit @JohnJHarwood lied debate always being set for 2 hours If not 4 @realDonaldTrump calling @cnbc out.
My @greta int. on @FoxNews with @MELANIATRUMP at OPO discussing my potential candidacy &amp; making America great again 
June 16th- 
@yurdreamwoman: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump would be great to have Obama on his show so the Don can fire his arsss
@PAW1015: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, please run. You'd take them all to the cleaners in the debates and get the 270
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: DONALD TRUMP: MSM INVESTIGATION INTO SCOTT WALKERu2019S COLLEGE A u2018DOUBLE STANDARDu2019n
@JudgeMoroz: Republicans in Congress can learn a lot from @realDonaldTrump on dealing with Obama! They should read #CrippledAmerica!
@CaudillAsh: @realDonaldTrump hurry up and announce that you're running already! ud83dude4cud83cuddfaud83cuddf8u2714ufe0f #2016
.@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you!
.@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
@tmh813: @realDonaldTrump prove that you actually control this account, and I will tell everyone I know about the show #takeaselfie
Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!
Thanks to @SteveKingIA for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit &amp; congrats to @David_Bossie &amp; @Citizens_United on a great success!
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, @RandPaul, didn't get the right gene.
Discussing #SyrianRefugees with @EricBolling on @FoxNews back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS 
@nancynaigle: RT @realDonaldTrump: @jhspraggins: @realDonaldTrump please fire @GeraldoRivera soon! ...
@jackgulas: @realDonaldTrump @fitsnews agree with Mr. Trump for @GOP nominee to win in 2016. Can't be Mitt. Bold conservative needed.
u201cOur runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.u201d - Phyllis Schlafly
@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump my hero and America's hero! Thank you.
#TrumpAdvice 
@LRoybal12: u201c@realDonaldTrump: u201cTrump: 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bidu201d 
@Cj112Connie I don't get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes
With @C_Soules from #TheBachelor in Iowa- 
@DavidThomasNo1: Tune in for some late night viewing of @realDonaldTrump on celebrity apprentice USA @BBCOne tonight
@Roy_Propsner: @realDonaldTrump ...Don't give up, don't surrender your 3rd party OPTION
@Jwundy: I admire how @kevinjonas is holding himself in the boardroom #TeamKevin @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump
The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends What a way to start my week! Love it!
See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!
Thank you. 
@PICA_59: #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump
@aviv1818: Trumpachusetts: Donald Trump Tops Poll of Bay State Voters: 
@AndrewWilkie85: @realDonaldTrump @smxtty_ I think that you would be as good as Reagan. Please run!!!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@DoomsdayFAN  @realDonaldTrump Will make America as successful as his empire! WE NEED TRUMP!
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!
@JJ55334767 @realDonaldTrump Please save America! The country has over $18 trillion in debt!  
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016 
@JxCookie96 @realDonaldTrump I really appreciate your tips. Just started a business, going for gold. Thank you.  Great--good luck!
@tegodreaux: @realDonaldTrump @EricShawnonFox HUUUUUGE
@DebraJosephine: @MsVivicaFox is perfect for the commercial awesome! @CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump
#GOPDebate #Trump2016n
@LooneyTunes002: Politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. They are all talk. #SimpleTruth #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@ComatoseJeb: I will follow @realDonaldTrump all the way to #victory #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@RayPlaca: @realDonaldTrump watching you now. Great tv
@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump -Trump the players in this presidential race..... #trump2016
@RenaSummersLtd: Watched @ABCNetwork special tonight! You have such amazing children. Lots to be proud of! Love your wife! Class Act!
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! #Trump2016 
Pollster Trend nNational GOP Averagen223 national polls &amp; 33 pollsters.n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@HerschelWalker, thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Looking forward to next weeku2019s unveiling of the Red Tiger @TrumpDoral. An 18 hole masterpiece w/two island greens 
@TickerCandy: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Ah yes, so many people I know are cancelling their Macy credit cards. #YouJustGotTrumped Great.
@WildcatThad @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump I disagree only because Trump in Vegas was amazing! @TrumpLasVegas
@AlleyKat2: @realDonaldTrump doesn't need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man  So true.
@ObfuscateClear: Wow,  imagine what he'll do as President. Thanks @realDonaldTrump 
@RTMatador Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying, I agree with him on the immigration situation, i love honesty
@RobinFoxNews: @DanaPerino @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump. The only REAL CAPITALIST you can honestly vote for.
@omoadesokan: What matters is where you want to go. Focus in the right direction! -- Donald @realDonaldTrump #_WojuBeforeYouVote
@JollyGoodman181: Vote Trump for President 2016 Americans last hope Donald Trump... Let's take OUR country back. Vote for the Don 2016
@GZervs: @realDonaldTrump is Americas only chance. He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@markraymond: @realDonaldTrump You're the only person who could lead America and move our country forward!
@ajodom60: @FoxNews and as far as that low-info voter base goes, I have an IQ of 132. So much for that theory. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@Staton_Flurry: Looking forward to hearing @realDonaldTrump speak Saturday night in Iowa. See you there - record breaking crowd!
Entrepreneurs: Knowledge requires patience, action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner .
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
Via @bpolitics by @emtitus: u201dDefying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Officialu201d 
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@HuffPostEnt: Donald Trump to host Saturday Night Live 
@TIMENOUT: @realDonaldTrump Book in hand waiting for The Next President 
With @greta in Washington, D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST! 
@TomMcPeek   More people r gravitating to @realDonaldTrump because they're tired of all the usual BS
Donald Trump ready to end @ApprenticeNBC for White House run 
@ConConBonBon7: @realDonaldTrump favorite fails is MY favorite! #CelebrityApprentice #Trump2016
u201cThere can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.u201d u2013 The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.n -- Henry Ford
@rjispy:  @GOP @TeaPartyExpress @FoxNews @TeaPartyOrg -Other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires, Trump does not have to.
@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump you are always many steps ahead of the game! Thank you.
The @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
@PatricijaBelous: This man is our everyting!!! @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral 
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump great posts. As a budding entrepreneur, I appreciate the quotes  Great--work hard and good luck!
@dragonian3333:  @DanScavino @seanhannity CRUZ doesn't do anything about ILLEGALS and REFUGEES invading Texas. 
@Kakatshozi: Ivanka Trump would be the cutest first daughter in US history if DonaldTrump became president! Elegant,classy and adorable.
@jwpicciotto: @MarkHalperin @RealDonaldTrump pretty shotty math A- + C- = A-   Very dishonest reporting by Halperin. He knows - total scam!
@GlendaKParks: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville NOT @KenyaMoore! She does nothing but run her mouth!
Thank you. 
Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
@agtradertalk: Going to go see @realDonaldTrump at the @LandExpo tomorrow, last year it was @TBoonePickems Totally sold out, great.
.@andersoncooper  Andersonu2014Thank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
.@ForbesInspector 5 Star &amp; @TripAdvisor #1 Luxury Hotel @TrumpToronto offers style, luxury &amp; impeccable service 
@Vinnie_109: @WalkerLaflin @katie_0303 we need @realDonaldTrump to run and we would be good
Via @mrctv by Ben Graham: Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim 
@pdk73: @realDonaldTrump I have said for a long time we need a businessman in the White House
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they love each other.They don't - word is hate!
@TheRealCamSand: It would be to cool if @realDonaldTrump was the president. Thanks!
@melchaz23: @realDonaldTrump you are so genuine with Joan always highlighting what an amazing woman she was.
Thank you! #GOPDebate nMakeAmericaGreatAgain n
@FreeStateYank: The only way anybody's gonna beat Trump is being better than he is.~@rushlimbaugh on @realDonaldTrump.
@CDNRationale: @realDonaldTrump @Newsmax_Media @dpatten32 Time for Trump to take charge of the greatest brand in the world, the USA!
@KhanyisaniDlomo: Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war - Donald Trump.
.@Franklin_Graham:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
@MattLytle: @realDonaldTrump So a new Celebrity Apprentice Sunday and Monday night?  YES.
The @MissUniverse contestants review their amazing stay at @TrumpDoral- 
Thanks. 
@AuctioneerJared: @realDonaldTrump the @LandExpo has kicked off! We'll see you tomorrow! 
@wakeupfla: Please stand up for American Hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying USA! 
@cjwthefishermen: @realDonaldTrump I will.
Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
@yang_karl: All Scott Pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be Trump.
@RippethAmy: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends that's what a president of United States should sound like. #TrumpForPresident
@WWDBLane: @realDonaldTrump Nice try Jeb, my wife agrees with Trump over Megyn.
@JimClarkFarrier: @Rockprincess818 @LeahR77 @realDonaldTrump is the only one who can get us out of this mess!  True!
@marcoinjersey: I think America had enough of the faking and is ready for someone REAL just look at @realdonaldtrump.
@FranMFarber:  @Morning_Joe @FoxNews @morningmika did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. Typical liberal! True!
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
@YanksMayor: @JohnnyDamon IS @ApprenticeNBC so @realDonaldTrump PLEASE don't fire him! @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump #DamonKnowsWinning
@FEDEnergy: @NRA @nranews Support the NRA more then ever, @nationalrifle needs to back @realDonaldTrump who wants to protect 2nd amendment!
@Reedgs119: @realdonaldtrump @cleopattrausa Donald you are the next Ronald Reagan. Make America great again. Thank you.
@Christ_Step: @realDonaldTrump 2016 better be the year, first year I'll be able to vote and we need a money mastermind like you in office.
@MidOhioMilitia: I haven't missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #IBelieve
Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
.@GovernorSununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% 
@WSJPolitics: Donald Trump's poll numbers would qualify him for a GOP debate, but Carly Fiorina and Lindsey Graham would be out.
u201c@jacknicklaus elated at official grand opening of @TrumpFerryPointu201dn  
@ugakasie: u201c@greta: .@realDonaldTrump: I am sorry but @MittRomney choked - he doesn't get a second chance @GOP @FoxNewsu201d Amen!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root. 
Via @Ammoland by Fredy Riehl: u201cDonald Trump Talks: Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones &amp; Self Defenseu201d 
@TRUMPHIANT2016: This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed.  #TeamTrump
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- 
@CNN: .@realDonaldTrump will be live-tweeting the #DemDebate 
@jbclemson: @realDonaldTrump @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Bombed is an understatement. Pathetic attempt by #GOP. Rove embarrassed himself
@blakefish10: How does everyone not like watching @realDonaldTrump show #CelebApprentice
@TrumpFerryPoint: Two great families come together to create a masterpiece. #GrandOpening DonaldTrump @jacknicklaus 
@thembazoko1: @realDonaldTrump: get Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines yesterday at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
.@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast!
@kenbu1: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Please run for President @realDonaldTrump
At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx @TrumpFerryPoint offers  fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline  
LIVE on #Periscope 
Remember, tonight's 8 ou2019clock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best everu2014you will see nothing like it on tv. @ApprenticeNBC
@MyNamesJae: I love @realDonaldTrump. He cracks me up. #CelebApprentice
@NPHBalanced: @realDonaldTrump has DEPTH, stammina, Man of the World, briliant negotiater, &amp; NOT BEING POLITITIAN he has POWER.
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump they hate you cuz they ain't you #trump2016
.@kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in, he would not have been fired.
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: u201cEXCLUSIVE u2014 DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPACu201d 
@OUTOF_3_9_0: u2022u2022 You got the the largest rating in HISTORY .. That should say all needed about you to @FoxNews! 
@marilouztweets: @realDonaldTrump thank you for being so gracious. Beautiful hotel. #Doral 
@Doctor_Platek: Come June/July, @realDonaldTrump will take the first step in the process of making America great again! #Trump2016
@HMaewest:  Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: 
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
.@AP continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancyu2014ainu2019t working!
I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.   
I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
Beautiful, thank you. 
@alarae37 @realDonaldTrump keep speaking truth!! There are many of us who want America great again! Thank you!
@sammybo73392412 @AaronMcAllorum @realDonaldTrump I passed by yesterday while driving down the Whitestone bridge. What a beautiful sight
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday
@SkyeShepard: Trump went way up in my 'poll' when he said he'd take money from what US is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security
Why wouldn't the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! @GolfDigest  @GolfweekMag @GolfChannel @ESPNGolf
@1SimranjitSingh: I am a student myself. I cannot believe that Obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. Trump for President!
@RobRucker: The greatest social program is a job -Donald Trump
@MCLAUGHLlN: @realDonaldTrump i plan on voting for you in 2016. We need economic success in this country I know you can provide
@WingsUnchained:  @RealDonaldTrump is not a professional liar like politicians. I was watching Cruz, but Donald also has my attention now.
@BretBaier: Don't miss the 2nd half of my interview with @realDonaldTrump over on the blog: 
@cdiprima69: Incredible season of the Celebrity Apprentice. Favorite show! The $$ you raise for charities is amazing. #inspirational
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable --  but don't take things personally. That's good business.
@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends listening...good interview!
@SarahSS555: @realDonaldTrump is my idol... #CelebApprentice Thanks.
Via @bpolitics by @BetBrod u201cTrump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted he's serious about running for POTUS. 
Great! 
@spooh_news: @realDonaldTrump if you decide to run, I volunteer to run your Southwest VA campaign
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Floridan  
@mortimerzilch: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 we don't know if Hil will get the Dem nomination. But Donald gives me hope.
Via @Newsmax_Media: 14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running u2014 and Doing Well 
Via @SaintPetersblog by @MitchEPerry: u201cShock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% u2026 in Floridau201d 
@Jwundy: The iconic You're fired is coming @realDonaldTrump can't wait.
@Bettylovesdogs: @realDonaldTrump I work Sunday evenings will celebrity apprentice be replayed? Watch tomorrow night at 9:00 then Mon. at 8
Thank you @Morning_Joe &amp; @morningmika -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@bobby990r_1: @MediaBiasAlert  @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump is fighting for middle class and veterans! Discussing trade deals.
@jimcureton: @realDonaldTrump first 3 episodes great! Looking forward to rest of season.
.@PatrickBuchanan was great on @TeamCavuto @FoxNews. Thank you Pat! #Tump2016
@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump You always make Monday's better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!! Thanks.
@SportsTalkCSN: TONIGHT at 10 on CSN:@CHICKatCSN + @BmitchliveCSN talk with T to discuss his new project in Virginia 
@JCippy: @realDonaldTrump for our next President !!
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
@johncook4189: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor 
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
@JamieLee2B: @realDonaldTrump so nice to see One last look at Ms. Joan Rivers on #CelebrityApprentice
I will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
@wisdomsquote: u201cSheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.u201d u2013 Donald Trump
@DefendingtheUSA: GREAT Video. Which of these 4 Polls is Suspect? Kudos to @OANN  
@nytimes: If youu2019re a betting man, itu2019s time to start believing Donald Trump 
@OscarBagPledge: Congrats @LeezaGibbons @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump for donating millions to various charities! #MakingADifference
@RonNussbeck: @Maxinerunner I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits &amp; take them from disabled Vets
@RutNastiti: Meet your #1 fan from Waverly, IA: Shay Doyle.He looks up to you &amp; hopes to be the next Trump 
@BillDaley1: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Sour grapes graham. Dont blame Trump because you cant interest voters.
@justinraay: @realDonaldTrump @RealPro4Real @TrumpGolfLA. Awesome!
@SoyerJanis:  @realDonaldTrump  @boris3324 Don't be so insecure because you KNOW @HillaryClinton will lose against Trump
Great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN
@gcolangelo68: @realDonaldTrump its unbelievable lately poor Atlantic City True, very sad, but I left years ago.
@Shella_Bella:  @ConnieHegel MY GOD! WHY can't the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!
@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Hello Mr President! I'm a big fan of your work mate and the show @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice
@RubenMMoreno: @realDonaldTrump The biggest loser in the debate was @megynkelly. You can't out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!
@siddiquehash @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer I Agree Donald!
Fact u2013 while Jeb was governor &amp; Rubio was House Majority Leader, Floridau2019s debt more than doubled. Conservatives?
@meltsch: @realDonaldTrump Good make a decision, are you running or not , we want you , but only you know if you want us . Watch.
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
@aldeguer_elsa:  @American1st @ofccadjust @AnnCoulter @JebBush HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN #Trump 
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to u201cattacku201d Trump. Remember when u see them
@grizzlybear9062: DonaldTrump @L3nny85 Please run Mr.Trump the U.S . been going downhill since 9/11 we can be great again please be 100% in
@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA The Elephants in Zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the National Forest.
@97Musick: @realDonaldTrump Voters LIKE tough and smart... that's why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!
@VTDiva01: So much respect for Vivica Fox right now WOW! That was by far the classiest move I've ever seen on #CelebApprentice!
@Doctr__Wang @CNN Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
@dulcifybp @seajay2uk @realDonaldTrump @VisitAyrshire what a great credit to Donald Trump  Thanks.
@frank_lemoine: @realDonaldTrump The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!
@PennySingletary: @realDonaldTrump we know this and that's why you will be our next President  Thank you.
@smith_jere: @realDonaldTrump You are amazing Mr. Trump! Thank you!!!  So nice.
@shawnslawns4u: @terrykimk93 @WSJ this coming election is THE MOST IMPORTANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP
Entrepreneurs: Follow your own pathu2014it will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
@CoastGuardFound: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump We couldn't agree more. Truly amazing!
@fabeshai: @CBSNews DonaldTrump the field looks very beatable for Hillary, Donald should get in the race. He is a true Reagan republican.
@granitttg: @realDonaldTrump it'll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote #DonaldTrump
@KristineInDC: How can anyone watch #TheBachelor when Apprentice is on? I'm still reeling from @realDonaldTrump's multiple firing last week
Via @DMRegister by @AP: u201cDonald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenportu201d 
@Dollfinish: @AgsEliza @Citizens4Trump @realDonaldTrump ***Howard Stern Caller day after 9/11 
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. 
.@washingtonpost  @BretBaier  Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
@Dan__Crocker: @foxandfriends  Trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. When Hillary does it, hers go down. Must be something to it.
@Madisonbb11: @realDonaldTrump I'm so glad Shawn stood up for herself!!!
@KENofdfl:  @RealPro4Real @politico @GOP @SpeakerBoehner she's a dishonest and deceitful person. Trump, blows her outta the water!
@henry4_graham  @realDonaldTrump Fantastic advice as always. Thanks.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: u201cDonald Trump: Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesn't Make Dealu201d 
@megliq: Ive been saying Donald trump for preZ since 2nd grade.I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN LOOK I MET U @realDonaldTrump 
@HGswiney: @realDonaldTrump you're awesome in that boardroom. Great back to back episodes tonight!
@AlexCsi: I hope I don't miss @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice @CelebApprentice due to news coverage of #Snowmageddon2015
@dannyandrews51: @realDonaldTrump this country is ready for a true leader, and that leader is you! I agree!
@maverickmidday: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo has lost his mind. Fire him please! #CelebApprentice
@FoxNewsInsider: .@realDonaldTrump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' 
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
@Cheflucky23: You have my vote and a volunteer, please run we need a President that can bring the pride back in being American!ud83dude09
@Rmac747:  Keep up the good work, Donald! Hello from Vancouver where the new &amp; amazing Trump Tower and Hotel almost complete!
@bloggerjulie: @FoxNews The reporter is the one who mentioned the national database FIRST and not DonaldTrump. Y not report HONEST NEWS?
@sassysexylove:  At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonightu2019s @ApprenticeNBC. #CelebApprentice I can't wait!
@MarkMizzouSteel: I see you @realDonaldTrump 
My friend @ChristianJosi is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day, likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit 
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! 
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double &amp; triple them, a disaster!
@RichardAllen__: It Will be my first time voting and it would be an honor to vote for @realDonaldTrump America needs your leadership!
u201cTrump: 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bidu201d 
Will be on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
@RickysPlace1: @realDonaldTrump @slucch24 @AnnCoulter It is so blatantly obvious! Why do people refuse to see it?
@nglandon: @realDonaldTrump I just saw you talking with @greta. Trump for Prez! I know you can get these clowns in line. You've got my vote
@almy23841665: @DlSCORD @realDonaldTrump More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I can't imagine they wouldn't!
@kpdelbridge: YOU MIGHT- JUST BE -THE BEST PRESIDENT -TO COME ALONG THIS WHOLE DAM- CENTURY BUT THATS UP TO YOU? @realDonaldTrump Thanks.
@cptnloco262: @realDonaldTrump Watching @greta right now...I'm game! Let's take it and win!
@DJ4Corners: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to the next episode..
@thomas_tullos10: @realDonaldTrump said he would build a wall on the southern border... Got my vote!!
@greta: @realDonaldTrump @hillarysusans I can hardly wait to do the interview when the Old Post Office is finished in all her glamour
Thank you. 
@PeteNice1976: @realDonaldTrump @irisodle #ToughTimes NEED A #ToughPRESIDENT #SilentMajority is back &amp; #Trump will handle #IranDeal &amp; #ISIS
@djabs14: @realDonaldTrump Although I don't love Geraldo on #CelebrityApprentice, his charity is really needed &amp;I hope he wins! #LifesWORC
@greta: If the insurance companies are making lots of money and the # of uninsured is still large,Obamacare is a failure since so expensive
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! 
.@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
@Jnakes77: @realDonaldTrump We love u too Mr. Trump even though u make us mad sometimes.  Cute!
@gamoffour: @realDonaldTrump @SassyPantsjj Focus on being the next Prez Donald! we need you!
.CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
@CWilliams_Rltr @realDonaldTrump.  I am so happy you are running for President. You have my vote.
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speechu2014packed house.  Love it!
@HolySelena: @realDonaldTrump You are such a bright man. You have my vote!!
Thanks to our loyal viewers &amp; fans, last nightu2019s @ApprenticeNBC topped all the demos &amp; grew 24% in our regular slot premiere.
@_castoz: @realDonaldTrump should be president of the united states
@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@blissgal: @realDonaldTrump @BrielleZolciak Trump for President !!!!
u201cFailure isnu2019t fatal, but failure to change might beu201d u2013 John Wooden
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain 
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
@brianjames75: @GOP, don't choke again! Choose America's boldest leader to date. @realDonaldTrump #GoBigUSA 
Our country has tremendous potential. Together, we can fix Washington. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBIn
@Carolin42539648:  @realDonaldTrump oh my word what a crowd.. just breathtaking. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DonaldTrumpForPresident
Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge.  Whatever happens, you're responsible.
.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future.
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength- 
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: Trump: 'I would've won the race against Obama' 
@_Tsac_: I'm probably going to vote for @realDonaldTrump simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees.
@Furtaw2point0: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump YES! im recently in love with all things TRUMP!
@jessibee35: @realDonaldTrump Please don't stay gone to long.You make great T.V. I already miss the show.#Hurryback#NewCast #HelpingCharity
Watched @davidaxelrod on @oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that Iu2019m the only Repub who won't cut Social Security, etc. Iu2019ll make America rich again!
@IsaacNewYorker: Finally somebody with real intelligence &amp; leadership is runnig for president Mr @realDonaldTrump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@MiamiHerald: For Donald Trump, South Florida makes it rain u2014 dollars, that is 
@GingerzGirl: @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr I so loved the tribute. It was just beautiful.
@ChrissyCmc: @realDonaldTrump I am Loving @BrandiGlanville on the show :) :) she is my favorite. #ApprenticeNBC
@clar: @GeorgeWill @brithume The TV's made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys. @realDonaldTrump is right @BretBaier #WakeUpAmerica
@MichellePippin: @realDonaldTrump When are you coming to #virginiabeach? Very soon!
I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@b0923ef3dd5d46c Wow! Thx Donald! You said it like it is.....who would of thought you you were out for the blue collar....poor people.....
@David360NC: We finally have a voice with   Letu2019s do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy 
Very nice article from Daily Mail  
@bfree3423: @TrumpFerryPoint honored to be at the Grand Opening Ceremony of Trump National Ferry Point today  
@Tar_Heel_73: @realDonaldTrump We shouldn't be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Glad @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@KyndalBass  Thank you Jill, Marlon, &amp; all @TrumpChicago for the amazing &amp; personal service. #Chicago'sBestHotel  #Trump2016  Thanks.
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Trumpu2019s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. 
Don't miss the #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 8/7c with performances by @NickJonas @PrinceRoyce and @GavinDeGraw 
@RealSQUEZZ: @Realdonaldtrump HAS WHAT IT TAKES TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD. #VoteTrumpForPresident
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
@Kathe56Kat: @realDonaldTrump please be careful  Thank you!
@25whitney: I like the Bachelor but @ApprenticeNBC is getting all the love on Mondays! Best of 2015 #CelebApprentice  @IvankaTrump #NBC
@KristyWillams79: @realDonaldTrump I've waited years for you to run for president! You are going to fix America! We Need a businessman.
Donu2019t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonightu2014you will love it! 8 PM on NBC.  #CelebApprentice
@CahlRStorrie  Everytime @realDonaldTrump comes to Scotland, it's always sunny. It's not often for the sun to be out in Scotland
@marklevinshow: Well said 
@_fly_on_wall_: sucks when @realDonaldTrump says what most of us think and gets punished for it. scares us
@revdojoe:  We will elect @realDonaldTrump for President! We must!ud83dude0a 
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%! 
Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
@baberuth99: We've got your back Mr. Trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do.
@Gmandunkley: @realDonaldTrump Hi Donald, spare a thought for little old guy here. I love your hair and wish I had the same. GREAT!
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement u201cmore probable than notu201d against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. @nfl
Via @nypost by @StarrMSS: u201cTrump: @ApprenticeNBC contestants u2018the meanest by faru2019u201d 
.@davidaxelrod  I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal, boring!
@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP 2016 !!!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
@aozsvath: @realDonaldTrump Please Run for the president, and make America great again. Americans worked too hard to lose their country!!!
#TBT With my friend @muhammadali 
@DesignerDeb3 Wow 5000+ in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr @realDonaldTrump !
Via @trscoop: WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE 
Just announced that because of Trump, advertising rates for debate on @CNN are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?
@TS01171980: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump isn't on the stage, turning this garbage off
@BWANAWOMAN: @kwrcrow @realDonaldTrump IKR. He b slumming it big time! White House will need lots of upgrades. Just like our country.
@tmadsen32: No better way to spend my Monday evening than watching Celebrity Apprentice @realDonaldTrump
Also, tune in to the @TodayShow at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
@RoniSeale: @foxandfriends Trump is surging, leading,&amp; breaking EVERY poll because #TrumpIsRight #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
@dojiedojie: @realDonaldTrump Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
Goodnight everyone, sleep tight!
@ThislsAmazing: Donald Trump and Mike Tyson 
@ApprenticeNBC: In Memory of @Joan_Rivers 
@blewthebigone: @realDonaldTrump Can't even think what the race would be without you in it.
@VenueMagazine_: .@realDonaldTrump unveils brand new Red Tiger course at @TrumpDoral- 
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
@Sheriapple: @realDonaldTrump Thought ur interview w @donlemon was inspiring. U speak the truth.
@JLogossoComedy: I've never voted... If @realDonaldTrump runs for #President .... I'm voting for him
@originalholden: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I have been waiting all my life for this recap episode. #Feuds #Fails
@redletter99: @realDonaldTrump thanks donald great show,when r u coming back to massachusetts? Very soon!
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate gotcha guy!
@BettyeBear: @realDonaldTrump Every working class (every color) knows Trump &amp; wants to be rich like him - faces light upud83dude0eud83dude0d  @macys
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
@beachhome1: DonaldTrump. The problem with Brian Williams on celebrity apprentice is that he'll have miss remembered that he already won
Remember, Univision apologized!
@GarnerVideoPros:  @Bravolebrity1 @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera Can't Wait! The show is already Great!
@teerexbc: I'm rooting for @MsVivicaFox @ShawnJohnson and @peachespulliam #CelebrityApprentice #thecelebrityapprentice #nbc DonaldTrump
Dishonest @nytimes reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forwardu2026 
@TrussElise: #Trump I will NOT vote for Cruz or #GOP. My vote is pledged to @realDonaldTrump &amp;my grandchildren. Pray for the USA.
@ccarlen @realDonaldTrump get that Exploratory Committee to get some bumper stickers out to me! So nice, thank you.
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.n-- @jacknicklaus
Thank you. 
@dawino6260: Donald Trump Rips Media for Scott Walker Investigation: Why Didnu2019t They Go to Obamau2019s Schools? 
@FoxNews: .@ericbolling: Polls show [@realDonaldTrump would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today. 
u201cTRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE u2018GANG BANGERSu2019u201d 
Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon.
@PresidentJMarsh: @realDonaldTrump are you going to be at @CPACnews this year? I can't wait to hear from you there!
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
@Hasam_A: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president, I'd vote for him in a heartbeat.
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America' 
@clew136:DonaldTrump your charisma, confidence, leadership, and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs #Trump2016
.@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!
@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you are the best #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thank you so much!
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban 
Just reported by CNN that the Trump halo effect  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
@DeusVultGeorgia: @MingBlueTeaCup @RickCanton @_Holly_Renee @realDonaldTrump should the reporter's dishonesty be shielded from ridicule?
@DefendingtheUSA: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!
GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe 
Today is April 15th, Obamau2019s favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week  
@myhealthcoach1: Your C-PAC speech 2015 was presented so clear, straight forward it made it so easy to understand wt prob US has!
Big new @ABC Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with @GStephanopoulos. I will be interviewed on show!
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.  
Thank you to @NYPost's Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying! 
@USATrustTrump: WOW! The More Opponents Push The Higher The #Trump2016 Reach! Keep Pushing DEMS And Jealous GOPs! 
@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @realJoeMurray America can be great again with trump at the helm. Confidence counts.
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@sbinteriordesi1: @realDonaldTrump - I love this show, been watching since it started years ago!ud83dudc4d
@DenisePlante: u201c  By popular demand I will be tweeting tomorrow's premiere of .@ApprenticeNBC on .@nbc 9/8c 
@tomtumillo: @realDonaldTrump i love that tie you are wearing. Presidential. #CelebrityApprentice MACY'S!
@kim_ann1: @realDonaldTrump @JoshuaDummer I'll vote Donald ud83dudc4dud83dudc4dud83dudc4dud83dudc4d
@christotepis: Donald Trump Leads in Expectations, Shows Strength on Attributes (POLL) - ABC News - 
@tazz53098: @realDonaldTrump can't wait to watch. #trump for president #saturday night live
@LadyofFe: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly just watched, love your positive can do attitude.
@annabelkarmel: u201cWithout passion you donu2019t have energy, without energy, you have nothingu201d  #AKMumpreneur 
@yeswecandeport: @realDonaldTrump @Macys I am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him.
@taurus82409: @Morning_Joe   DONALD TRUMP is the absolute WINNER!! You heads try to talk around him, WHY, WHY??? Go TRUMP!
@MELANIATRUMP: ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 @realDonaldTrump 
@rosemarylowe105: @ShahKourosh @SpacemanChris @realDonaldTrump That is why we don't need a politician to be the next president.
.@CNN  Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy.
Via @ConcordNHPatch by @politizine: u201cTrump: 'We'll Make America Great Again'u201d 
@AAcrowellt:  @realDonaldTrump he is the best person for the job
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!
@markmoran_mn: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews would be a shock to have an experienced CEO in the WH rather than incompetent community organizers
@Boarcane: DonaldTrump We need you to run and WIN! A true patriot with only the country's best interest at heart. 
.@CharlesHurt   You were great on @seanhannity last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@derekcarlson: People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States. #Truth
Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they u201cracial profileu201d all over the place? Paid big fine!
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Trump excites conservatives AND appeals to independents. The best candidate. RUN DONALD RUN! Thanks Kyle.
@stinger_inc: @realDonaldTrump  @megynkelly's behaviour at the #GOPDebate was astonishingly biased.
@Forrestben94: I don't care what people say, I love @realDonaldTrump confidence
@thatgirlflorida: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN Florida Loves Trump !!! We had a ball in Jacksonville Saturday! ud83dude82u2601ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
@mayrazayago: This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it! 
@dcfoodsafety: @IanZiering @ApprenticeNBC  @realDonaldTrump wow sounds like something huge is about to hit us next episode I can't wait!
@lance_combrink: @realDonaldTrump Karl Rove still thinks Romney won. Why is he still on TV?
Thanks. 
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
@MagicMan121: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump are u going to run for 2016 presidency?. I hope so..!
I hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks.
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's 
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!
@am_burns13: Currently rooting for @realDonaldTrump to announce his 2016 campaign
.@WayneNewtonMrLV  Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
@FTESTERNBTLSFAN: @realDonaldTrump wonder who gets FIRED hmmm
My interview with @jheil &amp; @MarkHalperin at @WollmanRink airing at 5PM on @bpolitics. 
@YungTrillLord: Homie is on Celebrity Apprenteince with @realDonaldTrump
@teslu888: @realDonaldTrump We will vote 4 you.
@cstace1: @realDonaldTrump is a president to get excited about!!! 2016!!!
@KdanielsK: @misstcassidy @AllAboutTheTea_ @realDonaldTrump My money is on Kenya getting fired first.
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!
@brianstoya: @realDonaldTrump For POTUS #2016
@RomyNYCity: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I want to be a business woman someday ! Love this show :)
@Inception_E: u201cMoney was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.u201d
@dpal1996: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC boardroom is going to get ugly!!!ud83dude2cud83dude2cud83dude2c
Thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination 
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be strong, be tenacious.
@bigmikeobrien: @EricTrump @skyjones55 @greta @FoxNews  @oreillyfactor @CarlRove is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the great palazzos of the world, with a fantastic history. 
@PjwJ316: @realDonaldTrump YES!!!!!!!!!! AMERICA NEEDS @realDonaldTrump FOR PRESIDENT!!! CAN'T WAIT FOR AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!!!!
@TheNewsClub_US: RT @realDonaldTrump @laurencristmann: @topcota1SG @PhxKen i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMPu2026 #RT #CNN #HBO
@Dlund22226523: Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsin's economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second.
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
Great seeing @MarianoRivera w/@realDonaldTrump at @TrumpTowerNY for @EricTrumpFdn! 
@ConradMBlack: Many thanks Donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C.
Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!
Great story on @TrumpToronto in @globeandmail about our new Sky and Wellness Suites: 
.@politico has no power,  but so dishonest!
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them crazies--must apologize!
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@BJKizer74: You should run as an independent and kick Hiliary's ass &amp; the wussy Democratic Republicans too! Just say no to RINO's!
@Lanae_Jonas22: @realDonaldTrump it is interesting so far
@extra_deep: Hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president and fixes the mess Obama made
@RockinJoe1: @upsetNavyVet @realDonaldTrump well at least the Donald's arrogance is warranted  So true, thanks!
@phatpuppyart: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump have to say I would love Donald to run---he makes me feel some pride again. Glimpses of Reagan
@HeelsGunner: Watched @realDonaldTrump on The Late Show talk fiscally responsible politics, we need more of that in this country!
Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM.
Thanks.  
@Kolie_Yola: I do like @realDonaldTrump! Thank you.
@lee_richter:  TRUMP will make America SAFE again...He will make America LEGAL again...He will make America GREAT again! #Trump2016 USA
@pokeyisme1971: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016
@lizzysaupe: I'm way to addicted to watching Celebrity Apprentice @realDonaldTrump
@ABCPolitics must apologize. My statement we're going to get them out so fast, so quick applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE
@raymeem: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump I see Donald is the only guy who makes sense on economic reality.He sees nau00efvetu00e9 of America vs China
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!
@toddinwichita @realDonaldTrump Hillary is doing a HORRIBLE job at #BenghaziHearings reading from the script. #pathetic . She is no leader
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the @PGAGrandSlam. 
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to @realDonaldTrump. 
Via @thehill by @HugginsRachel: u201cTrump looking 'very seriously' at 2016 runu201d 
Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@THETAINTEDT: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016 
Looking forward to being honored with the prestigious u2018Friend of Israelu2019 award at the @Algemeiner Gala Dinner 
@LexingtonBobby:  @CLewandowski_ Today, New Iowa poll finds Trump in the lead by double digits 
@Jackson_Tweets: @realDonaldTrump you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate! I create jobs and build, but should be able to do just fine!
.@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
@NEO_SALAMANDER: @realDonaldTrump You're the type of guy we need in the White House You want to see the USA at the top
@mallhayden11: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 
@DillonJQuinn: @realDonaldTrump HOW DO I SIGN UP TO BE A CAMPAIGN VOLUNTEER?!  You will be called!
Entrepreneurs: Donu2019t ever think youu2019ve done it all already or that youu2019ve done your best. You haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
@Chocolate3Way: I have never loved a candidate as much as I love @realDonaldTrump, I can't wait for him to make America great again! Nice!
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@fpatterson1050: @lovusa4 @realDonaldTrump Salute to @realDonaldTrump . Thanks
A big POLL will be announced this morning on @CBSNews  Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
Thank you. 
Would be nice if @jmartNYT learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!
.@danawhite  Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
My @FoxNews @megynkelly int. on why I am considering running for POTUS, negotiations &amp; making America great again 
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, he's my friend! Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say disloyal guy, no friend!
@incorrectpoliti: Oh My are they starting to WAKE UP. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We must save America ELECT @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@cfarmer0608: If you run for president I would vote for you. This country needs a businessman running it not a crocked politician.
@Domenclature: TIME POLL: @RealDonaldTrump wins the first #Republicanpresidentialdebate by Wild Margin 
@Trump_in_2016: @realDonaldTrump does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul.
I am happy to announce that the @PGAGrandSlam will be held at @TrumpGolfLA this year! 
@ConnieHegel: @realDonaldTrump if trump is not on that stage no one will watch  So true!
@Christybelle14: DonaldTrump it's has to be so hard to keep personal feelings out of the boardroom. Love how you call the bs @TheApprentice
@jeffrey_gorski: @realDonaldTrump the time is now, please get out in front of the herd and announce, give us some hope
@laurasgoldman: .@realDonaldTrump why is it necessary to comment on .@ariannahuff looks? Because she is a dog who wrongfully comments on me
I think it would be a good ideau2014and fairu2014to include @GovChristie &amp; @MikeHuckabeeGOP in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys. @FoxBusiness
@Jake_Wiley12: #Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16 @realDonaldTrump
.@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!
@hillarysusans: It showed. He'll be up in NH for FITN. Can't wait to see him. Will tweet pictures to @FoxNews 
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! 
@m__a__w   @realDonaldTrump From my #european point of view,#USA needs a president like you to get a lot of things right. #Trump2016
Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
@JoshHammer77: @realDonaldTrump happy new year sir can't wait for #CelebrityApprentice
@ColinSWood  @realDonaldTrump is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more.
.@MannyPacquiao and friends at @TrumpDoral 
@Jameslauer6: @David360NC @azblonde2015 NOW'S THE TIME 4 CHRISTIANS TO GET OUT THE VOTE BIG TIME TO SAVE CHRISTIANITY ONCE &amp; 4 ALL. TRUMP
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
@hammetjohn: In my Lifetime I've Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting. @realDonaldTrump Woke up about 300 Million people
Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last establishment man standing against me.Great
Entrepreneurs:  Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.
Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog 
@MMValetServicez: I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.u201d u2013 Donald Trump
@misstetu: I love how easily @realDonaldTrump sees through the bull, every-single-time. #respect #CelebrityApprentice
@MoneGuapboi716: @realDonaldTrump: @LikeFineWine63: @realDonaldTrump You ROCK and I ud83dudc97u!
@coverallpads: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC awesome show. I haven't missed 1 show from season 1 till now  Great!
@jimmy_jkmorgan:  @JoeyL3rd @foxandfriends @EricTrump Totally agree! Great Father with a great family - winning combination at life.Thanks
@toypilaVzla: Donald for President @realDonaldTrump. Trump is u261e triumph u270c #TrumpforPresident
@bdevil89: @krauthammer &amp; rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like @realDonaldTrump - #immigration affects everything in society.
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi. 
@RoadrunnerKD: Mr. Trump you are the most qualified candidate. This nation needs your leadership, experience and wisdom. #Trump2016
@HarvardLaw99: @realDonaldTrump @CaudillAsh Announce you're running when you're comfortable with the timing. Great.
@crstin0516: @DanScavino @keraladubai @realDonaldTrump That chant gave me sweet, sweet chills!! #USA ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 #America
@CalebRapoport: @realDonaldTrump in 2016! this country can't wait any longer.
@HowardKurtz: Trump's big lead in a new poll and whether Jeb's stuff happens was taken out of context with @megynkelly tonight Thanks H!
@Tuvarkz: @realDonaldTrump Can't Stump the Trump
Senator Marco amnesty Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION
@trillacamila: we need @realDonaldTrump for president
@EdgarCalderonMX @realDonaldTrump The Art of The Deal; one of the best books of real estate written by one of the best Entrepreneurs
Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
@hyatt1942: @realDonaldTrump @piersmorgan WE ALL VOTED FOR YOU TONIGHT AS WINNER OF THE DEBATE..
@DerrickBolenVA: @realDonaldTrump has built up a great show #CelebApprentice
Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina. #Trump2016 n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
@kolbytraveller #Trump is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. #Trump2016
Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory, great people! Thank you.
@marino_joanna: @realDonaldTrump this episode beats Pierce/omarosa and Joan / Annie Duke
With @shawnjohnson and @lorenzolamas from @apprenticenbc- two great people! 
@JohnRiversToo:  @instapundit Macy's sales are declining, their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to spit on half of America.
@pjs307: @WalshFreedom Will be highest rated show ever, @realDonaldTrump is a marketing genius #SNL Hope it does well!
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
@1MuskyHunter: @realDonaldTrump @suzannesaxx love this guy - no fake account, spread the word #trumpforprez
@BUTTONPUSHER50: @realDonaldTrump @toddinwichita The only man who can get the US out of trouble. I will spread the word if you will run.
Good luck! Enjoy. 
@BeezakaMrB: @realDonaldTrump Shopping @Macys is NO LONGER a family CHRISTMAS TIME tradition in my house. Great, a very disloyal chain!
@gomrunner @realDonaldTrump keep up the tempo and don't listen to the RNC!  You are correctly presenting what people want.
@aman19980: After watching this episode of Celebrity Apprentence no one can say anything about @realDonaldTrump #AmericanValues
Via @wbtwnews13 by @elizabethk_wbtw: u201cDonald Trump will deliver keynote address to the SC Tea Party Conventionu201d 
@10Thurst: @realDonaldTrump we need you as OUR president
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
Via @bizjournals by @BrandonSawalich: 3 lessons about loyalty that I learned from Donald Trump 
@justintupper: @realDonaldTrump You are a machine. Success leaves clues. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@mitchellvii: Face it, Trey Gowdy failed miserably on Benghazi. He allowed it to drag out and in the end, let Hillary get away with murder.
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC
@RobertoAG415: Economically,DonaldTrump is what America needs.I dont know if he's running or not, but I'm voting Donald Trump for President
.@GeraldoRivera Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true.
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
@IanArnold: So @realDonaldTrump has an amazing hotel here in Vegas. Blessed to stay here.
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016 
.@seanhannity should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I ran for president twice. Never ran, merely considered running!
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few,  and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
@SeanSean252: @WayneDupreeShow @Rockprincess818 @CheriJacobus    
@schnoepoe: @foxnews I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regarding @realDonaldTrump The Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!
@MumzyIreland: @RealityTVBliss @1970Rachael @NixtheBlu @courtside I'd rather have @realDonaldTrump on my side than a few whiney housewives
True, thanks. 
@Dadeque: @realDonaldTrump The grey sofa don't match, Sir... but It is just my taste. I agree, but @IvankaTrump likes it - too bad.
@BigBrett45: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump your the Man!! Please run we need you!! Watch.
@coxsam5: I swear @realDonaldTrump is my ideal. I just wanna be successful
@HuskerPower811: @celestefick @realDonaldTrump Have you listened to his plans for Vets when he takes office? They're Incredible!!
@CloseTheDealTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN! @realDonaldTrump #quote
@ASA_Patriot: @realDonaldTrump @PatrickStinard @megynkelly I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at 9:00pm
@MARGIE352: Listen to what he says. You will know in your heart it is the truth. We are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it.
.@WayneDupreeShow  A fantastic guy!
@KMoriconi: @realDonaldTrump Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!
@LoriMoreno: RT @realDonaldTrump Congratulations @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto @Forbes Five-Star ratings
@Hturne:  @VanityFair  You're spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth: he has a low IQ, no imagination, no creativity
@slone: FLASHBACK1986: @realDonaldTrump Saved a Georgia Farm 
@AerielleS: @realDonaldTrump is the key to success.  Thanks.
@MauiJano You have my presidential vote! We need an assertive person like you to bring back respect and financial  repair to America! Thx
@slucch24:  @AnnCoulter don't worry... we clearly don't have an illegal alien criminal problem. #AdiosAmerica 
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. #Trump2016 
@Shannonfamini: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for tomorrow's episodes! #CelebApprentice #TRUMP
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing  @politico. How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
@CliffShep: @realDonaldTrump You've got my vote!!
I am having a really hard time watching @FoxNews.
@trufacts_101: @realDonaldTrump @fabiolasellsnj ANYTHING WITH THE #TRUMP NAME IS EPIC  Thanks.
@MansfieldRA: The Q Is @realDonaldTrump Going To Run For President. You Will Have My Vote. @realDonaldTrump
Flashback: u201cNYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rinku201d 
@jspence80: @jspence80: Like him or hate him @realDonaldTrump runs a brilliant campaign for #POTUS2016 !  Thank you!
Via @nypost by @GeoffEarle: u201cPolls show u2018President Trumpu2019 may not be so far-fetchedu201d 
@grammies28: @realDonaldTrump ru going to run ??????  Watch!
Via @BreitbartNews- 
@MelRivers: Thank you for amazing tribute to my mom @Joan_Rivers. Beyond touched. Xx  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr #CelebrityApprentice
@Trumpismyhero: @realDonaldTrump only President Donald J Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@Q1776: Love fest for DonaldTrump on @marklevinshow just now. Top 5 talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!
@TravelBabe78: @realDonaldTrump You will have my vote. #PresidentTrump
@EHarper69: @realDonaldTrump If you run you will win.. I've never been wrong. Just be presidential, not a salesman!
@mikerotondo86 Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... He's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so.
@pdigiore1: @realDonaldTrump my husband and myself are praying you run for president. Thank you!
@BigBrotherKat: I hated to love it, but @realDonaldTrump was hilarious on @jimmyfallon last night! @nbc #thedonald
Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
@BarbMuenchen  @grindingdude  the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again. Thanks.
@_ayley: @realDonaldTrump you would be doing our country a favor by running for President. #Trump2016
@HoustonGunn: My Grandma from #Seattle and Mom in #Nashville just said they won't shop at @Macys again. @realDonaldTrump
@wayway71: @realDonaldTrump Webb is OUT!!  Bad opening!  #DemDebate
@CandyFairy16: @realDonaldTrump Idk what I'm gonna do with my life now that #CelebrityApprentice is almost over lol
@Hturne: @realDonaldTrump vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE.
@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
@greenhousegrown: @realDonaldTrump @DRODELL76 Your my only hope, if you bow out then I am not voting for anyone else!!! Keep the faith!
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the Potomac River. A fantastic setting! 
@topsurveys   @realDonaldTrump @MarianoRivera @EricTrump such a class act..I adore that man and all he stands for...a classy trio
@RTylerR4 Don't let the press put words in your mouth!  @realDonaldTrump Awesome job at the border! You're doing great!
Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- no more fighting! #TrumpVlog #MissUniverse 
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
.@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said not even close. Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s
@BSticklen: @realDonaldTrump at your place in Chicago, Love it! 
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
@DOWNFALLOFUSA: @realDonaldTrump When r people going 2 wake up &amp; c that Obama favors everyone but Americans. Obama is our worst enemy.
@TheUSDesigns: @seanhannity WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent  
@JakeKonczyk: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove The best candidate! #GotMyVote #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#AskTrump @TwitterNYC 
.@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!
@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrumpu00a0DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESEDENT OVER ALL OF AMERCIA!!!!!!!!
@nypost: People are writing tribute songs for Donald Trump 
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.
@btodd539:  @seanhannity Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!
@jasthompcountry: @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino Thanks for coming to Raleigh Mr. Trump. I enjoyed every minute of your epic speech!  Thanks
@theoneguyandrew: It's such a bitter sweet emotional time seeing @Joan_Rivers on @TheApprentice9 @ApprenticeNBC.Thank you for airing this!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan 
@dalley5:  I got the tingle up my leg when you spoke! The common sense was to die for...we need somebody that will really fix this!
@NiccoBigalli: @realDonaldTrump #Trumpforpresident  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@UniqueCaptures: DonaldTrump: Even though I feel his personality is to strong for President, I agree it would be an entertaining campaign
@salyboy3: @realDonaldTrump great job on SNL mr trump, funny funny.  Thanks.
@bdckool: I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. #Trump2016
@HowardJax50:  @FrankLuntz NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesn't bother saying Trump leads with college grads, too
@LukeDillon6: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is. #trump Nice, thanks!
@MikePhelps5: Watching Mighty Planes about @realDonaldTrump private B-757. Mr. Trump is THE MAN. He's as impressive as the jet. Thank you.
My @nbcdfw int. by @EricKingNBC5 w/@IvankaTrump discussing the Sunday @nbc premiere of @ApprenticeNBCu2019s 14th season 
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.
@ElviNichols: Will @CNN be tough as they were with @realDonaldTrump ?  No way, they will want to be soooo nice!
@DoomsdayFAN: Please run! I'm with you till the end! Everyone who wants to #MakeAmericanGreatAgain is! Vote for Trump/2016! God bless.
Via @wmbfnews: Donald Trump puts Tea Party on map for 2016 
@Hanan_Khan2: @realDonaldTrump I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump!!!! #democratsfortrump  Great!
A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
@Reedgs119: @realdonaldtrump agree 100%
@tas0727: @realDonaldTrump Make America Great again vote Donald Trump
@Maryland4T: @SmallBiz4Trump Keep up the good work! Americans of ALL kinds are rallying behind jlDonaldTrump to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@AliceCarozza: @realDonaldTrump You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. I'm happy this was discussed.
@snugglebun31: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE SAVE OUR COUNTRY RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Watch and thank you.
My @msnbc int w/ @krystalball at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security &amp; Making America Great Again! 
@realOllieTaylor: @realDonaldTrump @Freedomr@OANN Trump is the only one who can make America great again. Carson's sleepy, Jeb low energy.
Entrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 nStory: 
@YankeesJC1: DonaldTrump Thanks for the picture! You were Awesome in Alabama! Roll Trump Roll #TrumpInAL #Trump2016 
True! 
@KatyTurNBC: This is the most focused Trump stump I've heard - really drilling down on vets issues here in Virginia.
@DRUDGE_REPORT: Opens private 757 jet to reporters... 
@unknown_resist: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!
@samsellars: @realDonaldTrump North Carolina. Come on down.  Will be there very soon!
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
@GameWeiver: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling Donald Trump doesn't compliment many people. True!
@utwey: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove can't wait for debates! DT will crush them Could happen!
.@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch u2013 I will win!
Thank you. 
....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money!
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate  
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys atu300a1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower, Vancouver, will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city. 
I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@wzpd8z: Mr. Trump, Chuck Todd is a moron, all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating 911. I would show it on your ads.
@AnnCoulter: If you run anyone but Trump, Hillary wins. So Rubio, Christie, Jeb! &amp; Kasich must hate the country. 
@topcota1SG: @PhxKen I am Hispanic and will vote for @realDonaldTrump
@deedeegop: Thank u Mr. Trump, I look forward to when u are elected next President of the United States #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. So nice!
@KristenCWard: Great statement and it's finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say!  #GotMyVote 
On my way to @TrumpSoHo to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award.
@agcaddauan: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT Megyn could have done a far better job*
Via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1: Exclusive: Trump Says Obama Shows u2018Total Desperationu2019 on Iran 
@yorkieartist: @Chris_1791 @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump was great - really laid out the problems and the solutions/he, @SenTedCruz were best
@archangeljf12: @realDonaldTrump Palm Beach is one of the greatest places in the World to Live!  #TrumpPOTUS2016 #HappyNewYear
@AndreaWeslien: #DEBATE @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump If not for Donald, who'd watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES
@mariadomenique9: @ApprenticeNBC @TODAYshow @realDonaldTrump @RealGilbert @GeraldoRivera cant wait to watch tonight!!!
.@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. @politico is a scam!
@ACLrecoveryCLUB: @realDonaldTrump I know you went back and forth w/ Cuban - I'm convinced @ApprenticeNBC is the best show on tv!
@summer0001: Why is @realDonaldTrump so amazing? Love watching #CelebApprentice
@RSan: Donald Trump's Polling Looks too Good to Be True.
We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!
@JulieMRoberts3: @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump she was wonderful Melissa! Truly missed! Cherish your memories!u2764ufe0f
@Zac_dunnn2  My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!
@anniekineavy: @realDonaldTrump for president !! #thesmartguy
@la_loquita We are breaking into real estate investing and we love @realDonaldTrump because he knows his business!!  Great, good luck!
@MitchPrefach: DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.
@redletter99: @realDonaldTrump I absolutely love this, can't wait till u debate Clinton
Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker &amp; economy! We need SMART TRADE! 
@kerrygold1914: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist the Donald is crushing it
@bean1227: @realDonaldTrump When are you announcing run #PresidentTrump !? Stay tuned!
@anon_thom: You have my vote @realDonaldTrump
@dungyots: .@realDonaldTrump with a solid cameo in #HomeAlone2 
@Lexie_Chadss: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016
@WKDojo: @realDonaldTrump just run Damnit......roll Trump roll....kickass
@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump Count me in! Anything I can do to help.. #Trump2016
@teamconquerca: First time in theTrump International Hotel and Tower and it's absolutely gorgeous!! Thank-You sir! Excellent hospitality
Hillary said I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign. I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
@BBCARKING: @JoeTrippi @realDonaldTrump @scottienhughes Joe have U resigned to the inevitable? Take UR seat on the 
Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic, and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods
@3462727: @BretBaier @Norsu2 @realDonaldTrump tired of FOX bashing Trump &amp; pushing GOP establish / Christie/Rubio/Bush
@canoetravel: Plans for wind farm dropped at @realDonaldTrump's #Scotland golf resort: 
People have been forced to resign positions for far less than @JonahNROu2019s u201ctweeting like a 14 year old girlu201d
I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
@EastonWestwood: It's PATHETIC for @JonahNRO &amp; @stephenfhayes to bash @realDonaldTrump as non-serious! Talkers bashing a successful doer!
For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of @Neilyoung in my office and his $$ requestu2014total hypocrite. 
@JimShellenback: @realDonaldTrump @EdwardChelednik @FoxNews I steer away from Fox now. Never thought that would happen.
Thank you @JebBush- you finally get it! 
@Mr_Babble: @BernardCastro3: @realDonaldTrump Whether it's the original or celebrity version,I love @ApprenticeNBC.
@PattiPav1: @realDonaldTrump Great interview!  Thanks
@swargcoming:  @AnnCoulter @rushlimbaugh @greta @OANN @FoxNews IS CARSON HALLUCINATING? NOW LIES ABOUT WESTPOINT? 
@ngb6060: @realDonaldTrump showing why he should be our next President. Tremendous Debate. Winning all the post Debate polls.
@whispers34: Nevada Poll: Donald Trump 33%, Ted Cruz 20%, Marco Rubio 11%... 
LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from @TrumpTowerNY now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@TheKrankyGirl: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@Portosj81J: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #Trump hits his highest poll number yet; #Carson, #Rubio make small gains 
New jobs report: 432,000 left workforce, manufacturing &amp; durable goods go - 
@iPaulyDip: @alexvent13 @realDonaldTrump him and Sailor Jerry
@slumpcityusa: I bet my mother @realDonaldTrump would be running for president this year... Let's see!!! #Trump2016 Watch.
@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump Trump speech is on C-span right now...f.y.i.
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxesu2014just another lie.
@David360NC: @adenunzio We finally have a voice with @realDonaldTrump , Letu2019s do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!u2026 
@JoeyCarna: @realDonaldTrump if you don't win I'm moving to Europe. We will all win together!
@maria_heck: @RobertsLiardon @realDonaldTrump. The more I hear Trump the more I like him!
@ULTIMATE_TREE: @realDonaldTrump Donald you inspired me in business to mop up my competition the same way you do.
Will be doing @seanhannity at 10 PM on @FoxNews.  As always with Sean, will be interesting!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
@facingeast52: @realDonaldTrump Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there.
@STERLINGMHOLMES: @realDonaldTrump Cant wait to hear you on @foxandfriends on @FoxNews this morning. #CommonSenseMan
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@ff7429b1dbb84b6: @realDonaldTrump @onesoldiersmom Donald you have to really try this time .We need you're skills
@GlendaAhrens: @realDonaldTrump @OANN Fantastic winning all the way to WH #Trump2016
@bjmgraphics:  @MarkHalperin Trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and diligence. He will fight for America!
@UU44M: Just seeing @Joan_Rivers on the @ApprenticeNBC, makes me want to cry. @realDonaldTrump
@LoiisLeto: @realDonaldTrump u are so nice on ur show! Xo
@mongo_ebooks: Please don't wuss out of running for President  @realDonaldTrump
@bgoudyGCC: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews  Can't wait to see #SleepyEyes on the next #CelebrityApprentice. Oh wait, he would have to be a celeb
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @Macys credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@Freedomrings22: @realDonaldTrump I Trust @OANN 's polls They are actually really Fair and really balanced on all their news Iowa lead!
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from @VisitScotNews  
@SamSteel10: @shook_stephanie @slone as long as we can stay strong and give @realDonaldTrump our support. He's the leader.
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
@ktd101551: @CNNPolitics Trump gave a great speech in Ala. What's more important a protester? I wouldn't give these folks 1 sec of attn
People rarely say that many conservatives didnu2019t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide.
Just leaving for @LandExpo in Iowa--standing room only. My great honor. @PeoplesCompany  
@hoosierclinger: Good job @realDonaldTrump for badgering Ford. Why didnt POTUS or Hillary care about those UAW jobs in Ohio?
@KOsbornSullivan: On our 25th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch #DemDebate and read @realDonaldTrump comments.
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
@VanityFair: Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx 
@teed_chris: DonaldTrump,NAME ONE CANDIDATE WHO CAN MAKE DEALS WITH CHINA ! IF WE DONT BRING JOBS BACK! WERE DEAD 
@JBOD2001 @realDonaldTrump yeah, you're really wearing out your welcome.  Who's dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!
@sailor7: @rebeccagberg - I am ready to work for the GOP - I want to back @realDonaldTrump - he is a Patriot
@auggerdogger: Screw the terrorists @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC #TheApprentice
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. Itu2019s a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
My two sons, Eric &amp; Don, have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers!
@suzost: UFC President Dana White Endorses Donald Trump [VIDEO] 
@RunningDeep67: @UniqueCaptures Too strong? Point out a time in America's history where it was good to have a PUSSY in the White House!
@JillyBaDilly: @realDonaldTrump I've been waiting for this day for way too long! #CelebApprentice starts tonight! Can't wait! ud83cudf89 Enjoy!
@JoshCalebKing: @BestBergerEver @realDonaldTrump Trumpy really loves the Irish!
@TechSaleMDMsfdc:  @OgreUasshole @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons Donald looking to clean house &amp; run for president?
@StadiumJourney: Take a look at our review of Trump National Doral Miami, home of the @CadillacChamp 
Via @BreitbartNews by @AWRHawkins: TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX 
@zeebusie: REALLY? David Axelrod comparing #Sharpton to @realDonaldTrump UNFREAKINBELIEVABLE!! @BillOReilyTV @FoxNews NO COMPARISON!!!
@MaxChupailo: @kuuleme69 @cspan @realDonaldTrump Gotta love the honesty
@JRMcClaren: @realDonaldTrump Stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him. Probably true, but it's fun to expose the overrated!
I had a fantastic time with @jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great @TrumpFerryPoint. Watch the video- 
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
@DNorrell: This is one of the most dysfunctional debates I've seen in my lifetime. @realDonaldTrump
@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump set's the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great &amp; will #MakeAmericaGrateAgain! He has SMARTS, SAVVY, KNOWHOW! #Tump2016
@idawhannadoyou: @realDonaldTrump @OANN Love it. Wish I could get @OANN I hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting.
.@BillRancic  Bill, fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!
Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterdayu2019s Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus
@Jrdavisii: @realDonaldTrump was great! @stephenfhayes is jealous that Trump didn't mention him. It's because SH is so wrong!
@ISAACYASS: @realDonaldTrump I know you will do great things for the USA!
@ErinEdwards001 @realDonaldTrump thank you for telling it how it is, no one else will address these issues. You have my vote.
@iStandWithUSA: 62% said that @realDonaldTrump won #GOP Debate Vote your stand: 
@EdRoc72: @realDonaldTrump will bring #America back. Our #savvy #optimism and #pride needs a #STRONG #LEADER like Donald Trump. #Elect2016
@pjleger: @realDonaldTrump In my opinion this is the best season of The Celebrity Apprentice!!
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
@ericleebow: Learning that you were once 900 million in debt at one point can make any entrepreneur a believer. Amazing success story.
@LikeWhoa134: I just hope @realDonaldTrump is our next president  Make America great again!
I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!
@TJeeyy: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpNation #TrumpForPresident @realDonaldTrump ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8
With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses u201ctweeting like a 14 year old girlu201d to hit me, no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly. @JonahNRO
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the @realDonaldTrump rally. It was exciting to see you.
@CVergara32: @realDonaldTrump for president
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true, but not nice!
@MJJustus1 @AndrewStilesUSA @realDonaldTrump Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?
@shoegoddesss: @realDonaldTrump Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!
@Unicurls: @realDonaldTrump I'll be in attendance. #YUGE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #bamaforTrump  Nice!
@LeezaGibbons: u201c@emilyplacido: @LeezaGibbons @IvankaTrump  I'm so rooting for you on Celebrity Apprentice @LeezaGibbons!! Go girl!TYSM
@otowned: @realDonaldTrump Any Real Housewife
@Crowebar_67:  @megynkelly Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going downud83dude03
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier. 
@ReversingASD: @CNN @CNNOpinion @realDonaldTrump Stupid opinion! #Trump is Winning! why will he leave? dummy! 
@KatrinaPierson: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@Operator1975: @realDonaldTrump Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!
@JohnG500: Love @realDonaldTrump and @ApprenticeNBC! This is gonna be another awesome season. #CelebApprentice
@Rick74467: @realDonaldTrump Getting ready to tune in for another great episode of #CelebrityApprentice... 
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
@Jwundy: Kevin is bringing it in the boardroom @kevinjonas @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump
@DrRPSmall:  Amen, Mr. Trump! The liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! Bravo,sir! Your friend and supporter #DocinMich.
@Buster842: @realDonaldTrump The thought of Obama makes me want to puke. He is a big disgrace to America and all it stands for.
@YitzySchwartz:  @CNN anyone who hates on Trump hates on America. We are a proud nation lacking a leader. Choose Trump to bring us
@NeilForell: Watched the roast of @realDonaldTrump You took those jokes like a champ, what a good sport! Im voting for you now  Great.
@insuraider: @realDonaldTrump is going to make Hillary's head spin tomorrow morning. Presidential Debate? Yes, please. #Trump2016
Via @washingtonpost by @jdelreal: About that Donald Trump speech at CPAC u2026 
@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump AUSTRALIA SUPPORTS DONALD TRUMP. Please immigrate to Australia and make Aussie great as well. Cute!
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
.@nbcsnl - So much fun last night!
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
@Delna_42: DonaldTrump You're going to be the greatest President this country has ever seen. I hope you win. #Trump2016 #CommanderInChief
John Kasich fell right into President Obamau2019s trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
@JetRanger69: 
@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote twice for you if I could. Actually I can! On your SECOND Term as President! Go get em' Mr. Trump!
Trump Int'l Golf Links Ireland in County Clare fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is #1 Resort in Europe/Conde Nast Traveler 
Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
@CBSNews: WATCH: Donald Trump holds rally at USS Wisconsin in Virginia 
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you @mcuban.
@AMOakabr: DonaldTrump this country needs you to run... need to teach people what the American Dream is again! Ronald Reagan reincarnated!
Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @VanityFair Magazine, Sloppy Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! 
@RealNinjetta: @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle Why did Hillary get to skate past the Do Black Lives Matter  Anderson let her off hook!
@MichaelPlu @realDonaldTrump @Macys we never shopped at Macy's anyway &amp; will now encourage three daughters not to as well
@lesleyclark Anyone would be lying if they said they werenu2019t tuning in to watch @realDonaldTrump,u201d  
Mark--They could use you.  
@LinFlies @GhostDancer_2 @contrarian11 @MichaelCohen212 @ChrisCuomo @DeptVetAffairs ...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE
@ethansimmons111: @AllRepublicans @Ecsullie @RagingCynicism @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @KarlRove Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family
Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
@Iceman0921: I support @realDonaldTrump and I as well will no longer give my business to @Macys . #Trump2016  Great!
.@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
@Bass705: @realDonaldTrump Thank you Mr.Trump for standing up for America My great honor!
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters tonight @ABC - 10pmE. 
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
@peter_smells: @realDonaldTrump Just read #CrippledAmerica! Great book! I haven't felt this enthusiastic about #America since #Reagan
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!
Thank you John Nolte for nwonderful analysis &amp; reporting.
@BillPwr1:  @collegestump @CNN @FoxNews @DRUDGE_REPORT @blackrepublican FYI @batchelorshow @larry_kudlow #Trump2016 appeal grows!
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
@thatxystkid: I honestly believe that @realDonaldTrump would make a great president  Thank you.
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.
Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th, with 2% in @RealClearNews, shouldn't be allowed to participate.
@AJ_13_Hulton: Best book I've ever read @realDonaldTrump 
@Jackshallis: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president!
Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but donu2019t worry, my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action.
Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
So nice of @Cher--- greatly appreciated! 
@KyleSBaxter:  I've been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight. And I knew Kevin and Gilbert would get the axe.
@agirland3boys: @icenycbx @realDonaldTrump @POTUS disagree a leader takes a stand. Putin would be scared of him. Peace through strength
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!
Why is the @GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
My @morning_joe int. w/@morningmika, @JoeNBC &amp; @ThomasARoberts f/@trumpdoral on why Romney shouldn't be @GOP nomineen
@kenzig:  Time to throw your hat in the ring Mr. Trump. Currently we have a liar, a repeat, overzealous tea partier, some Govs...blah
@USARestoring: @HillaryClinton's toast. Dems had better get theB Team off the bench. @TGowdySC for Attorney General under President Trump
We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
@JayRav3: @realDonaldTrump What is the best book for real estate? I want to get into the business. TRUMP, THE ART OF THE DEAL!
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
@BiffDiddle: .@realDonaldTrump This is why we need a real leader in the White House. #Trump2016
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! 
Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V.
@michaeljohns: #Trump support surges even higher after #McCain statement. Why?  Trump is a fighter. #GOP 
@TheReader23: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville Brandi for the win
@Women4Trump: @realDonaldTrump @SemiNoland Yup. And Clinton's leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support.
The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
@JulUSN: @realDonaldTrump  They look bad. @Macys screwed up BigTime!They are so hypocritical,YOUR Right &amp; they know it!
@gen_yvette: @markus_42  I'd vote for him if he were our candidate. I'd go door-to-do for him, too. I'd feel safe with him as President.
@debraa27: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews There was no need to embellish his stories. The man was so well respected. Now i can never look at him
It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip!
@JeremyTheDrift: @realDonaldTrump please run , you are republicans only hope ud83dude4f
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships.  How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
@IslesRBYanksFan: Politicians are all talk and no action. Lets make America great again. Mr. Trump, for the sake of America, please run
@jimlibertarian: @NBCNewYork  In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!
@d_seaman: @realDonaldTrump Trump wins, hands down: 
#TheRemembranceProjectn
@RonnieWNichol Just viewed the video of the changes to @TurnberryBuzz. An already stunning course will now be even more spectacular
@Shinatasangh: My stunning friend @NoyonitaLodh Miss India hope she gets 3rd @MissUniverse crown 4 India @LaraDutta 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service &amp; our signature restaurant, Sixteen 
@foxandfriends: .@realDonaldTrump on President Obama's statements in Panama: Our country is going to Hell...under his leadership.
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates.
Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins
@justnise: @realDonaldTrump My man has never voted in an election said he would vote for Trump for President.
@LaneLynmil: @realDonaldTrump I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald. Thanks.
Via @nytpolitics by @AshleyRParker: u201cStrong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Pollsu201d 
When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it? Never!
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
Via @FoxNewsInsider as seen on @foxandfriends: u201cTrump: Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Dayu201d 
I will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@kilmeade  It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- 
Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp; Trump poster: u201cIf youu2019re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think bigu201d 
@JamersonHayes: Just keep doing what you're doing; a lot of Americans believe in you, you set the standard for what America was built upon.
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare for 2.5 miles. Extraordinary! 
I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan, it's time to Make America Great Again!n
u201cTrump: I created tens of thousands of jobsu201d 
@jackievandyck: @realDonaldTrump I get to vote for the president for the first time in 2016. I hope you're on the ballot
@thedemonking18: Late night confessions: I think Donald Trump would be a good president
@KraftyWurker: Some think Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait until @RealDonaldTrump gets cranked up. #Trumpmeister
I will be on @letterman tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time. @LateShow
Required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life read @kimguilfoyle's book #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice ! n 
@RobertH25937464: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Lindsey still doesn't hear Americans! Still at Zero! It's like Monty Python.
@jamesmason1: u201c@realDonaldTrump: We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Playeru201d
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday 
@RealJesus33: Hey @espn, call @realDonaldTrump to handle your @BrittMcHenry situation. #firebrittmchenry 
@chriscoxb2b: @realDonaldTrump - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader.
@cecki: Leave our candidate @realDonaldTrump alone! Do not embarrass yourselves further.
@_laurenharding: @realDonaldTrump not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!! #Trump2016  Cute.
@lancebagley1: @realDonaldTrump @RockinJoe1 @upsetNavyVet It's not conceited, it's convinced. #Trump2016
@BOSSYtxmar55: #Trump WILL WIN! He's counting on ALL supporters TO VOTE Then WE CELEBRATE WITH TAILGATE STYLE PARTIES! #TeamTrump
@JezzaK: If the Trump Hotel Honolulu is any reflection how you would be as President then I think the U.S will be in good hands Thank you!
@EntourageUK @AyrshireChamber looking forward to your annual dinner dinner tonight and hearing from @realDonaldTrump #ACdinner15
@DavesBigWife:@Macys I have a Macy's store I used to love to shop at until they turned on Americans @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Via @DailyCaller by @samsondunn: u201cPastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statementu201d 
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week! 
Remember, @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
@HyperbolicX: @realDonaldTrump I just signed up in support of your campaign on your website 
@ron_fournier: .@realDonaldTrump rightly denounces Super PAC-driven campaign $ system. Another example of how DC deserves this guy Great!
@CASuperrunner: @cu_mr2ducks @FoxNews @foxnewspolitics  Trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not Rubio's idea
@JodiL792:  You know what's making my Christmas Great, Family/food/friends&amp;YOU! I HAVE MY TRUMP SHIRT ON W/HOPE IN MY HEART for America
.@ARealSuperMan #asktrump 
@highwayhopper66: @ConnieMackIV @00patriot My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD! Thank you
Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump mr. Trump do you have a favorite for the Super Bowl coming up what is your pick? Coach B, Brady and Kraft!
It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from @TrumpTowerNY at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@seankesser: @realDonaldTrump @Knight276 @cdgrafics @greta It's about time we had a president who doesn't need to care about his money
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!  @AlWaleedbinT
Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
@DONJUBBER: @realDonaldTrump Shock the world!#Trump4President
@HoustonGunn: A Warm Welcome to #Nashville @realDonaldTrump today. Thanks for sharing your wisdom and opinions with Middle #Tennessee
@seancduarte @TeamCavuto #Yourworld If @realDonaldTrump wins Barry Diller will move out of country. Sounds like a win, win.
@EdwardFrancisII: Can't Be Bought @realDonaldTrump - #2016election 
@katiesinex: 20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016 
See the amazing views from @TrumpGolfLA located directly on the Pacific Ocean- 
u201cFaster And Cheaper, Trump Finishes NYC Ice Rink @TrumpRinku201d 
@PHATWHODAT: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016 yard signs. Where can we get them?  Everywhere!
Thank you! #Trump2016 
All the haters &amp; losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
@hansel_amarilla: u201cAs long as youu2019re going to be thinking anyway, think big.u201d u2013Donald Trump, The Trump Organization President
@MeOnAJourney: @realDonaldTrump @Billd111 @seanhannity Trump is the Alpha of the #GOP candidates, the rest are betas! #Trump2016
@Kathlee08380944: @WSJ  @hookjan Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border That's getting great attention Go Trump
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH
@TheUSALifeStyle: @GOP #DonaldTrump #Election2016 (it will happen) GOP MUST SUPPORT Donald Trump #GOP #Politics 
Response to the Des Moines Register- 
My @TheBrodyFile int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico 
Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!
@soz58: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth it's good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars
@missskin604: It's time!! #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump #westcoast
As dishonest as @RollingStone is I say @HuffingtonPost is worse. Neither has much money -  sue them and put them out of business!
@NeilECollins  @Macys  only interested in sales and could care less about America. Veterans and Military will be with Trump.
@JoyCardinShow: Latest @MULawPoll finds @ScottWalker at 37 percent approval, @realDonaldTrump leading GOP in #Wisconsin.
@PascalMahvi: @realDonaldTrump well The Donald already knows who is going. Kevin, I feel for you !
@Felix_Whiskas: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - @realDonaldTrump
@sanksharma: @realDonaldTrump is always kicking ass. #theapprentice #trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #NeverGiveUp.  
@512poolman: @realDonaldTrump @GeraldoRivera drives me CRAZY !!!!!! Can't stand him please fire him ASAP!!!!
@kariganfam: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Wonderful!!
@billyjowiggins: @realDonaldTrump The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep
@waynearmstron10: @realDonaldTrump you must be relentless and maintain energy, and respond as you have been. It's a marathon.  True.
@w_gorham: @realDonaldTrump Go President Trump! Many Canadians up here are behind you... totally! 
@ben_techpro: It's way worse than we know.Just read @AnnCoulter #AdiosAmerica-be educated!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you for your continued support!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on meu2014remember they wanted my million dollarsu2014I said nou2014total frauds!
Great list of spring travel ideas from our @TrumpCollection properties: 
#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on the @TODAYshow from this morning 
@Katebug7777777: @realDonaldTrump I know it makes for an exciting show on @CelebApprentice, but I still wish more had integrity &amp; patience
If elected, I will undo all of Obamau2019s executive orders. I will deliver. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
@GroverWindham: @realDonaldTrump @Highlander6700 @Macys #obama called them gangbanger &amp; criminals
@toypilaVzla: #trumpforpresident @realDonaldTrump is u261e triumph. Next year sounded the trumpets! 
@darcy027027: @realclearspam @ElliekeMary  @AnnCoulter @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Don't worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !
Definitely watch @Carl_C_Icahn u2018s u2018Danger Aheadu2019. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America: 
@rhinostate: .@realDonaldTrump @GrundleMan27 Rubio is a Manchurian Candidate. People will own him if he ever became president.
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
It's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! 
Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
@WebDanny: @realDonaldTrump @yankzpat If you don't run, then GOP has NOTHING, hence Hilary is a 'shoe in'  I agree!
@Mike350Zdriver: Many Hispanics agree with @realDonaldTrump on enforcing the border Trump for President 
@Josh_Millard16: I'm loving everything DonaldTrump has been saying about the Iranian Nuclear deal, China, Mexico, and the border.Please run
@BNicehouse: @realDonaldTrump we need someone with a sense of urgency and you are the man! #trump2016
@monty3251: @realDonaldTrump ..can't wait til June Mr. President, millions are waiting for you to make this country Great again...
@FakeSkiTeam: @realDonaldTrump This Obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy! Please run for President Donald!
@WondHerful: @the_ValleyGirl YES!!!!!!!! @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump #MostIntelligentRealityShow
@BB1959_:  @FrankLuntz I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going.
@one4eternity: RT @jsager84: @IanZiering has done great, why not listen to him again! SMH! @one4eternity @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC
@davidaxelrod: .Met @IvankaTrump a few years back. DonaldTrump is wise to enlist his daughter's help. She's a throughly impressive person.
Despite the establishment and the mediau2019s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @GameANew put your hat in the ring - I'll vote for you. Get busy trump
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!
@Michael_0000: [First Vote News Video | Mike Tyson Endorses Donald Trump for President] - 
@KEEMSTARx: Mexican criminals coming into USA? YES Did Trump say we need to stop them? YES Did he say Mexicans are good? YES Racism? NO
Doesnu2019t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - heu2019s almost last.
@Stephanielk1: @realDonaldTrump please save our country!
A beautiful article by @IvankaTrump on my newly opened golf course in NYC, Trump Links Ferry Point 
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
@4udirtyrat: @realDonaldTrump 9 million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over 100 MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama
@TheIntellect111: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump Please Do not give in.You are Changing History. We Need you as our Next Leader, Its Your Time
@AliceEngle3: @realDonaldTrump-huge lead in Reuters National poll 
@WayneDupreeShow: Trump:Our educational sys is ranked #28 in the world-Get rid of #CommonCore Watch LIVE and CHAT: 
@TheMartynHale: Celebrity Apprentice Is ON !! Its Monday baby! @KenyaMoore @IanZiering @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville @GeraldoRivera
@DShimogawa: When I grow up I want to be just like @realDonaldTrump! Thanks.
@necprof: @NewEngCollege is excited to host DonaldTrump for a town hall meeting on Monday at 3 pm. 
@kda20151223: @realDonaldTrump trump for president 
@JamesDriscolli: Awesome entrepreneurial advice from @realDonaldTrump #TrumpAdvice. That's how Greats are made. 
@natswish: @realDonaldTrump The country needs to be run like a business. No better person for the job than you!  I agree, thanks.
@TaylorWrightAU: #Trump came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! Next #GOPDebate we need max 5 candidates, too many on the stage!
Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Via @CBSNews by @ReenaJF: Donald Trump scolds Republicans: 'Toughen up' 
@BillyMoeder: @realDonaldTrump is the only man who can get the job done in the Oval Office #Trump2016  I agree, thanks.
@CaitlynHarman: Melania would make a fantastic First Lady, she has the charm that reminds me of classy Jackie O #Trump2016 @MELANIATRUMP
@CleopattraUSA: @realDonaldTrump @nbcsnl You've got it going on!!! Nothing is boring or low energy about you. #EverybodyRockW/TrumpNow #SNL
@bob_forbes2: DonaldTrump has built a lifetime reputation of doing what he says he will do. He keeps his promises. 
Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!
@tiyah_valentina: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time.
@SteelerDan619: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the man!!
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto on your Forbes Five-Star ratings @ForbesInspector
@rg_radical99: Counting down the hours to @realDonaldTrump announcement! Ready for America to become great again. Supporting you Mr. Trump.
@twlhb: @realDonaldTrump @GovernorPataki just called you this PRESIDENT !!! 
@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump @TheBrodyFile -I'm all aboard the Trump Train. I know it won't derail. ud83dudc4d
Entrepreneurs: Seek opportunity, and see opportunity as a perk. You never know what will evolve. Keep an open mind!
@LikABrdThatFlew: My only New Year's resolution: Be more like @realDonaldTrump Nice, thanks!
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
u201c@BrandiGlanville, @KenyaMoore, Talk @ApprenticeNBC Feudu201d 
...Trump, however, would kick his ass!
.@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
Thank you. 
@Spen_A_John: @realDonaldTrump @TheguhMantap hey you're the man Trump. Fight the fight
@TheUSALifeStyle: @AnnCoulter TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP. #Trump2016 #Eleccion2015 #USA #GOP  
@TSettles14: I'd be proud to say the first President I voted for was @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@DoreenHunns: @realDonaldTrump We need you in the White House. Straighten out all the mess. Set them straight.  Watch.
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@LakersCanes305: On my way to @TrumpDoral What better way to start my 10th wedding anniversary!  @realDonaldTrump
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016 
Via u201cTRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE u2018CRIME WAVE LIKE YOUu2019VE NEVER SEENu2019u201d 
.@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
@STR8HUSTLING: @realDonaldTrump Donald you would have fired Jeb Bush a long time ago on the apprentice  True!
Thank you Ted. 
@BJohnson683: @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump the first show of #CelebApprentice was amazing. Can't wait to see next week's episode.
@apseloff: @realDonaldTrump Did you know before the show how immature and confrontational Geraldo was?
Just out, the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
@StacyRippy: @realDonaldTrump Darn it! If only those criminals would follow the laws of gun legislation! #2a BUT THEY DON'T
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.
@UncleLouie Clearly Trump gets social media. His tweets are everywhere &amp; no sugar coating, he keeps it real. Wish all candidates did that
Live from New York- November 7th! @nbcsnl 
@Elginet: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews Do it PLEASE!
@Sweettea2u: @realDonaldTrump If you do not run for president, I am not voting. People need to stop playing games and get real.
@MuaRia_: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the Miss Universe Pageant! Hopefully another Latina takes the crown. ud83dudc83ud83dudc51
Via @AmericanThinker by Malcolm Unwell: u201cTaking Trump Seriouslyu201d 
@realliamager: LRT: never thought I would agree with @realDonaldTrump on anything. @EE @TMobile @TMobileUK  @JohnLegere
@GovtsTheProblem: The appeal of Donald Trump to people is that he's a fighter, not a Republican surrender monkey.
@AnAustrian: @realDonaldTrump @paulomyftaraj i said many times that i wouldve voted for trump each time he ran or thought about running.
Statement on Relationship with NBC- 
Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. 
@MalachiNorris: I sure don't trust any other politicians running to be President except @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThroughTrump
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
@BannermanJack: Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The @realDonaldTrump shamers can't win against El Rushbo
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!
@shawncrazyshawn: I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up &amp; see what you're all about. I am behind you ALL the way!
@sethhenry78: @realDonaldTrump I saw you in Des Moines and now I can't wait for celebrity apprentice to start.
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
@DDietlin3: @ColinCowherd fantastic job with your interview with @realDonaldTrump today!
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016 
Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump people are for you #Trump2016 keep up the good work and we will win this and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@vbonina:  @ConserveCast @GeorgeWill why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about.
@evanbooth5: Save us @realDonaldTrump, you're our only hope! #Trump2016 
Thank you.  
My @TeamCavuto int. on simplifying the tax code, our incompetent leaders, Iran and making America great again 
Looking forward to visiting @SimpsonCollege on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
@yolandpop:  @sassysexylove: @realDonaldTrump: @tiyah_valentina: #CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time. ABSOLUTELY!
@ccrealty2: Friendship can be really tested only in bad times ~ Donald Trump #quotes #realestate #homes #blog #buyingtips
@sam_tucker17: You would be the best president. You're political critiques are always on the money. You are way better than Hillary!
@VandaMan86: You have conquered so much in business. Your children will carry on your legacy. Now make America great again!!!#trump2016
@ChrisRosica: @realDonaldTrump genius Tweet.
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me. 
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz
@PatrickAnna: @realDonaldTrump You can definitely thank God for you health, stamina, strength, and all the good things in your life! True!
Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SCu2014far better than zero nationally. Youu2019re only 26 pts behind me.
Thanks, @PiersMorgan. You're great!
@WayneDupreeShow: Itu2019s clear that Donald Trump was NOT even talking about a Muslim Database! 
Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: u201cTRUMP: 'I'm going to surprise a lot of people' in 2016u201d 
@DrChimRickles: @JrebstockR  @SarahPalinUSA trump has the nicest hair of any presidential hopeful.Nicest hair=best president. Wow!
@HardcoreRepub:  @realDonaldTrump  AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt; POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all. #Trump2016
@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Always watch Mr Trump Keep speaking the truth! Let's Get Our America Back! You Will Do It! God Bless!!
@JSKibler: @MrDrewScott @MrSilverScott we need to get you all on the @celebapprentice with the @realDonaldTrump. #unstoppable #makeithappen
@lafrana @realDonaldTrump @Macys  I will not shop at Macy's. I am with you Mr Trump!
@somegirl71 @realDonaldTrump Look forward to hearing you every Monday on @foxandfriends. You are exactly what this country needs!!!
Dummy @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing...
@twillnurse: @realDonaldTrump saw this and had to share! He wants to be you! Love it!!!! U r his HERO! 
@mrzmazz: #CelebApprentice Why do we have to see @GeraldoRivera with out his shirt? @realDonaldTrump please stop this from happening.
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. 
@willowfrantn: @realDonaldTrump I DVRd Kelly and Michael today to see you, but you weren't on! Missed you! Wednesday!
@jimlibertarian: @realDonaldTrump @nonstop85716 it doesn't matter how you vote for Donald, just remember to vote Donald Trump for POTUS
@mcgranejt: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@sasha_seven: @realDonaldTrump great seeing Joan on todays @ApprenticeNBC
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies? 
Mexicou2019s court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money &amp; nothing happens.
@ChaddRyann: Keep doing what you're doing! You're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before! #Trump2016
@pthebnyc: @realDonaldTrump @Sari_Swensen @nytimes no need to explain, Sir. We've got your back.  Thanks!
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on @FallonTonight last Friday- 
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on @ABC2020 . Don't miss it! 
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
Thank you - Michigan!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@BestPhotosEver: I hope you'll announce you're running for President soon. America needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you
@EthaBrooke: @cs1racefan @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney The truth about Romney...he didn't want the presidency bad enough!  He choked!
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say- 
@BrendanMalakym @realDonaldTrump First time in the fabled #trumphotel Toronto - concierge was amazing, &amp; experience is the right word Thx
Off to Nashville and the NRA.
Excited to be speaking at @frankgaffneyu2019s @securefreedom Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM! 
@SovAdjEast  The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now it's the USA' s turn.
Many people think that WM23 @WrestleMania u201cthe battle of the billionairesu201d was the greatest of all timeu2014set all records
Thank you America! @FoxNews post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@19thWheel: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Thank you for having #Trump on!! Want to see him educate reps on #Economy !!
@Shipwreck2014: @realDonaldTrump for president, I cant wait for next Monday to watch @TheApprentice9
@YMcTier: Celebrity Apprentice is So Good 2night! Everyone going in Hard to Not get Fired! @YMcTier Favorite Monday TV Show #LuvIt
@katiemariebes14: @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @leezagibbons @msvivicafox @nbc  I only watch cause Brandi is amazing I love her.
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress &amp; @ThisWeekABC, I think itu2019s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
@DomineekSmith: @realDonaldTrump is the best Republican presidential candidate of all time.  Thank you.
@Women4Trump  MSM cut off intro of Trump in LV where we were told he just gave $20 million to St. Jude's Charity 
Via @eonline:@IvankaTrump Wears @MissUniverse 2014's $300,000 Crown, Nails Beauty Pageant Winner Look 
@JanineGreenberg: Meeting Trump @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTennis #woohoo 
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit 
@Man_In_The_Hole: Our leaders are dummies. They don't know what's going on. It's true, they're incompetent. #Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@AndyKimKim: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016?
@TracyHolland1: When will you be declaring your candidacy for the 2016 race? Can't wait to put your campaign yard sign in my lawn.
Iu2019ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
Trump Int'l Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland. A legendary course ... and rightly so.  
@AnnCoulter:He's right. Trump on 9/11 happening on Bush's watch: With my immigration policy, I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country
@vivianbrown21:Can't WAIT till tonight To see EpisodeW/JOAN RIVERS!!a true Winner!! Hope you PayTribute to her GREATNESS! u2661JOAN#RIVERS !
@carolled2001: @realDonaldTrump im so ready to have Mr @realDonaldTrump for President PLEASE
I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the raceu2014looks like he wonu2019t be endorsing Trump any time soon.
@chriskyleband: TRUMP Supporters aren't Angry We're Smart ! We're Men / Women / Millennials / Politically Saavy  
@JWCarrr: @AnnCoulter @SenTenCes   Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And there's no need to mention Dr. Carson's education!
@HoustonWelder: Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is. So true!
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean 
@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump love the @ApprenticeNBC past fails and successes. You have changed tv for life!
@JulieMyra: @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump you go. Love your spirit. F the haters
@AlexMayMcGregor: Watching #CelebApprentice and I think @IanZiering is my fave person because he always is respectful and nice.
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
Will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!
@JoSportsGal:  @BrandiGlanville Too early first episode. @realDonaldTrump season needs to play out. Then I'll let u know. #WorkHard, #Win
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders 
.@NicolleDWallace is really hurting @TheView. She is boring, predictable and has zero television it - show no longer has ratings, dying!
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
@mstanish53: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long .
A letter to @CNN President Jeff Zucker- 
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.n -- Gary Player
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
@talsept58: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends You are great!!
@enzotorin @realDonaldTrump Trump is the man #Trump2016
.@JebBush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
@AnnCoulter:  I think DonaldTrump has struck a cord! 30,000 MACYu2019S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP 
@raleynicole143: I can't wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for @realDonaldTrump ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@VMilaccio: Jack Nicklaus elated at official grand opening of Ferry Point via @NYPost Congrats @realDonaldTrump 
@bentomchik: @chucktodd: is there something to learn from @realDonaldTrump success? #Election2016
@lancebagley1: Be Bold....,And Powerful Forces will come to your aid. But you know this, Trump We're waiting. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Via @HuffPostPol by @_under_current: u201cDonald Trump Will End Outsourcing If Presidentu201d 
LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@RealClearNews: After years of fanfare, will #DonaldTrump run? @RebeccaGBerg reports: 
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: u201cTrump inches closer to a decisionu201d 
@888maggie888: I am voting for @GeraldoRivera to win @ApprenticeNBC! He is not as slimy as I thought. He has integrity and does not lie.
@SritaColombia: Do you think that #MissUniverse is like a world cup? TOTALLY AGREE @realDonaldTrump
@airforce2100: @Macys This 4th of July lets also remember the thousands of American citizens killed by illegals. 
@jamalwms45: @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly For the remark Trump made on dumping NBC, I'll vote for @realDonaldTrump
@Elginet: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews Mr. Trump, next CeleApprentice needs to have Brian Williams please. #CelebrityApprentice
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting
@MARGIE352: @realDonaldTrump I believe Donald Trump is the only one that can do this. He has no skin in the game. Just his Country.
@Plruble58 @realDonaldTrump The numbers are amazing!  #GoGoGoud83cudffb
@katmur23: Run @realDonaldTrump Run! @oreillyfactor #oreillyfactor
@insuradude: @foxandfriends @foxnation tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling @realDonaldTrump. No Fox!
@dawn_dunne: @realDonaldTrump @BretBaier watched, got me pumped
@ReevesMH  it's been a long time since I've been excited about a candidate. How refreshing to have a bold voice. Go Trump!
@MarkWeinzierl: Love that @realDonaldTrump is one of the few famous people in the public eye that will proudly support the #2ndamendment!
@ChadSchiebler: I can't remember a candidate that I've been this excited about @realDonaldTrump don't let us down! We believe! #landslide
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!n
@Marta_AQT4U: Obama - just retire I'm ready for a real Leader !! #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !
Totally false reporting on my call with @Reince Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a u201cnerve, doing well, end!
.@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump You have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country! #Trump2016 Thanks.
@ConnorBaldwin21: @realDonaldTrump has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it
@keithwmcandrew: It's going to be an emotional @ApprenticeNBC tonight with @Joan_Rivers final TV appearance. #CelebApprentice
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
@BabyPhatRox: @realdonaldtrump The huff post pollster has @realdonald trump in first place ahead of jeb bush
@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrumpu00a0VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP HE IS THE BEST VOTE TRUMP SHOW YOU'RE INTELIGENCE VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE AMERCIA
@Mari907: @realDonaldTrump &amp; @IvankaTrump back on my TV! I'm a happy gal u2764ufe0fud83dude0d
@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump thank you for standing up for America let's make this country great again!
@xfile1986: @AdamSmith_USA run @realDonaldTrump run!!! ud83dude4fud83cudffb
@Billd111 @seanhannity  Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down.
@Teeroyd: Saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head, bring all manufacturing back stop outsourcing Im a gay republican, ANNOUNCE!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
@NeilWipperman: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz Go Team Trump!
@jenlynette: @realDonaldTrump what an awesome night! #CelebApprentice
@ZankMatt: Another WIN! @realDonaldTrump 
Do you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
@TrumpsMyHomeboy: @realDonaldTrump @Robostop10 @politico The #MSM straw man candidate is falling apart!ud83dudc4aud83cudffd
Via @NOLAnews by @DaveWalkerTV: Donald Trump praises @Joan_Rivers as 'strong,' 'vibrant' in @ApprenticeNBC return 
@SHLOMO_ABADDON: @TODAYshow @MLauer @realDonaldTrump Matt will vote for Trump i just know he will !
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner. 
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
@PMgeezer: Only 15 percent of @GOP voters said they would not back @realDonaldTrump as the partyu2019s standard-bearer. 
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear:  That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win!
@stylebrandco: @realDonaldTrump much respect for @MsVivicaFox tonight #CelebrityApprentice
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the raceu2014he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy! 
@hokie6: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump the art of the deal in action. There's a pinch of Reagan in there.  Thank you.
@Nick_Da_Slick: #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump
Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandantu2019s Leadership award!
@ThisWeekABC: Maria, why do you work with such dummies as Cokie Roberts, @BillKristol, @mattbai? You can do much better! @MariaTCardona.
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! 
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there, live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
Watch my appearance on @Letterman from last night- 
#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing- 
.@ConradMBlack, what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend, I won't forget! 
....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews
@thatjguy92: Mark it down @realDonaldTrump has my vote Great!
Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!
@meganweaver321: @realDonaldTrump Alabama loves you  Great!
@syoka68: Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU, MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.n -- Albert Einstein
Message to Obama re: Iran: u201cThe worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.u201d u2013 The Art of the Deal
@anthonyjmyers: Looking at @realDonaldTrump compared to every other 2016 candidate give me hope. #Trump2016 WE CAN DO THIS ud83dudcaa
@TheWTFTahoe: Please don't ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@DallasVercillo: Boys from the hood call me Black Donald Trump #facts Great.
I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
@Oliviaand24: @realDonaldTrump TrumpOn America needs you in office Now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Jonah Goldberg @JonahNRO of the once great @NRO #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does  @BretBaier put this dummy on his show?
@DexterTeebow: @realDonaldTrump : U R spot-on; however, Fools reject and even rage at truths. King Solomon.
@FrankGuaragna: @realDonaldTrump OMalley destroyed Maryland..  True, he was a disaster.
@blewthebigone: The establishment can try all they want to keep @realDonaldTrump from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!
@MrBrentAllen: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove @FoxNews I watched the @KarlRove interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?  WE NEED THE WALL!
@jakistheman: @realDonaldTrump keep you're momentum until you win over the White House
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
@Ma1973sk I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump live tweets during Dem debate tonight. Won't watch debate but will watch Trump's Twitter
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PACu2019s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
@Numerologynow: In my 37 years of Life U are the 1st person I have Ever Supported Running 4 the White house U WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the @nytimes states that Carson is trying to solidify his lead. But I am #1, easily! Sad
@RockinJoe1: @realDonaldTrump Look Mr.Trump, you could have a lot of support but people don't really believe you will run. Just watch!
@1MuskyHunter: @realDonaldTrump we need your leadership in this country now, please enter the prez ring.  
@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP: Hero. Energetic,savvy AMERICAN!! Need America strong. SAVIOR! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Tump2016
Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation.
@ArthurOHara: #Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links. Luxury resort in #Doonbeg on Ireland's @wildatlanticway 
@hammetjohn: DonaldTrump - How do u do it Donald. No one could keep up with u at your pace. Shows how hard u will work for us as President
@douglas_swain: The BEST hotel in Chicago! @realDonaldTrump Love this place! 
@LendonDonna: @realDonaldTrump BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support
A great Christmas movie &amp; perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain nStory: 
Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
.@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT!  Next Monday night at 8:00
@KellyJeanturner: @realDonaldTrump @Kateplusmy8 #ticktock 12 hours &amp; counting down to watch #ApprenticeNBC
@SAP_GIRL: @RadioMelissa @msvivicafox @realdonaldtrump @nbc That was insane.
@VincentKunicki: @realDonaldTrump @kimguilfoyle @FoxNews Long live Donald Trump our next Ronald Reagan!!! God bless you we need you Nice!
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
@SanStar_eMedia: Heard @realDonaldTrump might be running for #president. Think that would be pretty cool actually.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
Glad to see that @PeteRose_14 has been hired by @FOXSports as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!
@troubic  I'm definitely voting for @realDonaldTrump I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! 
@ElvisDuranShow Thanks for calling in @realDonaldTrump. Always a pleasure to chat with you! #ElvisOnTopoftheWorld And my pleasure, thanks.
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
@Shelly3177: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC love this show and Donald!!! I hate drama..unless its not mine ud83dude04
Via @GravisMarketing: u201cNew Hampshire Poll: Trump into top-tier statusu201d 
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!
@markg0077: @NeBonnie @realDonaldTrump But still, we put our trust in @MittRomney and he FAILED us.
.@KatyTurNBC, 3rd rate reporter &amp; @SopanDeb @ CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&amp;signed autos for 20min. Dishonest! 
Everyone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit &amp; they are rightu2014Mitt wouldnu2019t have won anyway.
@ravila30:Loved you on Jimmy lastnight &amp; how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much
@NatashaOwnfan:  @RockinJoe1 For me, you are the only one that can do the job right, move the country forward &amp; bring about goodness  True
@icyminnesota: @kevinjonas is acting like a spoiled little brat. @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice
@kcef35: Best looking building in Chicago @realDonaldTrump 
@Djscotter: @IowaGOPer @realDonaldTrump Thank YOU Donald J. Trump for your thoughtfulness.
@DailyCaller: How High Corporate Taxes Lost America The Worldu2019s Next Biggest Drug Company 
@ConserveCast: The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is @GeorgeWill . He is such a sourpuss, HATES @realDonaldTrump
@republicbuzz: Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump? | RealClearPolitics 
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq was not a mistake. He looked clueless!
@SilverSharen: Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS.
@annnotari13: @realDonaldTrump Just Do it!u2714ufe0f
@laura_damron: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump This Hispanic woman believes Trump has the brains &amp; energy to Make America Great Again.
Thank you. 
Trumpu2019s Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve? by Jeff Belln  
Wow, I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.
@susanadana432: lDonaldTrump @amstaffbru Keep telling it lIke it is. You have the recipe for making the USA great again. You have my vote
@RoddyDunn @realDonaldTrump @AyrshireChamber big things expected from tonight's key note speech :)
u201cTrump Gives 'Em Hellu201d 
@NJunger_19: @realDonaldTrump Ok Ted effing Cruz is running. Come on Donald. For the love of God run. NEVER voted REP, but I WILL if u run.
Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
@Port3Star: @JDiamond1 @CNNPolitics You know he has great vision. The very best. Many people have told him so. Thousands of people!
@jeffbenton1079: @realDonaldTrump back in Myrtle Beach tomorrow. Might see me at the airport. 
@bella270012:DonaldTrump The next man in Office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..I think you're the only one who can do it.
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent. 
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
@Jconstantinides: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed this season! You've done it again!
@GarethBale22: @realDonaldTrump you're going to turn America around Donald I can feel it
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
@ezika101: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #jobsmatter
@CharlesLiva: Thanks @realDonaldTrump , this country needs a real leader, and you are the man! #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT #DT2016 #DonaldTrump2016
u201cNBC FIRES TRUMP, KEEPS SHARPTON: The bigots of the NBC executive suite look the other wayu201d 
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016 
@Angie58493041: @sadmexi @realDonaldTrump sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america 2015
@ShalontaBowman: Without a doubt, donaldtrump is the most logical choice for President. You'd be the only competent candidate. We need you!
@NICNAE: @realDonaldTrump @strongvoice he should have fired Vivicia right away - she's trash
@usclarry: Mr @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate that hits my three main topics, Border Security, Economy and National Defense.
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
@SeanlaiC: RT @JeanRalphiooo I would endorse @realDonaldTrump in a presidential run!
Thank you.  
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3  
.@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
@Indies4Trump:  @HuffPostPol composite national poll #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain... 
@AlexPascal123: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Students at New York Institute of Technology are rooting for you Mr. Trump!
Via @BreitbartNews: GAME ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB 
.@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
With my friends at the great @Adidas Boost event at the @cadillacchamp at @trumpdoral 
@russiannavyblog: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC An announcement Mr Trump will run for President and fix the Obama-ruined nation?
@circuspony2: @realDonaldTrump Did you see all the whites that were robbed &amp; assaulted during the riots, Mr President? #Trump2016
@thembazoko1: @realDonaldTrump: We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player
Entrepreneurs:  Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence.
@JaayZen: @seanhannity Sean, I've been begging him, but will need someone with clout. Ask Donald Trump to run.
@FrisbieKaren: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice my secret addiction! Now only if you would do a regular people edition.
.@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!
@gen_yvette: @realDonaldTrump Run, Mr. Trump, run!
@gfmete: @realDonaldTrump @LAWeightLoss @IvankaTrump @ApprenticeNBC No one outsmarts the boss!
I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great.
@mcjeff42: @realDonaldTrump you made SNL great again  @nbcsnl
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!
.@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. @GStephanopoulos should not allow this conduct!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
@williamonlyrent  Why is government run by politicians? It's a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully! #Trump2016
.@deedeesorvino was GREAT today on @FoxNews  She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@Zimbo251: @realDonaldTrump @greta Go Donald! Show them what a real man is!
@KimBredesen @realDonaldTrump I appreciate that you don't apologize when someone is offended by what you say. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@oshack: A surprising number of Republicans think Donald Trump is their best hope in 2016 
Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here! - my @SRQRepublicans speech
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
@BrittainShannon: @realDonaldTrump @AlWaleedbinT Or at least give it back in oil
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
@Osorocks: After sitting in awful traffic,no parking (lots full) we gave up on car show today! Trump called it #javitzsucks #carshow
@seangraf: RT @ThomasARoberts: So this happened at dinner tonight @jeanniemai @NMoralesNBC  #MissUniverse 8pm 
.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. will be one of the world's top luxury hotels 
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, New York has the perfect Manhattan location &amp; @jeangeorges is the signature restaurant. n
@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump huge supporter out here in Alaska! Let's make this country great again!
@skinner5569: @piersmorgan @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @MarkBurnettTV Mickey Rourke R U going on The Apprentice?
@CherokeeShaman2: Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNC's voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions. 
@DefendingtheUSA: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!
.@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
@3rdedit: Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA &amp; telling it like it is!
@LucianaLamb: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Nice of you to ask @realDonaldTrump to help the Coast Guard.ud83dudc4d
@UndEngel: @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter Couldn't have said it, better... Nothing fake about you, sir.
Via @beforeitsnews: u201cWATCH: See How Trump Just Torched Obama, Biden, Kerry For Snubbing Paris Anti-Terror Marchu201d 
@jamesdschulzejr: @FoxNews 
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
I will be live tweeting!
I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!
@laurenthomasx3: Excited to hear GOP candidates at the Freedom Summit today in Greenville, SC! See you soon @realDonaldTrump
Thanks. 
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
Met a big fan today! 
@Sandikay60: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Donald Trump, our next president of the United States! #trump2016  Thank you.
@Realistboutmine: @realDonaldTrump for President please everyone vote in 2016 if God willing please we need him to help our country
Wow, really nice, and unexpected, from Ed Schultz. Thank you, Ed! @edshow  
@janienorris22: @realDonaldTrump Got my autographed book yesterday can't wait to read it. You got them scared to death! Love it.. Great!
@RRodriguez62: @realDonaldTrump First time I watched the start of the season. Enjoyed the show, will tune in tomorrow night.
@teed_chris: @Loyal2Trump2016 @TrumpAlabama  @FoxNews Look when you try to kill Your mom,that's it for me ,no walking on water
.@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
@FoxNews: @realDonaldTrump: u201cWhen you have $18-$19 trillion in debt, they need someone like me to straighten it out 
@marita1j: Praying @realDonaldTrump continues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It w/b so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!
@TheNewsClub_US: RT  @MNMans: Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reutersu2026 
@Chris_D2: @realDonaldTrump go get em!! How does it feel to be the next POTUS? #Trump2016 Thanks for the spirit!
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Enjoy!
@briankgarver: @realDonaldTrump like Shawn Johnson and predicting her as season winner!!!!!! ud83dudc4dud83dudc4dud83dudc4d
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@KBrocking: @realDonaldTrump You gotta run. I think you have what it takes to stop Hillary!!!
@XKidd92:  @LeezaGibbons it's going to be very tough because @GeraldoRivera has the contacts with big money but Leeza deserves it!
@IgnatiusGReilly: @charlescwcooke @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews will you cry when Marco Amnesty loses nomination?
@bdean1468 @jlangdale @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @CNN SAY IT LOUD &amp; SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!
Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- 
@TejadaDennes: @realDonaldTrump Crippled America is an incredible book! People need to read truth. #HispanicsForTrump #DemocratsForTrump
Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
@realmissalusa: What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. @realDonaldTrump ud83dudc51u2728
Via @trscoop: u201cMark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and sheu2019s not treated this way!u201d 
@Sherry09 @realDonaldTrump Please announce that you're running for president soon. We all need some hope for the future!
In the ridiculous @JebBush ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesn't allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!
@realBrockDriver: Would give anything for @realDonaldTrump to run for President!! If there's anyone who can fix our country, it's him!!
@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump Your performances in every state have been amazing! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump @YankeeRunnerLV You need to be the President Thank you.
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
@la_loquita: @realDonaldTrump working hard daily, and waiting for when you announce that you're going to make a run to rescue our country!!
@josemen31: @realDonaldTrump this Mexican here loves you man!! Keep doing your thing #mexicolovestrump  Great!
My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thanks. 
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. It's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much.
@Terramarkov16: @Terramarkov16 @realDonaldTrump: I think the ladies team will fire the blonde who dissed her team. Respect. #Apprentice
@BADfundraisers: @realDonaldTrump All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump 2016! I do love winning!
There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
@BonnieKit: Thank you America Ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from Mexico. One more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken
@joyciej2: @realDonaldTrump Have a great rally !!!#Trump2016
@CAC8438: He supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that Trey Gowdy is going to campaign with him.
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?! - my @SRQRepublicans speech.
Put the glamour, beauty &amp; mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also, &amp; most importantly, the Oscars need credibility.
@DonaldTrumpFink: .@GovMikeHuckabee: If  Donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than Hillary will. #GOPDebate
@LeezaGibbons: u201c@KellyMcKayShow: @LeezaGibbons @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump already set the DVR for Sunday and Monday. #TVgeeku201d
@fubaglady: .@npomalley  @YossiGestetner You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters can't stand &amp; who's over stayed his welcome?
@VoteDonaIdTrump: @realDonaldTrump @Renhowe @donlemon @CNN we love trump
.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
@tahjeebriggs ready to gain some knowledge from multi-billionaire @realDonaldTrump. this weekend will be nothing less than EPIC
@magnifier661: @realDonaldTrump they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny #DemDebate #USADJT2016
How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.
@SharNeal: ANY conservative candidate who disses DonaldTrump's stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for US first over Illegals.
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
@ChefMama32: @realDonaldTrump Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS
.@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
@lancebagley1: @realDonaldTrump Lend Us your Steel. Run. Run. RUN. #Trump2016
@saints_74: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile i agree it is the ONLY phone company that doesn't give u service in central louisiana.
@GappistanRadio: Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz are not the answers. America needs Trump to send Hillary packing and make USA great again!
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate 
@boreed615: Donald Trump retakes lead in GOP race; Ted Cruz makes gains: poll: 
@PearlsPolkaDots: @realDonaldTrump Loved the show! Best #SNL in years! #TrumpTrainSNL
@pcufinn: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you put a TRUMP fence up and do us all a favor. Great idea.
@jhspraggins: @herself311 @GeraldoRivera's ego is outta control! I believe he's trying to upstage Trump, but that will never happen.
.@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
@midniteracers: @realDonaldTrump Gets my vote for President. He's my hero! When I grow up I want to be like him.
@SFC17972: Hearing you is a great way to start the week! Country needs true leadership.Hope to see your name on the ballot!!@foxandfriends
The top course on the west coast @TrumpGolfLA overlooks Pacific Ocean &amp; offers a luxurious public golf experience 
@JenniferJJacobs: Iowa's RNC committeewoman Tamara Scott praises Trump and asks why the RNC would not be thrilled with his candidacy.
.@PolitiTrends @realdonaldtrump is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via 
@VYlvisaker: @AnnCoulter  TRUMP HAS STAMINA, HE IS WORKING HARDER THAN ANY OTHER CANDIDATE. He REALLY loves AMERICA . He deserves to win.
Via @wsoctv by @BlairWSOC9: EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump talks possible presidential runn
@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump If this country is still existing with Obama in charge, then imagine if Trump was prez! It would be awesome.
@RossMahan1952: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Like Harry Truman, you tell them the truth and they think it's hell. Give em hell Donald
Trump to host #Oscars? 
Our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. It's time to do it! Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
@ColetonEmr: Really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday. Thanks for coming to the Woodlands! :) ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 @realDonaldTrump Thanks.
I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released. - my  @SRQRepublicans speech
@Rhumeey: I really would want to see what America would look like...with @realDonaldTrump at the helm of affairs. 
@ericbolling, watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten.
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews.  A wonderful and talented guy!
@NickDallman: @realDonaldTrump You're the most logical person I follow on Twitter!
Via @NYDailyNews by Rich Schapiro: Donald Trump slams Mitt Romney, Jeb Bush 
#CelebApprentice who do you think won?
@YankeeRunnerLV: Bought 2 bottles of #Empire Cologne/Deodorant so that I can smell like a winner&amp;a PRESIDENT! #Trump2016 #PleaseRun #Thanks
When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on!
I will be on with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016
@RealCinders2: @realDonaldTrump use SNL to tell Hispanics you are for them , you want them to have jobs and be here legally Great idea!
When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!
President Obama, our great leader, wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the massive storm.
@KristyHernandez: Looking forward to #CelebApprentice Season 15!!! My favorite show ud83dude0d @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC
The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable u2013 causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 n#NHPolitics #FITN 
Via @zpolitics: u201cDonald Trump Sends Message to @GaRepublicansu201d 
@GreeneyesA78: @realDonaldTrump Don't ever change who you are!!ud83dude0a I promise!
Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC, @BilldeBlasio, just called me a blow hard!
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
@C_Archaeology: @realDonaldTrump is our only hope @littlebytesnews #tcot
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
#TrumpAdvice 
u201cTrump on Romney: u2018You Just Canu2019t Give Him Another Chanceu2019:Some golfers can't sink the 3 ft. putt.u201d 
Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped.
@ahansen20: @realDonaldTrump Trump National Doral = Beatiful, amazing, &amp; #BestShowersEver...and Gary Players pics in my room doesn't hurt!
@notTeridax: hey @realDonaldTrump you'd be the best president ever if you ran, right now you're hotter than ever!
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
@JPWV64 @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly I am with you Mr Trump! I want to make America great again. It can be! Our spirit is not broken
@TalkerNewYorker  I love the Trump Family. They have done so much just in #NYC, how lucky other parts get to benefit! #GoodFamily
@SennieC: @realDonaldTrump all the athletes are doing great!
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world
Congratulations to the 7 @TrumpCollection properties who made @USNewsTravel's Best Hotels List: 
More Bush cronyism u2013 u201cJeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trailu201dn  
@DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS 5-DAY ROLLING POLL: TRUMP 34%, CARSON 19.6%, RUBIO 9.7%, CRUZ 7.7%... Thank you - a great honor!
Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
@JordanWells119: I forgot how much I love #TheApprentice and Trump, so glad I'm watching this season! All hail king @realDonaldTrump
@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying that you have a productive day. Give God thanks. He gave you the ability to succeed. Thank you.
@kingkript: @realDonaldTrump @stephenfhayes trump for president
@TheBrianMo: The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From @RealDonaldTrump 
@ByronYork: In new Bloomberg poll, Donald Trump ahead of Christie Cruz Carson Huckabee Fiorina Graham Jindal Kasich Perry Santorum.
@danforc  as a legal immigrant I'm so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here Thx
@RagingCynicism: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor they're not Trump haters. They're spoon fed morons.
@mattgiese: Get rid of @KenyaMoore already @realDonaldTrump. She's a bitch no matter who she's with. #CelebrityApprentice
See, the attack  very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision. 
@IvoryRymes: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!! Thanks.
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems.
@CalebRapoport: @realDonaldTrump for president 2061!
@GardiBates: @ananavarro @cnn @realDonaldTrump Why are you even on tv? U sound like nails on a chalkboard. Biased against Trump.  So true!
.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
@bryt1330: I get into so many arguments over #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump but I think he could ACTUALLY change this county for the better
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing @NYTimes by the @WashingtonPost: n
Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00.
@paulkellysr  Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her.
@SNLstar: @realDonaldTrump I Loved ever minute! Never a dull moment on #CelebrityApprentice
Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
@heidimac60: @realDonaldTrump Great job on #KellyFile now I'm BUSTING to know if ur running! ! ud83dudc4dud83dudc4dud83dudc4aud83dudc4aud83dude30

@patmc454: DonaldTrump Quit lolly gagging! Announce you're running already! We need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world
Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!
@760_831: @DanSaltsman @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump i have faith he will win and save America
@adamodell: @realDonaldTrump just wanted to say I am loving the US celebrity apprentice on bbc1 in the UK , great show and celebrities!
@virgiegurl: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump AWESOME TEAMS TONIGHT. ..!!! PRICELESS
@tr123xyz: @realDonaldTrump Excellent appearance on O'Reilly Factor tonight. The smart guy is what this country needs.
@JetRanger69: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier WAS A DISASTER ALSO.
@ZephyrusMatrix: Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary
@markpryceagee: I believe Donald Trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the Republican Party. #Trump16 I do also!
.@NRO  Not much is as dead or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!
Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
@Gamiliell: @mrsowaters54 @MsVivicaFox @realDonaldTrump @TheApprentice9 i think Ms Fox outclasses both of them #justamatteroftime ;)
@BradSaidWhat: @realDonaldTrump NEVER GIVE UP. You're our last hope!
@McCareyDanny: @realDonaldTrump How come @nbc is screwing #TheApprentice by burning off episodes so fast only one hour each?
@ChristianInst @MorenoDadKC @BarbaraGarro The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision.
@delonte3ast: Tom Brady is about to win the next 5 Super Bowls and visit @realdonaldtrump in the White House. Very cool!
@d_bunzz: @realDonaldTrump The donald looking good in the red tie on David letterman #VoteRed #2016
@moose_taz: @foxandfriends thinking @realDonaldTrump might be what this country needs a change from career politicians
@Mike_Beacham: Trump Leads, Jeb Slips, Rubio Crashes In WSJ/NBC News Poll 
@MJVictory:  Hi DT! I heard you on Imus &amp; you spoke w/clarity &amp; purpose. You're right, it's not a game, it's dire straits. PLEASE RUN!
@philly_phily: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile   at&amp;t is the best
@scooper1949P: Hello Mr. Trump. I am very proud of you for saying what you said about Guns in Paris. I hope you become President.
Should not pass--bad deal! 
.@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@DavidHerjavec @realDonaldTrump completely right on China...just watch the news #GoTrump
@JoeyL3rd: @foxandfriends @EricTrump Grt interview, I'm telling ya, @realDonaldTrump children r going 2 b a HUGE asset 2 him &amp; his campaign
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
@finndango: @ConcernedChick @Kateplusmy8  @KenyaMoore And now trying to rewrite herself as honest person who refused to do drama. Ha!
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. u2013 John Quincy Adams
@Linsinn: @realDonaldTrump Yes! #CelebrityApprentice on now, been waiting for months! #CelebApprentice
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!
@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump While the former KGB Putin gets softballs, Trump gets the Matt Harvey fastball and hits it out of the park.
@RyanJacob56: @realDonaldTrump run for president please
@L3nny85: Perhaps it's time we bring back the #American #Empire , Mista Trump @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@FREDOSANTANASS: @realDonaldTrump is a great leader and definitely someone I look up to. Great role model Thanks.
@KentBulle: Heading to @realDonaldTrump Trump International in West Palm for a match with @MarkSilvers3 @gene_sauers and Mike Goodes.
@1970Rachael: @crazymamaa  @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump I'm mad @nbc rushed this season, they cheated the viewers/celebrities/sponsors
@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Trump will be great on protecting 2A rights!
@TheDeckerFiles: @realDonaldTrump people are talking about you running for the prez.
@Jdwillms1Jeff: @realDonaldTrump You are the best choice to turn around the country.
Watch @ApprenticeNBC episode 2 online again via @nbc: u201cNobody Out Thinks Donald Trumpn  
Via cnsnews by @SJonesCNS: u201cTrump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'u201d 
@OwnageGiraffe:I was watching your commentary on the upcoming Presidential campaign. You're absolutely right about Mitt &amp; Jeb #Donald4Pres
@wizHether: DonaldTrump Keep it up! They're attacking you because they're afraid. You're winning! We who love our country have your back!
@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood.  Watch.
@Einsteinrevisit: @megynkelly @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump LOVE the TRUMP!
@redrocket951: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Geraldo needs to shut tf up #CelebApprentice
@FreedomsPatriot: @P4tR10tBoo @souperfan2012 @souperfan2013 @wolfman708 @dryheat115 Mr. @realDonaldTrump made ud83dudc4d&amp;ud83dudc4a impression.
Happy Birthday to the great @BillyGraham. He's done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
@RaxsonDFS: There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest #POTUS ever! Thanks
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
Thank you @CarlHigbie. Great work on @CNN. #Trump2016
@PharmStudents18: Next president of the United States of America. @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 you've got my vote.
@bdean1468 The alpha male in the 2016 race: @realDonaldTrump nHe has real success stories, tons of money, confident, &amp; he's his own backer
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio
@iBusinessLounge: @realDonaldTrump and Parlux Fragrances Partner To Launch Second Fragrance For Men. #iBusinessLounge #Business
@gennyhatesyou: If you wanna make money stick with what you know and love - Donald Trump
@Jamesppierce: These 5 make @realDonaldTrump look like Winston Churchill #DemDebate  Cute!
Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
@MisterGoldiloxx:  @michaelUrso2 @FoxNews Megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow. #ItIsntAboutHer
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@PaulaPedene: Trump Leads GOP, Carson Stays Strong, Rubio 3rd: Poll 
@SallyAvicii2014:  @realOllieTaylor Agree This is The Only Time #Americans have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!
I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
@reganharycki: @realDonaldTrump it's about time we find a republican that can take on the democrats! 
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
@MalachiNorris: Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream.
@alyssathgreat:  u201cSenJohnMcCain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. These #veterans are living in hell.u201d #OReillyFactor
Why do people give @KarlRove contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win? 
@JewNamedLew: @realDonaldTrump @Macys to pay $650,000 settlement over racial profiling... 
@frankieguy85: This 92-Year-Old Woman Registered to Vote Just to Cast a Ballot for Trump 
@phillynutt68: My only Question to @realDonaldTrump how do you handle all these Celebs? Crazy! My hats off to you!
@eddiebrognano:  ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault.
u201cDonald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4thu201d  
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary @BarbaraJWalters. Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS @WNTonight
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
Thanks Mark, will be fun. 
@RealPro4Real:  The PGA Grand Slam of Golf will be held at @TrumpGolfLA :-) 
@itsblakec: @realDonaldTrump we are tired of lies. Trump 2016
@AAcrowellt: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president im voting for you Great.
@RichardIrace  @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Great property!  We had an amazing conference here last week! Thanks.
Great, thanks. 
Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
@Lisaowens1989  @realDonaldTrump please run for president and get our country running better!
@sr_stocks: @WSJ @realDonaldTrump winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016
@DNorrell: @Judgenap @freedomlives999 DonaldTrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. All the rest all talk
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!
@Eryn3043: It was so great to see Joan Rivers back on my TV screen, truly miss her ud83dudc9c Thank you DonaldTrump. I love watching The Apprentice
@velvet2708: @realDonaldTrump @kristinkgl @megynkelly I'll vote for trump in a heart beat. Not a politician but a very smart man True.
@_Snurk: We need @realDonaldTrump to save the day! We're not worryin' at all bc Donal Trump is ON THE WAY 2016!! Listen for his call!
@Packerlegends: @realDonaldTrump Trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money, not waste it. True.
@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Mr Trump glad to hear you say We are going to make this Country Great Again! Your honest you tell it like it
@DanScavino: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump  @GeraldoRivera is the male version of @OMAROSA from 7 years ago! #JustSaying #CelebrityApprentice
#TrumpAdvice 
Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
@TMAC7771: @realDonaldTrump run 4 president we need your business mind to make America great again
TPP does not stop Japanu2019s currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
Via @TheTodaysGolfer u201cTrump @TurnberryBuzz transformation on courseu201d 
It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
Via @CarrGaz: u201cTrump to jet in to unveil Trump @TurnberryBuzz clubhouseu201d 
@MikeDemkiw: @realDonaldTrump Kevin Jonas is a very strong player, surprised.
A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the teamu2014no interest! 
@reallyo1: @realDonaldTrump @MarkSimoneNY Don't let the jackals in the media trip u up. Their getting desperate
u201cWATCH: @MissUniverse contestants golf with Donald Trump @TrumpDoralu201d 
@JoeQuinn6: @realDonaldTrump America needs your leadership. Please run for President 
@TGambinoVent: #CelebrityApprentice @KenyaMoore go home please! @realDonaldTrump plez help! Love the show but, she's trying to be @OMAROSA
@russiannavyblog: @Joe3957 @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews If there is anything America desperately needs, it's a Trump run!
.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily 
.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
@welolawants: ud83dudc94ud83dude14Bittersweet to see the very missed &amp; very talented @Joan_Rivers on @TheApprentice9. @realDonaldTrump
@Patti_Page: I voted 4 @oreillyfactor:Poll:Who do YOU want to run4president on the Republican side?Vote here: 
@NaomiEpstein: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Kenya Moore will be omarosa redux. That attitude is boring. She needs to go.
@LeeMiracle3: @FoxNews @CharlesHurt @realDonaldTrump Trump listening to voters, unlike GOP
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan. Only you can really make america great again #Trump2016
@RM_MMBtuGirl: @realDonaldTrump isn't it refreshing?! There's hope. Keep up the good work.
.@seanhannity  Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
@hmackie11: @realDonaldTrump Melania as First Lady.. She'll go down in history as the most gorgeous First Lady EVER  TRUE!
@ArrestJOEPA: @realDonaldTrump and @terrellowens sounds like a dream team
@gegco: @seanhannity Great interview with @RandPaul It will b interesting 2 c if @realDonaldTrump runs.If so I hope u get 2 interview him.
@bridgetmarie89: Out of ALL the politicians in Washington, not ONE can #savesaeed imprisoned and tortured in #Iran for being a Christian
.@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: u201cTrump on 2016 Run: I Would Self-Fund, Appoint Wall Street Expertsu201d 
@TimJonesCFA: 2 minutes 20 in, politicians need lobbyist money.I don't, I have lots of money 
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not  stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
By @kwrcrow: u201cNY Post caught 'LYING' Again!u201d 
@JohnSte38475254: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews  ...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I don't get it...are they idiots?
Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York has received great acclaim, as has our signature restaurant, Jean Georges 
@seankesser: @LoreleiJP @realDonaldTrump @VeryOddDog Trump himself never ever filed for bankruptcy So true, thank you!
@Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump: I Would Simplify Tax Code as President 
@t9862ander: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @MsVivicaFox @LeezaGibbons @nbc stay on top of @Kateplusmy8. She's got to go
@kristinkgl: @megynkelly At this point I'm voting for Trump! @realDonaldTrump Very smart!
@llambert0207 I've always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman #power #donaldtrump
@WeWantMitt2016: Like a kid waiting for Christmas morning,we're awaiting your announcement in June or July. #Trump 
@lanas05: @realDonaldTrump With all drama experience you gain in the boardroom, you could start a theatre company. #TheApprentice
@MollyCBS2:  @realDonaldTrump will speak @ #Chicago city club today; Reports claim 2,000 people are on the WAITING LIST to get in!
@brwneyesnbama: Great morning, coffee and @realDonaldTrump on @FoxNews this morning. Doesn't get much better than that. #foxandfriends
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I donu2019t want to waste my money.
@madscape: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews and millions will agree with you! Most of us on twitter now view OAN network
@DinoPetrongolo: @realDonaldTrump 2016
@CatchMeOnForbes: I would love to just chill and talk with @realDonaldTrump about life. Man is a genius!  Thanks.
@amsardina: @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson kick there ass Trump
@TaneRollins:  U NEED to run against Romney/Bush. You know infinitely more about economics. But you must publicly criticize them #GOP
@JWbananastand: @nbcsnl I think I just heard @realDonaldTrump's ratings go up another 5% #Trump #SNL
Via @KCRG by @markwcarlson: u201cDonald Trump stops in Coralvilleu201d 
@EndlessMike03: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor OMG awesome! What time zone!?
@SkeeterSpinello:Trump might be the the smartest business man alive.But it's your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field
.@davidaxelrod, use Buffet, Icahn, Sam Zell, Leon Black, Kravis, Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws, not me!
@gochico: @realDonaldTrump @hillarysusans @GOP I don't think they are discounting Trump. He hasn't said if he is running yet.
.@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!
New Reuters poll - thank you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@calenih71: @realDonaldTrump I am sick of Geraldoud83dude01ud83dude01
@Rsherfy: @realDonaldTrump @macresslertech @taylorj0103 Mr. Trump I would vote for you, we need to make America great again....
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
@velvet2708: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends when Donald Trump speaks, you listen. Like you should for a real president. #TrumpForPresident
@mills0210: @terrellowens what the celebrity apprentice &amp; as a Cowboy fan, I'm rooting for u!!! ud83dudc95 @realDonaldTrump
@JenniferJJacobs: Trump: Protect the 2nd amendment...And by the way weu2019re going to be saying Merry Christmas again. Iowa crowd LOVES it.
@JPMORGAN2016: @realDonaldTrump @Peggynoonannyc TRUMP IS WINNING BY SO MUCH MORE, IT'S NEAR 60% NATIONALLY. THEY ARE ALL BIASED POLLS!!!!
@LeeEllmauerJr: LEGAL Latino Immigrants talk to me in factories &amp; warehouses. Want to know why OBAMA to give AMNESTY? They did it RIGHT!
@brandeenscott21: @realDonaldTrump @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs trump 2016 you have my vote
After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
.@peachespulliam at @TrumpTowerNY this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity. 
.@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
@charleswhite816: @realDonaldTrump @chuckiscool trump is best thing to happen in golf since graphite. Everything 1st class.  Thanks!
@CarolinaLive inside look at Donald Trump's private jet 
@AmieeSurratt: Love it! I hope you do run: we need a change sir @realDonaldTrump
@eliastahan: @realDonaldTrump 2016
@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice
True! 
@MyIntersperse: Everyone including @JohnLegere knows @TMobile sucks.. @realDonaldTrump - Why don't you buy @TMobile &amp; call it TrumpMobile?
@Kbrozz26: @realDonaldTrump I don't watch a lot of T.V but couldn't wait for Celebrity Apprentice. It was great!!
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so. 
@NicoleAMarin: You're Fired! It's music to my ears when it comes from @realDonaldTrump mouth! Why a commercial?!? #CelebrityApprentice
@BlueWaterDays: Would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office DonaldTrump
The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
@AndyBran: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly great job Mr. Trump! I will be 100% in your corner if you choose to make America great again!
@mccull0817: @realDonaldTrump @ShawnJohnson calls the show evil and that is FUN??
@me_lisa_m: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Just updated voter registration in FL #VoteTrump
@suttera2: @realDonaldTrump They'll repay us by giving us higher gas prices! True!
@littlevd23: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan The word spectacular, magnificent and amazing describe anything Mr.Trump puts his name on!
@LeStudio1: DONALD TRUMP-CRIPPLED AMERICAnThe new book by @realDonaldTrump is best seller in the making.
.@JebBush has spent  $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!  @hughhewitt
@lucascoon1: @realDonaldTrump Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more
.@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parentsu2014fantastic people. Keep your sisteru2019s very important memory aliveu2014big impact!
@woody021072: @realDonaldTrump  Nothing,  as they always do
@Knight276: Being a great president requires great negotiating skills. Trump, a master negotiator, can make America great again. True!
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
@spankemewanke18: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump #2016
@ThisIsBillG: West Coast, get ready! @realDonaldTrump truly delivers on two amazing hours of television tonight!  @ApprenticeNBC
@KenPettigrew: Don't slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Don't leave us with Jeb!
@Aschultz2014: @realDonaldTrump Best @ApprenticeNBC cast ever!! Love @IanZiering and so glad @Kateplusmy8 wasn't fired! #notlazy
Via the New York Times 
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
@spirtualhappy: First thing I see when I log unto twitter is @realDonaldTrump #goodmorning trumpy Great.
@AlbertoMarsano: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to seeing you in Reno Nevada this Thursday! Nevada stands with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Nice.
@Patrick92299179: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Couldn't agree more!
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@kgregoryy: @realDonaldTrump are you ever going to announce your bid or is this a 2012 replay? Big fan, but tired of waiting. Stay tuned!
@NathanErbland   I agree------&gt; The 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege! @realDonaldTrump
@bkura99: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run for president! #Trump2016
@VickyBrush:  Do what most of us are doing! Turn off @FoxNews! There is a major boycott going on with them, anyway. Problem solved!
@SCOTTMALOUFF: @realDonaldTrump you have to run!! Your next!!
For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration.
@jaazee1: @CNN anchor's shocked that DonaldTrump's  comments resonate with GOP base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too.
Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
@MellysModern: So ready for @realDonaldTrump to do this! Keep it up, you've got 'em scared!
@bobbybnews: The only person running for President that will not betray America  for money is Donald Trump. Fox is cutting him down=Reagan!
@JayknightJay: @RealBenCarson good morning. Easy on each other &amp; finish off the establishment guys. They hope you 2 will fight it out.True
@BeetaBenjy: I really, genuinely love @realDonaldTrump. A man of reason.
@DdEeSsM: This planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome @realDonaldTrump in charge! #donaldforpresident
.@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M.
I would feel sorry for @JebBush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
@ann_txpurple: @AJ_13_Hulton Go Donald ud83dude04. Saying go for itud83dudca5. I think you would make a great President but miss you on Apprentice
@FrankLuntz: Trump is leading with almost every major group of Republican primary voters. 
@elifourv: @realDonaldTrump You're really the best, Trump!
Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?
@Brad_Carley: @realDonaldTrump Awesome Job on Letterman, great interview!
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean... 
A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgopu200b for hosting! Letu2019s Make America Great Again!
@queenOFspice: I follow @realDonaldTrump in hopes he'll drop some knowledge that'll make me as rich as him
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
@foxandfriends: Coming up at 7:35am/et, @realDonaldTrump joins us live!
@Chris_R_2014: @GeraldoRivera I'm with @realDonaldTrump , The new WTC is not grand. It should've been much, much more grand.
Getting ready to go on @KellyandMichael - two great people!
All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others,  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
Congratulations to @TrumpWaikiki for being selected as Best of +VIP Access 2014 by @Expedia!
A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!
@ddobbs5253: @realDonaldTrump our country needs you to run for President and save our country. Make Us Great Again!!!!
@pctech181: For American prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. Donald Trump for President 2016-24.
@AdriannaMarie: @realDonaldTrump People always take cheap shots at you,they can't handle the truth.You tell it like it is.They're cowards.
Great poll numbers out of @UMassAmherst. Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
@CahlRStorrie: For my birthday today I'd like to see @realDonaldTrump make it official that he's running for president! #DT2016 #Trump2016
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
@StuartY19 @realDonaldTrump Celebrity apprentice is great, got right into the series, big fan of it now!  Great!
.@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those  suffering!
Few people know that  @FortuneMagazine is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
@kylesteckel: @club4growth @realDonaldTrump The letter is out, liars.
The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me just a little but is very false!
@hogan211: @realDonaldTrump I have had it with career politicians.. You will have my vote Mr. Trump!!! Nobody owns you!
@apageor2  Very good, must be tough!
@Greg39529063:  @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
u201c@MissUSA Nia Sanchez of Nevada is ready for @missuniverseu201d 
@AmyMek The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed &amp; calls out their lies
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
Let's go! #CelebApprentice
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel, Ireland, is located on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare. Spectacular! 
@BelAirCA: Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in, that's why he has my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump   So true!
@JNOBOA23: @realDonaldTrump this country needs a strong business mind to get it back on the right financial track and you have that mind!
Donald Trump plans return to Iowa n
@PaleoBuilder: After I complete reading @Schwarzenegger autobiography I will read your book; Trump Never Give Up. You're an inspiration !
@SueSabo: MEDIA WANTS A PUPPET.WE WANT DONALD TRUMP TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, LAST CHANCE TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT 
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- 
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
@mhaston15: @realDonaldTrump it will be if Kenya goes home. She is a ridiculous untalented egotist.
@LinFlies  @califortrump @realDonaldTrump  we love #TrumpForPresident &amp; thankful
Received a standing ovation in packed house @MorningsideEdu after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again! 
Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!
Iu2019ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas. 
Tune into the legendary @BarbaraJWalters at 10pmE onn@ABC2020 tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour @ABC #ABC2020! 
@Patrick0215: @Thatsalrighty @oreillyfactor @FoxNews @KarlRove Rove is suffering from @JebBush defeatism. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@Smilin_Smuggler @realDonaldTrump You have my vote! #trumpforpresident #Trump2016
@enoeht85: @realDonaldTrump run #tramp run!!!!
@CRENpolitics: Geraldo and Sig are a disaster on this boat tour @realDonaldTrump
.@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!
@JimmyHanlin: @realDonaldTrump your course stood tall last week. You should be proud. Not to many places can stand up to those big boys!
@FrankLuntz: I'm getting a lot of @MegynKelly hatemail tonight. ud83dude06 #GOPDebate She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite
Happy Birthday President Reagan #FlashbackFriday 
@iamapatsfan: I would rather Donald Trump be the president than Jeb Bush. Would do a much better job!
@drdoucette: #MissUniverse DonaldTrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. We need you Mr Trump
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. -- Thomas Edison
@danscire @realDonaldTrump Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful!  Thanks. Enjoy!
@traapgawddd: @realDonaldTrump kick Obamas ass and run for president already.
@NatashaOwnfan:  @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump yes Rockettes, broadway, and those celebrities there have themselves as props HELLO?
Via @KingwoodNews by @JayRJordan:: u201c@TXPatriotsPAC gives public a chance to hear Trump speaku201d 
@gpavlik7  1/2 of new California driveru2019s licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac' Bee, July 17th. Go get'em, Trump!
@AnitaMarkdjones: @realDonaldTrump agree , he has my vote !!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes.
@rickyricardo722: @realDonaldTrump I'd work like a dog to help Trump get elected, no politician can fix the mess in Washington. #Trump2016
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Letu2019s Make America Great Again 
@Stallion2011: @GlennThrush Liar. Forbes has @realDonaldTrump net worth at $4 billion.
@DanielaMarino: @FoxNews enough with #Bush #Clinton and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one
@MichaelDaudel @realDonaldTrump Thank you sir for your words of inspiration to entrepreneurs.  My pleasure. Work hard!
Thank you - New Hampshire!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
@KenyaMoore: u201c@Mr_Noguez: Trump recognized Kenya's effort #CelebApprentice that's good @KenyaMooreu201d @realDonaldTrump thank u!
El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our borderu2014it's been revealed he has CA drivers license. 
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!
Thank you @mcuban for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan!n   
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! @SCTeamTrump #Trump2016 
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump Fed UP with stupid polititians! Donald Trump is SMART! He can make things GO! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!
What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics. @oreillyfactor
@4kmiddlebrook: DonaldTrump has been Building / Stimulating Cities around the Globe his whole life #WorldChampion #RebuildAmerica Thanks
@Polling: DonaldTrump's and BenCarson's support up since Sept as they head into tomorrow's @CNBC #RepublicanDebate 
@cmrose111: @realDonaldTrump  @CNBC  get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country.
@Louisiana_BBW: @tborio @realDonaldTrump That's what I said too. That's something everyone knows about NYC and it's a huge celebration.
Good advice from my mother: nTrust in God and be true to yourself. -- Mary Trump
@michaelhenry123: .@KatiePavlich is trying hard but apparently DonaldTrump is not looking to engage. No idea who she is, sounds dumb!
@ofccadjust: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN DVR SET!
@MichaelMPierce: Watching @ApprenticeNBC for the first time ever. Love it so far! @realDonaldTrump
I would like to thank @GolfMagazine for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time).
@idiotninja24: @TrumpVancouver @realDonaldTrump I see you.... Looking good! #Vancouver 
@JaniceSaulnier1: Keep trying different hotels while in Vegas, so far TRUMP is the easy winner... BY FAR in every way Wow! @realDonaldTrump
@CathyFuregno: Mr. Trump it is time to be serious and run for president. Bring America back to its greatness with dignity I feel you have.
@stephenfhayes: Trump: I have made a fortune against China.I know all of the killers on Wall Street. Trump v China? China has no chance!
@StephenMangan: Enjoying @realDonaldTrump's thinking face 
@HoganSeaisle129: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump yay Joan Rivers is back #CelebApprentice #gonetoosoon
@nicolesavilla: #trumpforpresident hell yes!!! I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump in a heartbeat!!!
@paulomyftaraj: @realDonaldTrump is great, gosh darn we need him as president, what a hero Thank you.
@jfgrcar: @realDonaldTrump Gentle Ben is no match for Putin or if the truth be told even for Hilary. USA needs a winner.
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
@ibleedcoffee: Just deleted the @Macys app off my phone. It's a shame, We used to spend thousands there a year. No more. #BoycottMacys
Donald Trump: Jeb Bush's Support of Common Core 'a Disaster' 
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyleru2019s song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
@nbcsnl: One more day! Donald Trump hosts #SNL with @Sia tomorrow. 
@iammetx: Love @realDonaldTrump comment about what @KenyaMoore said about LR. LMAO!!!@BrandiGlanville #CelebApprentice #teambrandi
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
@Elgianne: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to your announcement! u2764ufe0fud83cuddfaud83cuddf8u2764ufe0f
@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @michaeljohns @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016
@StreckerJosh: The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones.
@Richard__Lewis: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you could become the best POTUS of all time. Your business scorecard speaks for itself. Thanks.
@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @amstaffbru I have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive. Trump can make America great again!
@EmitteLucemTuam: @realDonaldTrump @EricShawnonFox Great job Donald! Good luck from Canada!
@azuriterealtor: @realDonaldTrump @erintighe_  Keep going on,  you can win!
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
@TheWTFTahoe: @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you @JakeTapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016
One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the great @jacknicklaus by his wonderful son 
A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
@MichaelCohen212: .@realDonaldTrump @OANN no one is even close to #Trump
@AngelaTN777: @gochico @realDonaldTrump: He STANDS UP for what he believes in!! regardless if all people like it. #Hasmyrespect&amp;Vote
@JohnNew2015:  @lance_combrink Well, @KarlRove is an establishment hack big government RINO whose only hope is @JebBush - That's sad, eh!?
@sean:  Icahn,Kravis,Buffet &amp; many other top business men've taken advantage of corporate bankruptcy law,yet people only point out Trump.
@BarbaraDeStasio: @realDonaldTrump GREAT debate, way to go!!
@sexy_keesh: Well damn @realDonaldTrump got straight to the point didn't ya? #CelebApprentice
@JoeDurak If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president.
We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
I will unveil my first campaign ads on @Morning_Joe at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit 
@MollyBozeman: I don't care what anyone says about him, I will always love @realDonaldTrump  Nice!
@Scotspolfed: Friendliness, professionalism &amp; sheer dedication of staff @TurnberryBuzz should be pointed out to the boss @realDonaldTrump
@dcfoodsafety: Mr.Trump, I tell people I am voting for you. When are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing? WATCH
#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from @TwitterNYC later this afternoon.
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC.u2026 
.@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number, your old oneu2019s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
@RioSunny3: @realDonaldTrump @WKRG I lived in New Jersey at that time and witnessed all that as well.
@KazmierskiR: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr OuTsTaNdInG!!! Is obvious that Jr. has much of his father's 'charisma' and intelligence!
@Addictd2Success: The Success of Donald Trump - 
.#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
@MarieLeff: Debate night! #TeamTrump16 is behind you 5000%  National Lead TRUMP 35.6% CARSON 21.7% 
Via @FSMtweet: u201cTrump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savageryu201d 
#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran. 
.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! 
Tonight's episode of @ApprenticeNBC is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it!
@LoriPatriot: 
@JSongseeker: @realDonaldTrump Please run Mr Trump. 
Congratulations to @joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her #SOTU response. Joni will be a great senator.
.@FrankLuntz, your so-called focus groups are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!
.@Franklin_Graham, so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
@Ashevillelaura: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Obama has no credibility on terrorist threats &amp; ISIS. Trump best to protect us
Remember, official campaign merchandise (hats, apparel etc.) can only be bought at 
Via @politico by u201cPoll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshireu201dn  
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
@c_shepler: @realDonaldTrump This trooper needs you to run 
Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?
Great! 
@Tirolian2: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN # TRUMP is Unstoppable ud83dude80 ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8  Thank you.
Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! 
@rodsandguitars: @danaperino just lied about DonaldTrump - Dana, Trump Did NOT say ALL are criminals &amp; rapists .. #ProudAmerican#NoLying
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
Via @ABCPolitics by @ajdukakis &amp; @rickklein: Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016 
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
@greta: @hillarysusans @realDonaldTrump I had so much fun doing that interview - so different from the usual OTR
.@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
@rua1ri: @realDonaldTrump your what America needs Donald!  Thank you.
New Gravis Poll in NH just out:  Trump 32%, Carson 13%  
@hoban36:  Sig &amp; Johnny Damon are good guys. Met Damon several times last at Eric Trump's St JUDES Event he is always the gentleman.
@Josh_leonard99: If America was as successful and planned like @realDonaldTrump we would be in good shape.
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
@MarkStahlbaum: Great job on O'Reilly @realDonaldTrump Stay who you are, it's refreshing.  #StayStrong
@ClayMKopplin: the Celebrity Apprentice is hands down the best show to watch because of @realDonaldTrump and I can't wait for the finale!
.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
@MyPresidentme: @realDonaldTrump @thehill She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE! #Trump2016
Entrepreneurs: It's often to your advantage to be underestimated.
@TinPotDickTator: DonaldTrump: Just imagine being sworn in Jan '17 &amp; as you bring your right hand down point at Barack &amp; say YOU'RE FIRED!
@BlessIsrael1948: @realDonaldTrump @mallhayden11 My Trump is a patriot.
Another great poll result! Thank you! 
@AuthorKnox: @ApprenticeNBC Pete Carroll need to be added to the show, worst play call in Superbowl History @realDonaldTrump fire his ass!
@rwerhle: @JonahNRO @realDonaldTrump @NRO He's a brilliant businessman - VERY TRUE!
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
@MichelleMeyer10: Donald, USA must NEVER allow Iran to make their chants death to America a reality
@Gaga_In_Fla: @AndreaTantaros @FoxNews @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump Well, not that it matters, I think Geraldo is a sanctimonious ass.
@SusanZoss: @realDonaldTrump Leza Gibbons hands down! Geraldo is too full of himself to be a true leader.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@Dmsrcmc12Bob: @realDonaldTrump They should all get on the Trump train!  So true!
Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
@Chrisofficer23: @realDonaldTrump @jenilynn1001 @FallonTonight loved the show....trump2016
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
@aews: Another clip that seems to vindicate The Donald... 
@coley716: It's a #CelebApprentice night!!!! Wonder who @realDonaldTrump will fire.
I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@Themyamccurry: Where's @realDonaldTrump when you need em? #MissUniverse2015
@Roolaloo: Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along with @realDonaldTrump and #DemDebate. Lets make America great again! #trump2016
@Mack_Theresa: Your family is beautiful. This is the 1st season that I have watched #celebrityapprentice. Gosh, I hope Leeza wins!
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at @TrumpDoral in Miami. 
@ElvinBerndt: @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere Guess @rootmetrics @JDPower Had it right. @VerizonWireless has the best wireless network.
@For2016: pundits love to take a snippet, out of context, from something DonaldTrump says, and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it
@KarlRove just totally bombed on @Morning_Joe. @FoxNews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  Fox should dump Rove.
@energypryde: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist Trump in office restores US swagger.
@lovusa4: @fpatterson1050 Kind Compassionate Heart! Proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have Dad's Heart! Thank you!
Dopey @BillKristol, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks, said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in.
@RD_2008: @JebBush Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio. @realDonaldTrump
@Doctor_Platek: @realDonaldTrump you said it best: Let's make America great again #Trump2016
@mrgardner81: @realDonaldTrump on letterman.. #classic
@RealReagan0503: If you missed it, here is the most popular link among people I follow 
I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
@therealTMac11: @NRA Non-hunters don't get it. The Hunting community raises over $2billion dollars annually for conservation. #googleit
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a tweeting skit, so stay tuned!
@eyetweethere: @realDonaldTrump best part of the show
@TaraHollyFigure: @realDonaldTrump we are counting on you, Mr. Trump. I believe you are the answer to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zellu2014but nobody says they went bankrupt!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
Thank you!! #Trump2016 n
@ColinSWood: @realDonaldTrump Donald, thank you for raising millions for charity on your show!
@sxeymoney: @realDonaldTrump for president.
@dlt912: @realDonaldTrump you definitely have my vote!ud83dudc4dud83cudffb
@KelliHeathman1: Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP 2016
@howddyd: @FoxNewsSunday @realDonaldTrump is correct u can't allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more $$$ holding up huge #'s of jobs.
@warrencasselljr: Just saw Trump's new video. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump 2016 will be interesting.  WATCH ALL! @BretBaier
@Figlo7 @realDonaldTrump Apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you haven't learned to LIE yet. Go Donald!
Congratulations to @TrumpChicago and @SixteenChicago for receiving the @AAANews Five Diamond Award again this year!
@CNN just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!
Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp; slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend.
@Chris_R_2014: @WendyPeters  America desperately needs leadership &amp; values. Obama is a disgrace. We need a winner, and that is Trump.
Via @rcpvideo: u201cDonald Trump on Who He Likes For President: Donald Trumpu201d 
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
@Keeping__Real: So good to see the @realDonaldTrump family out with him on the campaign trail! It really shows the family man that he is!
@njmusicfun: @GovChristie Watching @realDonaldTrump on #celebrityapprentice
@Dark_Red_Hair: .@realDonaldTRUMP - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR
@MotAmazeBeGREAT: Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. - Donald Trump #Inspirational @realDonaldTrump
@IsaacNewYorker: I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all Americans will be #Trump16
@erikmthompson: I just don't want #DonaldTrump to run for president because that would mean no more #TheApprentice  Donald Trumps Letterman
@pete_is_king: @PICA_59 @realDonaldTrump is he running? If he is @HillaryClinton might as well not even run.
@rona65: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @nbc good luck on your umpteenth season from the show Producer of show 1
Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll 
@mcgranejt: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump # 45 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@4kmiddlebrook: #Everyone @realDonaldTrump is the ONLY one who can beat Hillary
Via @peoplemag by @amandamichl: u201c@IvankaTrump: @Joan_RiversWas 'Very Warm' During Appearance on @ApprenticeNBCu201d 
@LmechX: @realDonaldTrump The Art of the Deal is a great read filled with excellent, real advice. Definitely worth a read.
@2009softail: You nailed it on @oreillyfactor tonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak 4 us
@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump @MenOfHistory The Art of the Deal is still the best book ever written on business and life in general! Thanks
Via RealClear Politics  
@tropic20: @realDonaldTrump do you see what's in Tom Brady's Locker? 
@SeddhmB: @realDonaldTrump i believe you have been called to take us to another level of prosperity and bring the American Dream back!
Entrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles.
.@_Just_Mads_ #asktrump 
Thanks.  
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Watch the 63rd Annual @MissUniverse Pageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM! 
@StaceyHunter10: DonaldTrump great brunch yesterday at Mar a Lago thank you for stopping to take a pic with our kids 
u201cAmericans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.u201d u2013 Pres. Ronald Reagan
@susanhoffman24: @realDonaldTrump obviously!! #weneedyou #Trump2016
@Desheay: @realDonaldTrump Your twitter banner is awesome. Cant wait for tomorrow.....TRUMP 2016..
@stkhlder3: @BrandiGlanville awww looks like such fun! #TeamBrandi I'm loving ya on @ApprenticeNBC !! Good job @realDonaldTrump
@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait till #tweetgate #celebrityapprentice simply the best!
@BucherBrandon:  Watching @realDonaldTrump 's show #CelebApprentice to see @BrandiGlanville
@MarkSimoneNY: @realDonaldTrump Slams Romney 2016: u2018He Choked like a Dogu2019 Last Time 
All new @ApprenticeNBC starts right now! 
Our amazing golf course @TrumpScotland 
Meet me at @TrumpTowerNY and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm! 
@TrumpDemocrats: Carson on @CNN now. He is worse than Jeb; like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump
Via @RedState by @EWErickson: u201cAlways Play On Offenseu201d 
@llhegarty_linda: @realDonaldTrump Yes! We are being attacked by so many! We need you to Get in and Get it Done #trump2016 #leadership
@DShimogawa: Another great #celebrityapprenctice #CelebApprentice tonight! @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump @nbc @Nordstrom
@julian771177: Mike Tyson endorses @realDonaldTrump 
@CoachZachCooper:  Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!
@DannyLofaro: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
@y2ej72: @realDonaldTrump #VOTEFORTRUMP
@Bunyolan: @realDonaldTrump Top5 The 63rd Miss Universe should be #USA #THAILAND #COLUMBIA #SPAIN #JAMAICA #MissUniverse
A great day in New Jersey for Trump! 
@smileygirl2328: @IanZiering love u on The Apprentice @realDonaldTrump
Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddyu2019s money. Canu2019t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016
.@MarketMavensInc #asktrump 
@PaulRSidneyUK: I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against
@george_frye: @realDonaldTrump Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!
It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
@toby_boyer: @realDonaldTrump we need you to save our country! #runforprez
Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
@LDHFab40: @KenyaMoore @dblanks @GeorgeMiguelC Even @realDonaldTrump admitted you were nice and a joy to work with.
Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!
@cota2012: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews it's amazing how people fear a change for the better
@ladycatherinecd @realDonaldTrump he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !  #Trump #tcot #Election2016
@edwards_cristy: @realDonaldTrump I hope that you will be the next POTUS.
@Knight276: @Writeonright @Real_Carl_Icahn @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls!
@AnnCoulter: AMAZING press conference by @realDonaldTrump w/ parents of kids killed by illegals.
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @CoachZachCooper AMERICA WANTS TRUMP
@Edward1:Trump Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. He'll deal with Putin more effectively than anyone.
The failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
Via Hardball with Chris Matthews   
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
@JoffCallaghan: Not sure why I didn't follow @realDonaldTrump before now. Seems like something I should have done ages ago...
@2bigj: @realDonaldTrump A lot of people I know are voting Trump in NC none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine.
Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: u201cTrump: 'I'm disappointed' in many Republicansu201d 
@tthompson67: I began reading @realDonaldTrump quotes and used them to motivate my staff yesterday. Stay tuned for results!
.@T-Mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke!
@AnonymouSyndica: Donald Trump: I Think Obama u2018Hates Israelu2019 
@jasonusmc2017: @blayne_troy @realDonaldTrump: He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor
@ElviNichols: Will @CNN be tough as they were with @realDonaldTrump ? Not sure..
@arabiangolftv: Great progress at #Akoya by @damacproperties architect Gil Hanse creating a masterpiece for #Dubai! 
@realDonaldTrump: I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
@cspanPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump remarks at @IowaGOP #LincolnDinner on @cspan 
@SEETEK_AU: Watch, listen, and learn. You canu2019t know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.u2015 Donald Trump
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
@jkapper15: @realDonaldTrump please deeply consider running for office. Cannot think of a better candidate #Trump2016  Thanks.
Iu2019ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. 
@CryptOhio: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP Melania would be the best looking First Lady we've had in a looong time.
I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line u201cMake America Great Againu201d. Typical pol- no imagination!
Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrumpu00a0Love it! Always respect FIGHTERS over overrated loser POLITITIANS!! Inspire GREATNESS! #TRUMP #2016
@TheRealRyder: You are a blessing to America, Mr. Trump. Thank you for all you are doing! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@back2reason: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for President Trump to put things in order in US. We desperately need patriot with,finally,brains
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of  world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@squirtlong: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Trumps the Man of 2016!
@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this crazy scary world we live in now!! God Bless you and yours
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
@santiagos58: YouGov National Poll  Donald Trump Continues To Dominate Field With All Demographics. The Last Refuge 
#IndianaJones and #Ghostbusters- what's wrong??? 
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@DGrant39107133: @nathanpaul1975 Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did
@bhill3333: We don't know Trump positions &amp; he's dominating polls. @GOP should learn we don't want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches #GOP
@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016
Ailsa Course changes: #TrumpTurnberry What a beautiful place!  
.@CNN @jaketapper at 9:00 A.M.
Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
I will be on @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett at 7PM. Tune in!n#Trump2016
@Artanis5: @DonaldJTrumpJr  @EricTrump As usual Celebrity Apprentice never fails to entertain-Another great season-Cant wait for finale
True, thanks. 
@essygalloway: @realDonaldTrump @nbcsnl @Sia  I can't wait to watch snl tomorrow. A really big show!
@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out, @FoxNews was not fair to Trump
@kneehighspy:  Mr. Trump keep us informed of your presidential bid, we really need some help out here for the common folk! #Trump2016
.@foxandfriends  in five minutes!
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power.
New @OANN national poll released. Thank you America! #Trump2016 
@Cola0531: @realDonaldTrump watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross, GA
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
@printingsharon: @realDonaldTrump   Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan
@ShellsterNYC: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC How many times does TO cry?
@Stann1s: @realDonaldTrump Wish you were president of the United States would be the greatest time to be living brother.
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
@1a0e358348904f5: We need a president that can get America back on track and get things done! @realDonaldTrump for president!
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers
@316Place: @realDonaldTrump @PGA_com changes at Turnberry makes me want to learn golf. Beautiful! Thank you, it will be even more amazing!
.@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
@bzocash: @realDonaldTrump that speech was inspiring Trump I'm with you
@stephenfhayes: Trump, on others who have spoken to #FITN in New Hampshire: With all the people you're listening to, you can forget it.
@williamonlyrent @realDonaldTrump Only a fool will underestimate #Trump2016. Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him.
@TomRichey: Enough of these party debates. What I wanna see is a @SenSanders vs @realDonaldTrump one on one debate! That would be easy!
@darcy027027:  @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Just In! 10/6/15 Morning Poll Trump +18% Trump 31 Carson 13 Rubio 10 Bush 7 Fiorina 6
@ajbruno14 Thanks, Old Post Office is hidden treasure, worth the time to visit!  It will be fantastic!
@Moseph81: u201c@CeIebHomes: Donald Trump's beach mansion is the biggest thing I've ever seen ud83dude33 
@doehillmeme: I'm with you, @realDonaldTrump!!
@rdbrewer4 Trump: Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate.  You're pissing off all the right people in the GOP.
@erotao: @realDonaldTrump Time for an Entrepreneur President, not one of these insipid morons that have never made a payroll.....
@EEGRC98: @realDonaldTrump I am Hispanic - I am with you
@scdaily4: @realDonaldTrump loving it....glad you're back. But we're wondering who is this season's @GaryBussey
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
@foxandfriends: Donald Trump: I Would Be the Jobs President 
@jeanne_mazzotta: @Macys @realDonaldTrump shame on you Macy's. Whatever happened to freedom of speech #cancelingmycard
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at @TrumpTowerNY.
I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy.
@RositaLacruz: I love you @realDonaldTrump I love yours books u2661u2661u2661 resgards from Venezuela!!!!
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family 
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
@Foreign_Blood: @realDonaldTrump Needs to run for president
@SpurrellJulie  First time in my life I wish I was an American citizen so I could vote for @realDonaldTrump !!
@GinaandersonRN: @realDonaldTrump ...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking#TRUTH
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for Trump according to @CNN!
@G87Mac: @realDonaldTrump Pinnacle of Chicago skyline #TRUMP 
@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile! Cute!
@RBransonNews: Is America ready for Donald Trump as president? 
@DesignerDeb3:  @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - &amp; jobs
@ApprenticeNBC: By the way u2014 you will NOT want to miss #Phonegate next week on #CelebApprentice. That's all we're gonna say.
@mitchellvii: My prediction on the Trey Gowdy endorsement of Rubio is that it will do nothing for Rubio and finish Gowdy.
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to @StephenAtHome 
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!
@PJAliveguy: No matter what @realDonaldTrump says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!
@SteveBashino:  Trump good for legal immigration, economy, defense, taxes, Social Security, Medicare, 2nd Amendment, and ALL Americans.
@AdiScurtu: Time for my weekly fix of #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump
@SmokyJacques: @realDonaldTrump waiting on Trump to Pump the economy!
Letu2019s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! 
@davidrwoods: @realDonaldTrump is 100% correct! You have so far made the most sacrifice! Thankfully.
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNews
@wendyb5372: @greta @realDonaldTrump I love Mr. Trump's honesty. We need an honest and passionate leader and FIRE THE REST!
@nbcsnl: What a show. Thanks for watching, everyone! #SNL 
@blayne_troy: @foxandfriends   Mr. Trump calls it like it is. HRC should be investigated, prosecuted and put in federal prison.
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
@Chevy_Mama: @realDonaldTrump I'm obsessed with @celebrityapprenticeNBC. Honestly,  Mr Trump, you are very inspiring
@nickcokley: @realDonaldTrump my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history.
Isn't it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
@patjeanes: @realDonaldTrump Im sure the show will be great, but you need to get on the campaign trail Watch!
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
@Bernardv777: I always new that and the idiots out there just prefer to be as they are ignorant spewing thoughts w/o merit Mr.President!
@dcfoodsafety:  Mr. Trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!
@Vanderpunked: Can we drop @realDonaldTrump off in the middle of #Baltimore so he can show Obama how it's done? I would fix it fast!
I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowdu2014sold out venue. @LandExpo @PeoplesCompany
@bperez733: @realDonaldTrump @Numerologynow Yes In Deed!! #TrumpforTriumph
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job D
@sammielicious4u: @BrandiGlanville oh and my apologies! How wonderful of @realDonaldTrump to give $25,000 to the CGuard. Amazing heartu2764ufe0f
.@FoxNews You shouldnu2019t have @KarlRove on the airu2014heu2019s a clown with zero credibilityu2014a Bushy!
u201cRUBIOu2019S GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALSu201d 
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
@blazaruk: RT Where the hell is global warming when you need it? I dearly hope you are able to take up the flag of the GOP in 2016
@christa_dorsett: @realDonaldTrump we want Trump! America needs him desperately!
@californguy: #TeamBrandi, I'm glad u have a no BS person on there.Hope she stays! @ApprenticeNBC @Andy @Bravotv 
@sandrapatriot: @stephenfhayes WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump
@BreitbartNews: Ratings were HUGE for @realDonaldTrump's appearance on Saturday Night Live -&gt; 
@rfscottga: @realDonaldTrump Congrats Mr. Trump. You did great tonight. You made us ALL proud :) YES! SAYING IT AGAIN....Trump #1
@IPSInvestments @realDonaldTrump The world would be a better place if businessmen like Donald Trump had more say in the day to day business
@AbishurPrakash  My latest piece on @realDonaldTrump winning the foreign policy race. #Trump2016 
@CarrieOn2014: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville Brandi is the BEST!!!!! She deserves it all! #CelebrityApprentice
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
@BeverlySimcic: TRUMP: JEB BUSH HAS NO MONEY, HE'S MEETING WITH MOMMY AND DADDY- CAN'T RUN HIS OWN CAMPAIGN 
@WesleyRuedy: Donald Trump is the man. And people don't appreciate his honesty. @realDonaldTrump Thank you.
.@JohnLegere  T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings.
@JoeWMiller Thanks Joe!
I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM.
Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!
Entrepreneurs:  Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
I guess Rupert Murdoch and the @nypost don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said bull.
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, &amp; Alex Skarlatos. 
@AnnCoulter: Read this DJT full-p ad from 1989 and tell me DonaldTrump is a Johnny-Come-Lately fake conservative: 
@brendalynwraps: @realDonaldTrump Leeza!!!
@AgeGrilli35: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo is going to win I might riot if he losses #CelebrityApprentice
@AndMySpace: IM NOT SURE IF HES RUNNING BUT I LOVE THE WAY HE CAN TALK&amp;RUN A WELL OILED BUSINESSu203cufe0fud83cuddfaud83cuddf8HE CAN SPEAK SO ALL KNOW WHATS WHAT!
@therealtommydel:1 &amp; only POTUS candidate 2 support Tom Brady deserves the White House. Clear judgment &amp; common sense for USA ! #FreeBrady
@DavidBougs: @krauthammer Krauthammer sold some books, now His Pomposity thinks he knows US Pres politics....just another DC insider!
@srqsweetheart: It's about to go down! Buckle up! @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice
@about_life: Politician Have Been Running(Ruining) America For Years; Lets Change That Now -Trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com
@AndyBran: @foxandfriends all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control
@HardcoreRepub: @kencampbell66 Dude, @realDonaldTrump 's tactics are just on a level we've never seen before. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@MarshallFSmith: @LexingtonBobby @realDonaldTrump And its a Glorious Fall Day in Norfolk!! Knock'em dead Donald! Thanks!
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. 
@Party__2016: @realDonaldTrump MR TRUMP......HOPE WE CAN CALL YOU MR. PRESIDENT SOON!!!!! Thanks.
@scottyboyhmfc: @realDonaldTrump @BBC a bit behind with apprentice UK but art gallery show was unreal great show sir
.@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
@seniorslocum: @realDonaldTrump is up early putting ignorant people in their place
.@thehill  John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said NO THANKS Waste of time &amp; energy!
@Dapp4: @realDonaldTrump Man I love you! #TheDonaldForPres.
Thank you Greta. 
People Magazine: Donald Trump Was Right: He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 Years--Plus, What You Didn't See 
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history 
Congratulations to @DanaPerino on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
@MikeSington: Crowd goes wild for Trump at SC Summit! @SteveKingIA:Trump's in; I know he's in. His Scooby-Doo van: 
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! 
@Amit_D_Ranade::Sir thanks for producing The Apprentice. Both the US and the UK shows are a real life management training program. Regards.
@futureicon:DonaldTrump continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fed-up' American people.
@RoniSeale:  The American people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. I am the only candidate who would build it.
@SaintPetersblog Part of me really, really likes @realDonaldTrump. The man is breathtakingly honest. Have to give him credit.
@ebhockeyfan @GretchenCarlson One thing I truly admire about Trump.He is very loyal &amp; supportive of his friends. He also says it like is.
@bilalkostashuk: That first episode of #CelebApprentice was intense but incredible. This season is going to be bigger and better than ever!
@MattSarff23: It's Apprentice time @realDonaldTrump
Wow, @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
@hillx123: @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@HillsGypsydad05:  @foxandfriends Awesome time on Saturday Night Live Mr. Trump! Thanks for being YOU! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thank you!
@eastonelliott22:@_Tsac_ More than half of America agrees with Trump- everyone I talk to loves Trump&amp;respects blunt truths- God Bless Trump
Re Super PAC scam:  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
@ConConBonBon7: @realDonaldTrump saw u on Letterman, always a treat! #Trump2016 #Trump4President
@gracemtroupe: @realDonaldTrump so can u run! Please be our president
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE. 
@mdamelincourt: @fotograaf @realDonaldTrump @TrumpToronto We are looking forward to welcoming you...
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!
@DeanAllen12: @club4growth  Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Womenu2019s British Open there this week. Iu2019ll go for two days &amp; back on trail.
@Ricky_Vaughn99: Herschel Walker: Donald Trump is 'my frontrunner' for president 
@jlawfriedman: @realDonaldTrump The property and course look spectacular! #trumpworthy  Thank you!
@cookingdoll: @realDonaldTrump Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion.
@tide_mann: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas 100% agreed!!
A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
@cevazzulia: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? Donald Trump. So true!
Thanks. 
Trump National Golf Club, Los Angeles, on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean--spectacular!
@jsilva74366572: @DurandSentinus - US infrastructure is seriously deficient - anTrump is the only one talking about it !! Lets go Trump !!
@VanityFair: Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx 
@Valenti317 @realDonaldTrump the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?
.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words.
.@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
@Lking2fly: I gotta have @realDonaldTrump in the White House that'd be such a game changer
@HarmonBrew: @FoxNews @megynkelly  DonaldTrump #KellyFile Trump is so right about Geller. Megyn, stop advocating for her; its a loser.
@misstyraj: @Queen_James_22 @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC maybe Kate needs to go, but Kenya doesn't. The boardroom is where Kenya shines.
@patzann66 @realDonaldTrump Time for USA to get back on track Trump for President
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@SaijoSaijo75: @realDonaldTrump thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again!
@NatashaOwnfan: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC tick tock it's here, love this show
@957thegame: What's more intimidating, Mariano Rivera's cutter, or getting fired by Donald Trump? Johnny Damon says it's Trump. @Apprentice
@dr_tweedy: @CNN @JohnKasich Kasick message is as muddled and stagnant as his political career. Lied about Trump crowd. Media-he LIED!
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio  READ THIS: 
@BizMotivationTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN! @realDonaldTrump #quote
@kara_jilly: Do you see how disgustingly disrespectful @KenyaMoore is to @MsVivicaFox?! &amp; yet she says she's nothing but nice to people?
@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrumpu00a0Bravo!! Leader of vast inteligence!! Awesome TV, inspires, never gives a stale second!!!#Prezu00a0#Tump2016
Politician @SenatorCardin didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
@KeepCalmBC:  @TheView is a pitiful shell of its former self! ALL NEW hosts are needed! Just cancel it &amp; put it &amp; us out of our misery!
@SirOwenDisney:  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr How about a #CelebApprentice season where Ivanka &amp; Don Jr. lead teams? I'd love to see that.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
@gkohlschmidt: @slumpcityusa Run Donald Run!!! We are sick of stupid politicians who don't know how to run anything except a campaign!
@martydrinksbeer: @realDonaldTrump It was FANTASTIC!!
@jodi_mae: @realDonaldTrump If you run for president, You would receive my vote!
@alexiskrystina: Love the #celebapprentice flashback! The winners are always the good people who DON'T play dirty. Donald keeps it #classy
@Radiogal505: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Congrats! Excellent season and Leeza for the win! She was an amazing, classy competitor.
.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
@BorderWall: Floridian here I quit watching debates years ago &amp; most TV except GATOR football until you decided to run for President
@KarileaKennedy7: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC LOVE Brandi is on your show!
#TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons- 
@thetomzone: Donald Trump is a respected businessman with insightful political opinions. #foxnewsfacts
Total fool @KarlRove is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk, no action dummy! n  
@qbeacademy: Well I'm at 42% and your at 3% .You know Jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage.  Classic
@timjcam: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo  @MegynKelly will consider other programs!
@catham11: @EW @realDonaldTrump you were my inspiration to go for my B.S. in marketingud83dude04ud83dude04ud83dude04
Via @DailyCaller by @rpollockDC: u201cNYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is u2018Not the American Wayu2019u201d 
u201cIowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bentu201d 
@CFT1: .@realDonaldTrump Great interview on @CNN @donlemon @CNNTonight #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TRUMP
@TalentlessCook: @realDonaldTrump You're only a year away from #2016 ...pick a running mate. Happy New Year
@jonahkeri: @realDonaldTrump YESSSS!!!! Oh Donald Trump, you truly are the king of kings.
I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! 
@1776Pirate: @LindseyGrahamSC @WashTimes @madisongesiotto agreed. We need @realDonaldTrump as president ASAP.
@LydiaNeu: @realDonaldTrump enjoying lunch at Trump Tower Grill. Your building is fantastic.
@StreetR77:  @JohnLegere @TMobile didn't know he was CEO of tmobile, I have T-Mobile, it's pathetic, dropped calls, no service.
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING!
@RealPro4Real: @IvankaTrump @JoFroggatt #DowntonAbbey is just awful... too British :-( I prefer @ApprenticeNBC with @realDonaldTrump
Can u believe that Jeb Bushu2019s campaign manager is in Berlin, Germany looking for money? Whatu2019s he giving to Germany? 
u201cFortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.u201d u2013 Tom Brady @SuperBowl @Patriots
@SkaCreek: In Ten minutes on @realDonaldTrump 's Apprentice @IanZiering begins his season long domination! @Jason_Priestley you watchin?
@iadoreem @realDonaldTrump Great job on Tv this morning. Thanks.
@TPFA_KathyA_1: We'll be watching. @realDonaldTrump 2016! Will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @foxandfriends : 
u201c@Letterman to Donald Trump: u2018Fire @geraldoriverau2019u201dn
@onesoldiersmom: @seanhannity @MarkSteynOnline  No one can imitate Trump. He's one of a kind. I love him more each day. #Trump2016  Thanks
@joseangelSP500: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President! TRUMP2016!
@joncford: @realDonaldTrump @TeamBobbyEwing @FoxNews @KarlRove I'm just about done with Fox news!
@Newsmax_Media: Geraldo: Trump Would Make US a 'Successful Capitalist Entity' 
@TheBingle: @greta @realDonaldTrump Will be refreshing to have views from someone else who's not a politician or community organizer IMO.
@ofccadjust: @kellyz713 @tedb75 @TeresaC85469500 @MichaelCohen212  Right,  same old political bullshit year after year, #WhyISupportTrump
@Antonio92692: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump TRUMP IS THE SMARTEST AND BEST MAN TO SAVE AMERICA. 
@2014_vince: I am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries PAY for help..you INSPIRE...
@BoyerNick15: @realDonaldTrump 2016 will hopefully be the year of the Donald!   Thanks.
@piersmorgan: Donald Trump still dominating all polls, debate, cable news, gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his, he rarely loses!
@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP TRUMP - YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE AMERICA NEEDS RIGHT NOW THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN SAVE AMERCIA GOD BLESS U SIR
@amy_pardue: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug please sir run we need AMERICA BACK YOU CAN DO THIS A TRUE BELIEVER
@NottaLiberal: @realDonaldTrump @destiny @seanhannity No need, Everyone knows Jeb is full of blank.
@aalucero: @pacsgirl36  I luv Donald Trump, in his sleep he is leaps &amp; bounds over what we have now - I have no doubt he luvs America!
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the satirical rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!
@jrondatampier: If Obama isnt able to solve Baltimoreu00b4s issue, no chance to solve Chinau00b4s &amp; OPECu00b4s abuses. The World asks for leadership!
@OH2BINAZ: @realDonaldTrump Kenya is a dirty thief! I hope she gets FIRED.
@JuliaKoinis: @realDonaldTrump tellin it how it is on letterman, love ya Donald
@YankeeRunnerLV:  God Bless You for such generous act of kindness by featuring your friend Joan Rivers in Monday's @ApprenticeNBC
@pdxnancy: Donald Trump and 2015 / 2016 Considerations... 
@kekepania822: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I'm excited for this season, can't wait to watch ud83dudc4d
@SaraLevenson: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - @realDonaldTrump
@sassylassee: My tv is off, twitter is up, waiting for the real show, starring @realDonaldTrump #CNNSocialistDebate  #DemDebate
@CNBC: 5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire u00bb 
Part 1 of my @SpecialReport int. with @BretBaier discussing why I am strongly considering running for President 
Boy is this guy @ShepNewsTeam tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016
@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump'S SHOW, THE @apprenticenbc IS THE BEST REALITY SHOW ON TV. #Educative #Informative
@nbcsnl: Everyone loves @Siau2019s new look. #SNL 
The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weatheru2014boring and too many other topics.
@hdfxdx01: @realDonaldTrump Are you announcing your run for president? You are Americas last hope! Stay tuned!
u201cUS tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick Airportu201d 
.@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of u201cgreat accomplishmentu201d should easily quality for prez.
@victoryorbust: The One, The Only, Donald Trump, will and can Make America Great Again !  @Reince @blewthebigone 
@DanielCClarke: @realDonaldTrump would love to play that golf course some day!! TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL
@laurenthomasx3: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for your visit to Greenville, SC May 9th!! Should be a fantastic event.  Great.
@viksquad: @realDonaldTrump you are the man for the job
#TBT With the cast of GoodFellas 
@sweetspottrader: only @realDonaldTrump can save us form this turmoil #Trump2016 Perhaps so!
Via @ArutzSheva_En by Moshe Cohen: u201cDonald Trump: French Gun Control Allowed Terrorists to Succeedu201d 
.@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on @foxandfriends this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
Thank you for your nice words @MikeNeedham @Heritage for the nice words on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016
@Non_PC_Guy:  @HoustonGunn @Macys In Chicago we're still mourning loss of once great Marshall Fields, to mediocre Macys. Screw Macys!
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C., is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Spectacular!
Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
@sparklebutt1947: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends yes and he WILL bring companies back to the US  True.
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them. 
@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President! Big fan of the #CelebrityApprentice  @realDonaldTrump
Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! 
@KellyMorrisLtd  @AyrshireChamber Sad to be missing it. Huge buzz about the key note speaker this year!!! America's future president
@macresslertech: RT Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:u201cTrump: Bring back jobs from overseasu201d 
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning.
@good_vibration7: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews filipinos love u Mr Trump! you are famous in the Philippines!! we love what u do! thank you
Thank you @JeffJlpa1 and @AmSpec for the wonderful and very true article, u201cTotal Desperation on Iranu201d 
@schwartzb: @realDonaldTrump we need your help Donald! Make us great again!
Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.
@foxnation: Report: #DonaldTrump Heckler Convicted Of Attempting To Blow Up Marine Recruitment Center 
@DRUDGE_REPORT: MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS... 
@Lunadeapril: @realDonaldTrump @Jnakes77 hehe I totally agree! Donald makes me mad sometimes but I low key adore him!  Noce.
@HMunjal: David @Letterman's Top 10: The @Forbes List Members Who've Appeared The Most 
.@CNN  should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent, no TV persona, and works for Bushu2014a total conflict of interest.  
Via 
Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@CindyBl: I voted 4 Reagan to make America Great. I will vote 4 @realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TRUMP 
The latest book on Hillaryu2014Wow, a really tough one! 
@Chm14Mc: @realDonaldTrump Trump Turnberry looks incredible in the sunshine. #lookinggreat #trumpturnberry
@Doug3P0: look, DON'T be a fool. VOTE for the right guy. vote FOR @realDonaldTrump
The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
@RickyV_ADW: Gotta say I have @kevinjonas winning it all @realDonaldTrump social media, strategy, and seems to know how to spin things.
@rosspelton: @realDonaldTrump Please bring @AnnieDuke back to the show. #Apprentice #Trump #Pokerplayer.
u201cSimply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.u201d u2013 Think Big
I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you! 
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA  -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!  
@JudgeMoroz  Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message @realDonaldTrump
@hbtc23: @realDonaldTrump backs down from nobody!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @steveaustinBSR @WWE ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 ud83dude4cud83cudffb 
Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
@MichaelTMorgan1: @oreillyfactor Trump is RIGHT: we are dealing with zealots, animals and amateurs... WAKE UP. No deal, Walk and walk fast
@jerrimoore: @realDonaldTrump awesome. A treat to get to see the brilliant Joan Rivers once more #icon
@theblaze: Donald Trump says heu2019d be the u201cgreatest representative of the Christians if elected president 
@chubby6665: Legends on the wall in my bathroom at Trump Doral ..The refurb here is sensational, great venue! 
Congress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
.@GovernorPataki  couldnu2019t be elected dog catcher if he ran againu2014so he didnu2019t!
@ScoodieGolden Twitter loves Trump. 1000's of retweets for Mr. Trump while @ScottWalker gets 5 to 10 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
@MARYlaand_: @realDonaldTrump why aren't you running for president? I'm not even a republican but I'd still vote for you
@BHLiberty @realDonaldTrump I will look forward to your debate performance! I believe this country could use a leader like you! Good luck!
@enole28: @seanhannity When will you have on @realDonaldTrump?  Sean is a great guy who truly loves our country.
@mcjeff42: @realDonaldTrump you made SNL great again
Via @postandcourier: The Donald at @TheCitadelOEA 
.@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
@spinenumber408: Quality fans, bro. u201c@Stevieboy_63: @realDonaldTrump Go Donald,your are the one to get this country back. DONALD TRUMP 2016
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm   
@pacsgirl36: @realDonaldTrump run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!
@VickyBrush: That young girl asking if she'll have control over her own body looked like she was planted there!  @HorseShort
@TheNewsClub_US: RT  @robmo: @StrengthenTheUS @GOP @realDonaldTrump. We The People want Mr Trumpu2026 #RT #CNN #HBO 
@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon You even made the show great again.
@PaulaDuvall2: Outsider Donald Trump assesses &amp; addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?
@Morning_Joe: Online poll: @realDonaldTrump 'best to handle economy' by far 
@AB_CutRock: AIR FORCE TRUMP: The zillionaire pol dishes about Rand, Mitt and Jeb 
.@oreillyfactor - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction, too bad!  @SarahPalinUSA
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.
Via @Newsmax_Media: u201cDonald Trump 2016: 8 Facts About Personal Life of GOP Presidential Hopefulu201dn
I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by @doryainteriors, just opened a newu2026 
@emilyplacido: @realDonaldTrump @BernieSandner @ApprenticeNBC Me too!!!! #TeamLeeza all the way!!! @LeezasCareCafe is a wonderful charity!!
@WiggintonRandy: @realDonaldTrump He will never say it, therefore he will never have a solution!
@GMCallahanJr: Next great building in DC that should have the Trump name in it! @realDonaldTrump #RunDonaldRun 
@gump6363: I always said I will not vote until I truly believe in a good leader, you sir will get my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized. 
To be completed this year,Trump Intu2019l Golf Club Dubai will feature a 7,205-yard, par 71 &amp; double-sided driving range 
@dakotanina: .@realDonaldTrump: We have a president who has no clue what he's doing. #Greta 
@donnalee57: @realDonaldTrump yes sir, wish you were President with decision power to lead this Country back to greatness
@purpleheartwife: @realDonaldTrump I'll volunteer to help your campaign in FL. Thanks.
@burgundylue: I am enjoying watching Joan Rivers on @ApprenticeNBC thanks @realDonaldTrump for inviting her #CelebrityApprentice
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
@seandoncito: u201c@B_Cavaliere: Donald Trump needs to be president nowwwwww!!! @realDonaldTrump
@007lLisav: @CNN @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics can't wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets. You sound like a very smart person!
.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
@RichRichie725: @realDonaldTrump You can't make a BAD Deal GOOD
@Nikk1985: @IvankaTrump you have such amazing style and a strong role-model @realDonaldTrump should be proud
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Thank you America! Together, we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
Via @WDesMoinesPatch by @DerekJ3031: u201c@ShawnJohnson on @ApprenticeNBCu201dn
@lizzym420: @amrightnow @realDonaldTrump What other candidate begins to rival Trump in his knowledge, breadth of issues, stamina? Thanks!
Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturdayu2019s dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@SeaBeeVietN: Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders weren't.
@SocialInNewYork: We unearthed Donald Trump's Vine account from 2013 and it's incredible 
.#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our countryu2014incompetent leader!
@LadyKellLiberty:  @AnnCoulter I'm in PA near PBurgh. Dad will register to vote first time for Trump. Mom is changing from D to R!
@nojoed: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl, why don't you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time. True.
Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat us is don't watch her show!
@Doctor_Platek: @realDonaldTrump I believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again! You are right!
@_Aleshaxo: Good morning @realDonaldTrump I'm still hoping to hear #Trump2016 ud83dude4f You've my vote.  Stay tuned!
@BackOnTrackUSA @realDonaldTrump @PageSix @Mohris Semper Fi Donald !!!!
@EthaBrooke:  @MittRomney Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didn't fight hard enough. True!
@AdultProdigy: @realDonaldTrump is cool. I like him. Vote for him please. Thanks.
@HoganSeaisle129: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr another drama filled hour ! Cannot wait to see who is going home today.
.@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
@LatinaLadySnake: @CrisXtina7765 @realDonaldTrump @nbc yeah couldn't believe what just happened
@Jeff_Gabe: I miss @realDonaldTrump #CNNDebate
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
Via @fitsnews: u201cDonald Trump: John McCain Is u2018A Loseru2019u201d 
@prowland11: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for my first presidential vote to be for you! #Trump16
@Crackmacs: @Brangwyn @inducedcoma I'm still expecting @realDonaldTrump to swoop in and save the day  Stay tuned.
@JeriHyatt: @megynkelly @JebBush @realDonaldTrump Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!
@MLeitzmann: One of the 1st (&amp; best) sites when 1st coming to the US @TrumpTowerNY Inspiration @realDonaldTrump 
@CrueBabe: @realDonaldTrump I loved it. #CelebApprentice
@gneumann_wkow: New national 2016 GOP poll from @FoxNews - @JebBush leads field, @realDonaldTrump second.  
#CelebApprentice Selfies- yes or no?
#TBT Trump and Gekko- 
This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!
@FrobBedrickson: @realDonaldTrump love the #CelebrityApprentice! Absolutely 100% gold!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Via 
@TimWByrd: DonaldTrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president I know your the only one who could get America out of debt
@fabiolasellsnj: @realDonaldTrump will be EPIC!
@TDarbyMitchell: I love you Donald Trump! I've never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like there's hope for USA
@davenorthYV: Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. That's a sign of lying
@davidco71875026: @realDonaldTrump @GovtsTheProblem You say what the working people are thinking. Proud to support you. Don't back down !
.@KirstenPowers  New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
@shea_leduc: @realDonaldTrump for president and Tom Brady for his VP  Cute!
@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove theyre all jealous of your success #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thanks.
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!
@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice is the best reality show! I'm a big fan of Donald Trump. Donald for President. Thanks.
@MJosephSheppard: Sound The Trumpets For A Trump 2016 Presidential Run Hear what he has to say @realDonaldTrump 
@marklevinshow: Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at 8:30 PM eastern time. Will be my great honor, so much to talk about!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.n -- Henry Ford
@Tea_Party_Chris: @RepDavid @RepMattSalmon @RepTrentFranks  @RealJamesWoods #Trump2016 #Trump #TrumpForPresident 
@MediciMario: @realDonaldTrump Pls run u would be great!
@YMcTier: @realDonaldTrump Watching tonight's New episode! @YMcTier feels this 1 will be Good like All the rest @nbc
My father's 4 step formula for success: Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out. -- Fred C. Trump
@archangeljf12:  ;,@realDonaldTrump for President of the United States! @SenTedCruz Vice President ;A #WinningTicket2016 #TrumpCruz2016
@Chris_R_2014: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump - He would fix this complete mess. America needs Trump. We don't need Obama.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
u201cThe Constitution is the guide which I never will abandonu201d - George Washington
@hillarysusans: We have a great field of diverse candidates for @GOP. Media needs to stop discounting @realDonaldTrump He rocked #FITN
@sparkey03: @realDonaldTrump Go #Trump2016
@ChandlerHolgate: Say what you want about @realDonaldTrump but the man is an excellent businessman. He never gives up.
@stkhlder3: @crazymamaa @MsVivicaFox @realDonaldTrump omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi
Morning Consult poll: Trump Leads  
@SteveBrainard1: @realDonaldTrump @CNN great interview Trump!
@LAWeightLoss: @IvankaTrump I agree with Kevin being fired cause he tried to outsmart your father  #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
@lwentzel1: Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow is 
@Karentalk: @realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews America will be restored under Mr. Trump.. 
@jodiestir: Watching reruns of the apprentice @realDonaldTrump absolutely love @piersmorgan brilliant!!
92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump    n  
@littlevd23  @rosannascotto  He is what this country needs! Mr.Trump would undoubtedly do all the right things to make the USA respectable
@VerumEstLiberta: @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald it's all lip flappin till you get serious...Are you in or just playing us?  JUNE!!!!
@agillogly: @realDonaldTrump thanks for bringing it down to @LeezaGibbons and @GeraldoRivera #readyforthethrowdown
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   #DemDebate
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is milking it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!
I will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM @FoxNews. #Hannity
@ValetaSue57 @greta @FoxNews Like Trump more &amp; more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear &amp; understand, He loves USA
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! 
Audience chanting RUN TRUMP RUN! during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy...
Congratulations to @TrumpSoHo for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
I love that thousands of people are boycotting @Macys and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
@muireb_tpnd: @realDonaldTrump You have Lib media scrambling..I just freak'n love that! Thank you for your leadership and patriotism!
@one4eternity: !!!!!!! RT @realDonaldTrump: @BalkesGirl: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC this show ROCKS!!!!
Thank you General. #Trump2016 
@HellBlazeRaiser: Did @KenyaMoore steal @MsVivicaFox's phone and Tweet about menopause? @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a u201cplantu201d during my speech yesterday in NH?
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
@dcfoodsafety: Mr. Trump I am shooting for a Leeza win she had been a class act for many years in the public eye! #celebrityapprentice
u201cDo what you can, with what you have, where you are.u201d - Theodore Roosevelt
@ALEKSMM:  I have a lawsuit in Mexicou2019s corrupt court system that I won but so far canu2019t collect. Donu2019t do business with Mexico!
@jbrd77: @realDonaldTrump @anjOapariciO @MUniverso2015 that's the greatest smile EVER President Trump..
@Virginia4USA: @ArtistdeeDd @HowardKurtz  As do I, Diana.Saw Mr. Trump in Manchester &amp; crowd was energized &amp; hungering 4 real leadership.
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesnu2019t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
@theBrandonMcKee: Read all about the Wollman deal and many other successful deals in The Art of the Deal by @realDonaldTrump
@organics2014: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump will @Kateplusmy8 be too?  Yes.
Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Letu2019s Make America Great Again!
@Daniel_Stephan_: @realDonaldTrump We need you in the white house, Donald. Somebody's gotta get this country back on track! #Trump2016
@jeffraykovich: @realDonaldTrump Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future?#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Yes.
@MELANIATRUMP: Yesterday @TrumpFerryPoint opening day @realDonaldTrump @jacknicklaus #golf 
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer! 
@FreidaWashingt: @realDonaldTrump Good morning to you. The pageant was fabulous! Ms USA came so close. Then tonight is Celeb Apprentice.
@TradingStreetCo:Donald Trump Is Ratings u2018Goldu2019 For SNL: Donald Trump Is Ratings u2018Goldu2019 For SNL... 
@stevewest222: @greta @RepDeSantis  DonaldTrump Kerry is such a great negotiator he doesn't even know when he has a deal! Better call Trump
@tuertaorsini: @bpinspiracion no deberiAs mezclar tu imagen con este tipo de cosas Miss Argentina @realDonaldTrump 
@marinacitynews: Trump announces soft opening of riverfront event spaces  @buildordie_com - 
The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump Sadly, so true!
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead
@eflaves: @realDonaldTrump motivate me to actually vote and get on that forkin ballot ud83dude05
Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC    at 10:00 A.M.
@_Snurk: We needu00a0@realDonaldTrumpu00a0to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ONLY PATRIOTS ALLOWED!!  VOTE VOTE VOTE TRUMP
@KittyCakes92: @seanhannity I think @realDonaldTrump should be running instead of Jeb. We need a REAL candidate, not a so-so leader.
@TRUMPHIANT2016: I've never seen a candidate as dominant in early states as @realDonaldTrump 
Via @USATODAY- Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal 
@jjblasvegas: @realDonaldTrump one word to describe @JordanSpieth Donald?  Quality!
@msully65:  Tell this knitwit @SpeakerRyan, the ppl want @realDonaldTrump, not him or his choice for President! Thts why Trump has 40%
@ChrisCJackson: @realDonaldTrump YOUR book OPENED my eyes. I Stand wIth Sr. Trump! AmerIca Needs You to run!
$ave your $. Donu2019t invest in @KarlRove. He doesnu2019t have a clue. 
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDNu2019T ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARYu2019S EMAIL WAS u2018CRIMINAL 
@theresanov68: @realDonaldTrump love the show
@justariot66: @realDonaldTrump no bs Donald if you run I'm in PA you will get my vote for sure.
@llluminatedOnes: Watch #CelebApprentice tomorrow at 9pm ET on @NBC because @RealDonaldTrump said so! @ApprenticeNBC 
Boycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!
@charlesfowler: @realDonaldTrump brings great debate and ideas to the #GOP campaign, RUN DONALD RUN!!!
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
@TCastilonia: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the opening story on every political show,radio or tv.
.@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
@ccakul: @realDonaldTrump it was a great show!
Great article by @RichLowry on @POLITICOMag : u201cSorry, Donald Trump Has A Pointu201d 
@CwiseCwise1: @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @realDonaldTrump @GOP we are with you Mr Trump. We back you 100 percent.
@KarileaKennedy7: I'm gonna cry its Joan Rivers @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.n
Oh really, check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @HowardStern show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!
@puppyslug: DonaldTrump: Mayweather is gonna win just like YOU gonna win Presdidency 2016 you R both WINNERS who deliver KNOCKOUTS!
.@jasondhorowitz  I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas 
@suddy25  just watched celebrity apprentice in England. Wonderful. How did you choose between them. Whole prog was great. Thank you.
@americanhowl: While @realDonaldTrump rallies #NoIranDeal tomorrow, @JebBush will call China to ask for donations  
@drewcarter49: @realDonaldTrump @PrestonsDayOff @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!  Thank you.
@JoseMar87531474: Watching @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump is the man...
@2timeslucky:  No one can take @realDonaldTrump down because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!
@DillonConrad0: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president in 2016, I'd be one happy camper
.@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
My recent statement re: @macys -- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!u2026 
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
@jonihubbard: @realDonaldTrump: Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00. It's been hilarious ! Good pick Mr Trump!
Via @Slate: Who won the #GOPDebate? 
@destiny_113: @JohnLegere if @realDonaldTrump says your service is terrible, it probably is. His hotels are the best, impeccable service.
.@CBSNews Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
My @foxandfriends int.on @FoxNewsInsider:u201c'We Have No Leadership': Trump Slams Obama for Skipping Paris Unity Rallyu201d 
@RafmyMillan: Thanks @realDonaldTrump for your tips on entrepreneurship,it encouraged me to open a new chess sports club at Uni! #MyPassion
@sean_in_NH: @realDonaldTrump @realOllieTaylor so true. In all previous debates, no one watched and they were  cancelled
.@MiamiHerald discusses our @TrumpCollection #TrumpPets program @TrumpDoral: 
@tarabernie: Hey @realDonaldTrump check out Access Hollywood: 
Wake up Jeb supporters! 
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence!
The Spa @TrumpWaikiki offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques 
@nancypa14679248: @realDonaldTrump @Shelly3177 @ApprenticeNBC love the drama
.@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with Trump - actually, you always knew!
@Tyrone_deverger: @realDonaldTrump I pray to God you run for 2016. You are the one man that can save the USA.
@ScottUdine @realDonaldTrump @TrumpSoHo Terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! The best, by far in NYC....  Thanks.
@piersmorgan: 'The greatest slaughter in the history of The Apprentice' - @realDonaldTrump on my victory over @OMAROSA #CelebrityApprentice
@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump i bet you have some great ideas on how to turn this country around  I do, big league!
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! 
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate 
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump 9 years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again! Thank you!
@lancebagley1: Great Article, DonaldTrump   ISIS in competition w/ Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain &amp; Kill Islambies!!! 
@robertaritzen: @AnnCoulter @seanhannity  We love him! I love his truth telling. That he's so real and calls it how he sees it. #Trump2016
Dummy writer @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look importantu2026
@VickyBrush: @MANX38  @JEDTHEFISH7 Only those who aren't brain-dead. Time to take back our country &amp; Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can.
@salvatorenasca: @realDonaldTrump A real man who cares about his country only needs a few hours to sleep. #TRUMP2016 #Work&amp;Progress
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
How does failed writer and pundit like @stephenfhayes, with no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates.
@obadafidii: Trump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' 
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
@ACTUALLYDOMINIC: @kevinjonas is on #celebapprentice??? that's it, @realDonaldTrump, you have a winner... #askkevin #teamkevin all the way
@Jessi_Libertad: Show 'em how it's done in Raleigh tomorrow, President Trump! @realDonaldTrump I will!
@DOSMTurnberry Look forward to hosting clients &amp; guests at the Ayrshire Chamber annual dinner tonight with guest speaker @realDonaldTrump
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!
@David360NC: We have a voice with DonaldTrump, Letu2019s do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TeamTrump 
@ept_rudyru: @DRUDGE_REPORT Excellent job! @realDonaldTrump You are real &amp; everyone saw that 2nite! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SilentMajority
@vctr67: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump. Please run and save this country from going to hell. You got my vote. Thanks.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
Response to Hillary Clinton- 
@KingAmory: Cta driver just tweaked I'm voting for @realDonaldTrump
@brian_muldoon: @realDonaldTrump Headed to Trump Central Park for my wife's birthday!! Can't wait!!  Have fun!
Brian Williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court!
@ryan_padraic: Get the popcorn, Donald Trump plans to live-tweet the #CNNDebate. #DemDebate 
u201cDonald Trump to headline SC Tea Party Conventionu201d 
@drewtheg:  Trump is the epitome of integrity, good spirit, forthright honesty... you pull no punches and call a spade a spade. diggin it!
@nanaelaine7: I can't wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Thanks.
@trumpgasm: NEW- 10/6/15 REUTERS IPSOS POLL DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DOMINATE! OVER 37%!! 
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
@Kev_360 @GolfDigest Agree. Especially when @realDonaldTrump @TrumpScotland have the best course and rates going. #bestofthebest
@Arful1dodger: @realDonaldTrump I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !
@AliceSLeuck: @ApprenticeNBC Join the lean scene with @luvoinc You, exercise and #Luvo a heathy trio... Agreed 100% w/two U fired tonight
@lkoja: @realDonaldTrump is a true leader we need for this country ... #Trump2016
@flipper3964: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump You look amazing! Thank you.
.@bobbyjindal watched youu00a0on @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!
.@CGasparino  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier DonaldTrump   Only one who ever took on the MacDaddy. Looks like only one to fight Hillary. Even in her own party
@younggbon: I would easily vote for @realDonaldTrump if he ran for president.
I am on @greta now!
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  It's not going to happen with anyone else.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada! 
@phate71  @realDonaldTrump Itu2019s time to make America great again. Letu2019s do this! #TRUMP2016
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW! n
 @johnjcarp61  At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago! @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain
I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY. 
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusiness
@thehill: Donald Trump on Mexico: I would build a wall like nobody can build a wall 
As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight!
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A.
@BabyFuzz1969: Declare Your Candidacy! Right time, Right age, Right mind w/common sense, Right Leadership #RightMan #RightNow #RightVote
@robspardello:  @Leodolphin3 @gillibean8514 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @KenyaMoore @GeraldoRivera can't wait till apprentice !!!
@jleec Reading @realDonaldTrump Art of the Deal tonight for the 3rd time. Please run for president! #Trump2016
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
Politicians are all talk and no action. Washington can only be fixed by an outsider. Letu2019s make America great again! 
@BHANKS26: @realDonaldTrump kevin jonas was the man on #CelebrityApprentice I would love to see him come back on! He will.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- nBenjamin Franklin
@smxtty_: Donald trump would be the greatest president Thank you.
@JLNewman29: To me, what matters is doing, and giving time is far more valuable than just giving money. - @realDonaldTrump #Trump16
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
@MoeHoward86: THE best interview thus far...keep it up Trump! Donald Trump: Enough With the Nice! 
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
@susanbbossie: @realDonaldTrump Excited to see the new tennis facility tomorrow @ Trump National in VA @serenawilliams u2764ufe0fud83cudfbeu2764ufe0f Best in world
@CharlesLiva: Wishing this moment to come, thanks @realDonaldTrump , I'll vote you #DT2016 #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT
@roswell2001: So glad #CelebrityApprentice is back! @realDonaldTrump @kevinjonas @RealGilbert are my favs. Go team vortex!
@theericker: @realDonaldTrump not watching debate....just your tweets  Nice!
@JohnBerman Two explanations on @realDonaldTrump that seem no longer sufficient: 1) It's early.  2) It is all a media creation.
Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
@EasyEarl: Doug Ross @ Journal: AWESOME: Donald Trump Blessed by Black, White Pastors and Rabbis 
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying for you, the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1: u201cDonald Trump: I want to run for president u2018so badlyu2019u201d 
@VinDaniels: @GlennNights @realDonaldTrump He is correct. France has harsh gun laws. Terrorists were carrying AK47.
Thank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
@broewads: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN.
u201cGovernment's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.u201d u2013 Ronald Reagan
@curtismuddog: @destiny @seanhannity JEB'S! Whole campaign is fueled by lies. Just like his brother lied about Iraq. BUSH DYNASTY=LIES
@JennaLeeUSA: When asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls - @realDonaldTrump replies: It's cheaper than wall paper... Ha!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
@JsdEdge: With all due respect, Why are you bluffing about running for President? I would vote for you!! We need a game Changer!  WATCH!
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews  at 6:00 P.M.
Via @MiamiNewTimes by @Munzenrieder : u201cDoral Mayor Declares Emergency to Give Donald Trump Key to the Cityu201d 
@XKidd92: @realDonaldTrump definitely rooting for @LeezaGibbons- I think she deserves it the most.
@STL_Blonde: The thing that's so wonderful about @realDonaldTrump ... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires. True.
@2014_vince: The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!
@tr3s3can: @realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!
@PattyDs50: @FoxNews We want Donald !! Yah next president! #TrumpTrain #TrumpForPresident  We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
@LepleyAmanda @realDonaldTrump @DagnyRed @Karentalk @ForAmerica amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by @greta #OnTheRecord
.@MissUniverse ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night! 
Vets mistreated, NO border security? Iu2019m with @V4SA this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! 
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp; donu2019t be ashamed of it!
@NICNAE: @Elginet @RealGilbert @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump you're awesome funny and u gained a new fan!!! Probably many!!!!
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit 
Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
@aspieprobs: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #trumpforprez you will get my vote.
@beck_coulter @realDonaldTrump Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@USATrumpDiva: Donald Trump surges in poll among likely Republican voters 
@Ex369PPD  Thank you!
The road to success is always under construction.n -- Arnold Palmer
.@VenueMagazine_ highlights the opening of @TrumpDoral's brand new #RedTiger course: 
@ChadWeiske: @realDonaldTrump #4prez
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: u201cDonald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Biblesu201d 
@energy43: @schnoepoe @FoxNews Not so much fairness as it is about ratings . Megan Kellys hate nightly of Trump is turn-off for FOX
@John832TheTruth: @FrankLuntz your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!u2661
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
@SassyPantsjj: SO upset that Celebrity Apprentice is almost over, it's WAY too short this season, realize there's 2 episodes BUT want MORE
@koltonbittner: .@realDonaldTrump makes me proud to be an American So nice, thank you!
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated. @piersmorgan  
@pcm426: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsInsider @greta everything obama touches goes to hell
@RealDonaldTrump stands in defense of @ScottWalker's college record @DraftWalker16 Donald J. Trump stands in... 
Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by @SRQRepublicans. A record 2,000+ sell out 
@JeffPage5: @realDonaldTrump @WSJ @GOP they're finally gettin the message, we're fed up &amp; we're not going establishment.
@james_artherton: @realDonaldTrump full respect from a British guy. I wish I could vote for you! Trump for president!
@PattyDs50:  @CwiseCwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @GOP Yes! We love you Donald!! We are behind you all the way to Whitehouse!!
Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump You are a good Christian! You are right! Also, you should be Presedent! The sooner the better! #TRUMP
@OgreUasshole: @oreillyfactor It's time for @realDonaldTrump .
Will be on @foxandfriends  now. Enjoy!
No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Letu2019s Make America Great Again 
.@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!
@ShotGunFloyd: @realDonaldTrump classic!
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
@SRT_SuLLy:  @realDonaldTrump geraldo is an egotistical selfcentered pain! Strong competitor &amp; makes for a good show #someonepunchgeraldo
@LauraRosenCohen @MarkSteynOnline  on @realDonaldTrump There is nothing Trump does that doesn't work for him.
@tokindaddy: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Brian don't try take Trump on with your wit. He got you beat, hands down! Brian is terrific
Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.
.@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading  BIG in the new @ABC Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show
@JJonesTTU: @realDonaldTrump @davidaxelrod @oreillyfactor sometimes you have to turn around and bite the dog that bit you.
@MyCrashIs: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC please let it be @BrandiGlanville and @KenyaMoore first. But u probably like that negativity
@momtoheather: @TrumpLasVegas @realDonaldTrump great Hotel!! Stayed there twice.
@Jtrink97: @Hell0ThereLydia @realDonaldTrump his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding  Thanks.
@HarryPlush: US golf team needs to think outside the box and hire @realDonaldTrump as Captain! Best course owner ever  THANK YOU!
@CodiHart: @realDonaldTrump Saw you on @oreillyfactor tonight. Go Trump!
@BethAndersonEsq: I watched your interview on Neil Cavuto today. Your fiscal policy as President would be better than anyone's! Go Mr.Trump
@Brammz3: In full support of @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS! No reason he shouldn't win the @GOP nomination. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
@MyPresidentme: @EricShawnonFox That's because people are interested in you, &amp; you've got a great sense of humor, unlike Hillary #Trump2016
@dalasner: @realDonaldTrump I am honored, if you are in I am leaving being a furniture magnate and all in, campaigning for the BEST
Via @dcexaminer by @eScarry: u201cDonald Trump: @HuffingtonPost 'a very dishonest organization'u201d 
@Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority 
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Obamau2019s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Trump rails on Romney as possible 2016 contender 
@kpmck63 Stay the course Mr. Trump! It's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't. #Truth
@Mitestarossa Please follow @realDonaldTrump ...We already know what all the other politicians will do. #Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump SC Freedom Summit FULL Speech DJT 
@FanOfGreenMMs: @SarahPalinUSA not only nice hair, he is a warrior &amp; leader! You can trust him. He genuinely loves America &amp; American.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.n -- Benjamin Franklin
Via The Hill No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally 
@hyannis1952: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Believe they are worried you may win!
What is our President doing? 
@Chris_Owens1213: I would love to see how upset @HillaryClinton would get if she were in a debate against @realDonaldTrump.
Our spa @TrumpSoHo gets a nice write-up in @DETAILS: #gotmilk
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
@papaouch: @TomEvans1972 @realDonaldTrump Iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out...
.@CharlesGKoch is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail.
New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big 
Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
@MLRatchford: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump rooting for @RealGilbert. #TeamGilbert
@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for tonight's show. #TrumpForPresident
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
Thank you @WayneAllynRoot.nVery nice! #Trump2016 n
@ashbakali: Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.u00a0Donald Trump
.@TrumpToronto was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Traveleru2019s prestigious Readeru2019s Choice Awardsn  
Good move by Bernie S.
@kenbu1: @realDonaldTrump Waiting to hear you will run for President in 2016.  Watch.
@WalterEKurtzJr: @realDonaldTrump  Chris Wallace: After my interview and listening to his answers, I think Donald Trump could be President
@KraftyWurker: Some  Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait until @RealDonaldTrump gets cranked up. #Trumpmeister
@PCS1776: @realDonaldTrump &lt;---- The thinking man's Chris Christie. Tells it truly. Run. Win.
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
@NorthStarMF: @realDonaldTrump love you, please fix america!
.@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people u2013 no pic!
@polina6: @realDonaldTrump MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP 2016!
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air! 
Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10
@misstcassidy: @KdanielsK @realDonaldTrump @AllAboutTheTea_ I just hope both last well half way into season w/lots of drama!
@Karentalk: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump Stop interrupting Trump..Please..He is CORRECT ON EVERYTHING..
My friend, @AriEmanuel of @IMG, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
This is no act of love as Jeb Bush saidu2026 
Via @CNNPolitics by @JDiamond1: u201cTrump: RNC call was 'congratulatory'u201dn
.@ThrillistChi named @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago one of the u201cbest value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicagou201d 
@4mostcoach: I enjoy every @realDonaldTrump speech IN ITS ENTIRETY NOBODY's going 2 tell me what our NEXT PRESIDENT says but HIM.
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
They now say using the word thug is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!
@oates_tom: @realDonaldTrump congrats on running! You tell it like it is.....which is rare.
@TalkerNewYorker @IndyBuffaloJim @greta Mr. Trump IS Mr. NYC Let's make him Mr. President  I am ready to work-it to get you in!
The Oscars were a great night for Mexico &amp; why notu2014they are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.
@strayamaaaate: DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP
.@CarlyFiorina I only said I was on @60Minutes four weeks ago with Putinu2014never said I was in Green Room. Separate piecesu2014great ratings!
@luckydoginwesty: @realDonaldTrump @FL_GIRL979 I'll be voting for Mr. Trump
Be sure to watch my #CPAC2015 speech with intro by @DLoesch and a Q&amp;A with @seanhannity 
@JasonKoster17: In @realDonaldTrump we trust.. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@ZyeZHE: @realDonaldTrump @MissUniverse Top 6 
@Karen05866992: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!  Thank you.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but donu2019t take things personally. Thatu2019s good business.
@ShaneJoseph: Can @realDonaldTrump please run for president just so I can watch him and @HilaryClinton debate. #goodTV
Letu2019s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
@Mike05999224: @FoxNews @HowardKurtz @MediaBuzzFNC start backing @realDonaldTrump real change is coming !
@jjhrkel: @realDonaldTrump don't ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!! I promise!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.
#CNNDebate Winning the @drudge_report poll- 
#CelebApprentice With three wonderful, but fired, contestants- 
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
u201cObamau2019s promises on the Iran deal are like him promising u2018if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep itu2019u201d - @marklevinshow
@GabbardJodi: @realDonaldTrump @Tamster613 @ApprenticeNBC would not miss it for anything.
@somecooldad: @MrMikeCalta @realDonaldTrump for president
@wompol: @realDonaldTrump @CNN we also saw numerous (since scrubbed) videos of celebrations on 9/11
Trump arrives for SC Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beachn
@lisalee1917: #CelebrityApprentice LUV LUV LUV that @realDonaldTrump left the clips of Joan Rivers in this season! Thank u!
@ywu510: #TrumpOnCNN revealed character and spirit. Even as @donlemon changed subjects abruptly, @realDonaldTrump spoke from heart.
u201cDonald Trump: I'm Not Buying the @BrooklynNetsu201d 
@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump you have inspired us to #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain
@johnwilson12511:   @realDonaldTrump is Up! Up! Up! No other candidate is even close!! #Trump2016 #POTUS 
@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the quotes today---a month away of starting my own business #helpful  Good luck.
It is time for DC to protect the American worker, not grant amnesty to illegals. Letu2019s Make America Great Again! 
@foxandfriends: .@realDonaldTrump calls out those negotiating with Iran on a new nuclear deal. 
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
u201cDonald Trump on VA woes: u2018Iu2019d fire everybodyu2019; u2018you fix it by getting Trump electedu2019u201d 
@diannelea1958: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @ChannelGuide I love the cast this season.
@TIME poll: @realDonaldTrump winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% @RealBenCarson, 10% @JohnKasich 
Via @IBTimes: Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licensesn
Via @DMRegister  by @newsmanone: u201c'Moon cycle' can't defeat @ShawnJohnson on @ApprenticeNBCu201d 
@KennyKing4: @JustinTGee #CelebApprentice is one of my fav shows!!! Wanna live tweet tmrw night? #datenight @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump
When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
@tixxannatrix @Lrihendry: Now this is the @RealDonaldTrump we have come to know  At least Trump speaks his mind. Doesn't cower to PC.
@coolgirl6978:  @oreillyfactor @FoxNews this is bull fox. O'Reilly, I expect better from you. What is going on? Fair and balanced my ass
@NJunger_19: Has all he could ever want. If he runs for Pres, then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again.
@williamonlyrent: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Only good candidate in this GOP field is you sir! Go Trump. #Trump2016 Thank you.
@Slider6294:@NRO @JonahNRO To be fair, impossible to fill those shoes. But consistent conservative principles would be a start! I agree!
The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AmFree: #Trump On #Ford, #Carrier, Shipping #Jobs To #Mexico: u2018Iu2019m The Only One Who Understands Whatu2019s Going Onu2019 
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with @jessebwatters @FoxNews., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me! n6/10: Richmond, VA - 8pmn6/11: Tampa, FL - 11amn6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pmn6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30pmn
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp. 
Wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you, Missouri! #Trump2016 
@hollywoodJV: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, it's a great country  So true!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16n
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be #OnTheRecord w/ @greta tonight at 7pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! n
Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoonu2026 
@DumpFoxNews: @FoxNews @megynkelly  If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@CherNuna: @realDonaldTrump It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Speech on Veterans' Reform:n
Failing @NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and weu2019re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN)., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: She calls our people deplorable and irredeemable. I will be a president for ALL of our people. - @RealDonaldTrump #BigLeagu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Iowa- see you soon!n#Trump2016 #ImWithYou n
I look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats meu2014I think she will be very fair., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! 
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@WandaWalls20: @realDonaldTrump Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@HillaryClintonu2019s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: 
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person Inhave such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon! 
Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Tremendous support (except for some Republican leadership). Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
For the 1st time in American history, Americau2019s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementu2014me! Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'n
@snoozinglion1: Full Speech: Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA (1-23-16) 
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. Iu2019ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I guess I have reached yet another ceiling  - 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! 
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...
Thank you New York! I love you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Margee11: #WISCONSIN VOTE SMART @tedcruz RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/ @realDonaldTrump 
RT @greta: Prob w/ all pundits saying last fall @realDonaldTrump had no chance is that shows media so out of touch w/ Americans, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on @TheView. We love Barbara!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!u2026 
@MaryAnn1942: @realDonaldTrump @CBSNews ... You are like Superman, everywhere! But I'm keeping up.  Great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@jensen4law: Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to @BernieSanders #DNCleak is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE 
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ron_fournier: President Donald Trump (just getting used to it) Wow, very nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Wheels155:@CNN is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about @realDonaldTrump cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainnTickets: 
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement - Bernie said the same thing!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Travis County, Texas!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
#VoteTrumpID! #Trump2016n
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!u2026 
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Theresa_Cali: @realDonaldTrump General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@DiamondandSilk: .@realDonaldTrump is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget &amp; ahead of schedule., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@lucyric13835428: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
.@RealDonaldTrump wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders, no amnesty, and an END to sanctuary cities. He isu2026 
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take backnour country, and #MakeAmericaGreatAgainnWatch video &amp; gon#VoteTrump!u00a0
RT @AnnCoulter: Trump's speech today was Churchillian, only better.  You can tell by the spluttering hysteria on TV about @realDonaldTrump., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted? 
@GreenSkyDeb: Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they donu2019t get things done. Video: 
I hear @NBCNews / @WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info:u2026 
@foxnation: Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor': 
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- 
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@HillaryClinton channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to: 
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Boazziz: . @DanScavino Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric, the crowd unstoppable &amp; @realDonaldTrump Kingly., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@JimVitari:  @ABC @washingtonpost we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush #CrookedHillary in general, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump No sleep for the #TrumpTrain!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islamiu2026 
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Join us! #CaucusForTrumpn11am WATERLOO: 
Thank you- New York! I love you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump nVideo: 
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU! 
Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary 
@EricTrump: Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii today! Amazing father! 
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow!n#Trump2016 #NYPrimarynTickets available: 
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2), in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Illinois! #Trump2016 
@JaredWyand: Let's be clear.. #NeverTrump is about Never someone we don't own You either play into it &amp; let them win or vote Trump., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @JoeNBC: Trump +15 on Cruz in 2 weeks. Cruz may look back and ask why he ever attacked Trump. DT has killed him ever since.  
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats: 
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@bigdog_joey: @realDonaldTrump @timkaine is so angry. Our @mike_pence looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp! 
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the energizer to D.C.?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you- on my way!  
RT @DanScavino: WE LOVE OUR DEPLORABLES!!!n#TrumpTrain #Debates2016 
#Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- 
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. Thatu2019s why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!u2026 
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLEn
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peu00f1a Nieto., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. #Trump2016 n
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
RT @realDonaldTrump: ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TomOdell: .@FoxNews - Pope who lives in a Vatican city fortified with huge walls thinks it's wrong to build walls? Really? 
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR &amp; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms atu2026 
RT @foxandfriends: STILL AHEAD: @realDonaldTrump joins us at 7am/et! #RNCinCLE 
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: WSJ:  Grifters-in-Chief...  
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)nKY his 2nd choice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@lilredfrmkokomo: @realDonaldTrump My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP /4000 people! !! Great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @dmartosko: 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson says he'll back Trump for president 
@keksec__org: @realDonaldTrump Your policies will make this state and country great again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
THANK YOU NEVADA!n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainn@Snapchat! nUsername: realdonaldtrump n
@icareeguns: This #Iowan is voting for @RealDonaldTrump #IACaucus. Thank you for supporting IOWA! 
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ronnieclemmons: @ChrisCJackson @TakouiS @realDonaldTrump  Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: We agree with Bill, ObamaCare is u201cthe craziest thing in the world.u201d #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@realOllieTaylor: @paintonmy: IA caucus hasn't picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Not good news for Jeb Bush  
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Gearssuxs: @loudobbsnews @realDonaldTrump I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary.  Great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Tomorrow!nnLas Vegas, NV- 11a: 
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:n
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirstn
Thank you for sharing Amy. 
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@angeloftruth11: Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?  
@matandsher: I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't. @realDonaldTrump will give his all for us!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirstn
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. 
I will be on @seanhannity tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016 
Thank you, @NYPost! #Trump2016n
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!nOHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLLnTrump 42% nClinton 41%, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton had her chance and she BLEW IT. #BigLeagueTruth #Debates 
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump nTickets: 
#ObamacareFail 
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I would never be president - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Mutual408Grace: @realDonaldTrump @gene70 California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out &amp; vote., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!n#WIPrimary #Trump2016 n
@Kj11100Me: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will be greater  president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you! #FITN #Trump2016 
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesnu2019t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our leaders to eradicate it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. @Ed_Klein 
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#ICYMI: Governor @mike_pence and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:u2026 
@marybnall01: @realDonaldTrump watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support. #Trump2016 
Worthless @NYDailyNews, which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Sacramento, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls! 
@iLoveiDevices: @EdwinRo47796972 @happyjack225 @FoxNews @krauthammer  Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum. 
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! n
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: 
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@stephbewitching @realDonaldTrump All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: 
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! n#FITN #Trump2016 n
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someoneu2019s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Agreed! 
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: Obama-Clinton FAILED foreign policy:n-Bad nuclear dealn-Ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terrorn-Sharing classifieu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! n#ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp n
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016nTickets: 
.@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @BretEastonEllis: Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood: shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would neveru2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 n
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Based on @MegynKelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great night in WI. Iu2019m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOu2026 
Letu2019s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warrenu2019s records to see if she is Native American. I say sheu2019s a fraud!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@HARyder: Which is it @realDonaldTrump ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it?  Get rid of it fast., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Watching biased Charles @krauthammer, a @FoxNews flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See mediau2014asking for increase!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.n
See you tomorrow Michigan!nnGrand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon:n
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@davidshiloach: @realDonaldTrump Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@mai_Ttag:  Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in California or Montana!n5/25/16: Anaheim, Californian
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC 
Watching the returns at 9:45pm. n#ElectionNight #MAGAud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 
@SassyPantsjj: Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3 @realDonaldTrump Wow!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@WesleyRickard: Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States #AZ #UT  
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets: 
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@JoeNBC: Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal. 
@daybastrop @foxandfriends @BretBaier The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support @realDonaldTrump IS the reason they are losers, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @kevcirilli: CEDAR RAPIDS --nnTRUMP'S DAUGHT IVANKA:nnI can just say without equivocation, my father will make America great again., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @foxandfriends: .@DonaldJTrumpJr: Trump has had a lot more responsibility to deal with than any of the other GOP candidatesn
Thank you Diamond and Silk! 
IPSOS/REUTERS POLLnThank you! #Trump2016 n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @EricTrump: Join @TeamTrump on Saturday for National Day of Action as we work to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgainn
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow! 
Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&amp;delivers the bu2026 
@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!, in_reply_to_screen_name: elizabethforma
After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, @TrumpScotland., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@TheBrodyFile: Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real #Trump2016 
@PiperSul: Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. You can tell them to go BLANK themselves - was about China, NOT WOMEN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA 
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@RepaloneLori: @realDonaldTrump @kirstiealley we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! ud83dudc4fud83dudc4fud83dudc4f Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp 
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #Trump2016 
@LallyRay: Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart 
Wow. Unbelievable. 
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #Trump2016 #VoteTrump n
Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going tou2026 
RT @RealBenCarson: Please read my full endorsement of @realDonaldTrump  for President of the United States: 
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you! 
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in. 
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain n3:00pm: 
RT @EricTrump: Friends in #FL #OH #NC #IL &amp; #MO we would be honored to have your #VOTE! #SuperTuesday #LetsDoThis #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Tu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 n
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#CrookedHillary gives Obama an u201cAu201d for an economic recovery thatu2019s the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruthu2026 
@gracefulme3: @seanhannity @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets: 
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans! #Debates2016 #MAGA 
By the way, Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the nAl-Shabaab terror video. 
RT @mike_pence: Join me in Colorado, today! Look forward to seeing you!nnDenver- 2pmn
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@RubinsteinNel: @realDonaldTrump @pearl_brendan @dphilbs If Trump doesn't win, we may not be able to recuperate America., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ukcatwoman52: @ericnlin @AC360 all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote! 
I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews  Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016n#SuperTuesday, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@RichBooth6: @realDonaldTrump @CNN good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight. Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private Eminent Domain --- Just another clueless politician! n
@Susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews @realDonaldTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate 
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Newt! 
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#AmericasMerkel 
@JoeNBC: Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2), in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrumpn
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE u201cDOMINATINGu201d THE DEBATE:n
@EmaGabi23: Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ScottWRasmussen: Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally 
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016n#NewYorkValues 
.@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:n
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: 
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Senator David Perdue!n
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!n
@Carolyn82471448: @WayneDupreeShow @realDonaldTrump All aboard the Trump Train!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@EricTrump- unbelievable job on #FoxNews with @greta. That was better than I could do! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@micah_micahk: @realDonaldTrump @blackan @DanScavino this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting! 
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the @JebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: We are going to be THRIVING again. - @realDonaldTrump #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 
Donu2019t like @SamuelLJacksonu2019s golf swing.  Not athletic. Iu2019ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers like absolute trash in order to pass Obama's amnesty. 
@Ravenrantz: #Billygraham's grand daughter #SupportsTrump 
@NBCDFW: Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering 
Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Iu2019m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100u2026 
#ICYMI: @foxandfriends this morning. n
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECHn
Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't spontaneous - like she claimed in Benghazi! 
Unbelievable. 
After @TrumpScotland, I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRallyn
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at nMar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush Jeb is incompetent and will lose, don't waste your energy on that cry baby!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN u2014 check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
.@FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @CLewandowski_: Gov Nikki Haley just became a liability for Rubio after this was published to social media! 
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016n
@nytimes: Breaking News: Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists 
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and @HillaryClinton will allow it to happen hu2026 
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys. 
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!nTranscript: 
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 
Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA n
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGAnn3pm in OH: 
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim cu2026 
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:u2026 
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump #Trump2016 n
I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp n
RT @PaulaReidCBS: .@CBSNews confirms FBI found emails on #AnthonyWeiner computer, related to Hillary Clinton server, that are new &amp; not pu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton: 
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @CNN - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016n
@MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: MELANIATRUMP
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm: 
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@PrisonPlanet: Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax. 
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @EricTrump: #Arizona: We made it easy to find your polling location for today's primary! Simply visit 
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@DistlerJoyce: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP 
@DarrenWaggener: @realDonaldTrump What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@kirstiealley: HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of @realDonaldTrump &amp; I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be on @FoxNews live,  with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together, we will putu2026 
Just sat down for a great interview with @PHussionWYFF in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why would Texans vote for liar Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: An Honor to be in #Indiana w @realDonaldTrump @greta &amp; the legend, Bobby Knight! I like our secret weapon better!!! httu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016nTickets: 
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets: 
Thank you! #Trump2016n
Wow @UnionLeader circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10u2014bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  @NBC, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#LawandOrder #ImWithYounTranscript: 
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight 
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- 
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. 
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. 
ud83dudea8BREAKINGud83dudea8: State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documentsn
When will CNN do a segment on Hillaryu2019s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGAn
#HappyMothersDay! n
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Officialu2019s Wife' 
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016 
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth 
I will be on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @CNN., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #AmericaFirst meansu2026 
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. 
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!n#TrumpPence16n
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I wonu2019t let them take away our guns! #Trump2016nWatch: 
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama.  --  Donald J. Trump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@rlbenney: @realDonaldTrump You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!n#SCPrimary #Trump2016 
Thank you @FaithandFreedom Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.n#RTM2016 #Trump2016 
Looking forward to meeting with @SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@HaloOneForTrump: @foxnews takes #YUGE hit on advertising revenues by screwing with @realDonaldTrump ROFL! 
RT @EricTrump: Join my family in this incredible movement to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!! Now it is up to you! Please #VOTE for America! 
New York, we will make America great again! 
Thanks @piersmorgan! nTrump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Discussing #NewYorkValuesnin Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary.nLETS GO NY! #VoteTrump n
@jtsbk:  @AllenWest thanks for sharing Eric we need @realDonaldTrump now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listenu2026 
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on @SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy! 
@Brainykid2010: @shl @realDonaldTrump The ad was actually very good!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: n
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @realDonaldTrump: HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU! 
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! n
@rkswaney7: @CNN @realDonaldTrump I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up &amp; you'll have this Democrats vote., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@bcuzimdamomma: @FreeDavidKing No she only gets #Americans killed #Benghazi - we need @realDonaldTrump #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@southpaw816: @SenSanders fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for @realDonaldTrump, at least you'll have a job., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @mike_pence: Congrats to my running mate @realDonaldTrump on a big debate win! Proud to stand with you as we #MAGA., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from nU.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016 nVideo: 
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@noamscheiber: Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ResisTyr:  Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! It's a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it! 
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Clinton's are the real predators...n
@WhiteJacketPink: @MyPresidentme @realDonaldTrump just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education, very poorly written., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016nTickets: 
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes, but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you @TrumpGolf!n
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@vegas_sports: Good for @realDonaldTrump he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for #Trump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@wpjenna: Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight... 
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slogu2026 
@MMMDigits: Well done #Biloxi....great display of Southern pride and hospitality at @realDonaldTrump event. Fired up and ready to go!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: 
Crookedu2019s top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST #DrainTheSwamp 
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@COWBOYSFORTRUMP: @ChristiChat @Rockprincess818 @realDonaldTrump That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! 
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@KurtSchlichter: My pal @DavidWohl was just on Megan Kelly's show! He digs Trump.  Thank you David, you were great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I agree, @MMFlint- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8. 
@Metazip: @AnnCoulter @DavidJMadeira  TheTrump phenomenon summed up: u201cLeadership, Fighter and Winner.u201d Not a Liar 
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesnu2019t have a clue., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@TeamTrump: .@mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by low ratings @CNN., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@DiCristo13: @realDonaldTrump let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy,  foreign policy, and NATO! 
The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! #TrumpPence16n
@DSF2020: Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: 100% TRUE --&gt; @realDonaldTrump is right - @HillaryClinton did call TPP u2018the gold standardu2019 #Debates2016 n
RT @detroitnews: .@IvankaTrump in Michigan: u2018This is your movementu2019 
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!nn 
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. 
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. Sheu2019s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Dummy writer @tonyschwartz, who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! n
@Tuggers56: @PMgeezer Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect him,  DonaldTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Phyllis Schlaflyu2019s Eagle Forum: u2018National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Yearu2019 
RT @FoxBusiness: .@JerryJrFalwell: I was so impressed by [@realDonaldTrump's] speech yesterday. He was the best I've ever seen him. 
Report raises questions about u2018Clinton Cashu2019 from Russians during u2018reset' 
@jrector34: @realDonaldTrump Amazing job, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16n
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country!u2026 
Stopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! 
@arnold_ziffel: @AnnCoulter also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as @realDonaldTrump was speaking. #UPUPUP, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary 
RT @mike_pence: History teaches us that weakness arouses evil. America needs to be strong on the world stage. #VPDebate 
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! 
.@RuthMarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the incident in her story. Because it did not happen!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. n#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
Join me in Bedford, New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGAu2026 
It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do. n#DrainTheSwamp! 
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGAn
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
On immigration, Iu2019m consulting with our immigration officersn&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYoun
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@AnnCoulter's new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called leaders ever learn!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video: 
It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Do you think @SenTedCruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually, I doubt it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@montgomeriefdn  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: montgomeriefdn
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DanScavino: LOUISIANA GENERAL ELECTIONnDonald Trump vs. Hillary Clintonn#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
RT @gatewaypundit: BREAKING POLL: Trump Gains 11 Points on Clinton Since March=&gt; Now Leads Crooked Hillary 46-44 
RT @TeamTrump: ONLY @realDonaldTrump will end what even @BillClinton called a CRAZY SYSTEM. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
@Trump_Videos: .@Nigel_Farage of the #brexit fame - We CAN do this! We can #MAGA with @realDonaldTrump 
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:n

Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@CNN just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@MJP1370: @realDonaldTrump Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@piersmorgan: Trump won that debate. People can huff &amp; puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. #GOPDebate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.n#ThankAVet Video: 
@HaloDad22: @realDonaldTrump I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent #Teachers4Trump! We represent #CA4Trump! #NeverDems, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@Franklin_Graham @BillyNungesser @SamaritansPurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@by @tedcruz good I want to see the court decide what I was always told natural born means - born on American soil, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#ICYMI: I agree- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8.u2026 
RT @EricTrump: Tune into @GMA right now to catch a great interview with my father &amp; the entire family! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 #VoteTrumpPence16 
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@realDonaldTrump hits new heights in national poll at 41% 
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.nnVisit: 
@BarronG510: @realDonaldTrump The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@grammies28: @realDonaldTrump was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back. 
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything u2018They Touch Turns To Molten Leadu2019 n
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16 
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!nTickets: 
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@piersmorgan: BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton's email server after new discovery!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @EricTrump: Who has voted today??? Feedback from the polls? I'm like a kid on Christmas! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@PMNOrlando: @realDonaldTrump I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  &amp; she still has room., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is allu2026 
My wife @MELANIATRUMP, and my children will be featured on @FoxNews with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy!n#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at 
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware the event had to be held in Cleveland - a total lie. These people are sick!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@MarkHalperin: My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: 43-39 
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with murder. Come November 8, she's out!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.  --   Donald J. Trump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump n
@FrankDallasAgg: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than @CNN, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@LoreWestphal @realDonaldTrump You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York! #NYPrimary #Trump2016n
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@LukeBrinker: One year from today. 
.@realDonaldTrump is PRO-LIFE, PRO-FAMILY #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 
Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the Trump phenomena, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@LiliannyLeebou: I think the first female president of the USA will be @IvankaTrump a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA!n#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNVn
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Together we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates 
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:u2026 
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watcu2026 
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people!n#Trump2016 Video: 
Join me live in Reno, Nevada!n
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016nUNIFYING THE NATIONnVideo: 
CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION. 
@Jmoschetti1363: @Johnatsrs1949 FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or (Dallas)police, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou 
@willspeakout: Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! #TrumpTrain Thanks, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!n
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! n#ICYMI- watch: 
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!n#DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay 
@HenryLeledog: @realDonaldTrump This Black Democrat is on the TRUMP TRAIN!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be on @wolfblitzer for a @CNNSitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!n#DebateNight #TrumpPence16, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Indies4Trump: Vote Early in the #LoneStarState #SuperTuesday @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@FaceTheNation: Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner @realDonaldTrump! 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clintonu2019s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
. #RepMikeKelly  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days 
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! 
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@GeraldoRivera @SenTedCruz got ass kicked by @realDonaldTrump last night-He offended every New Yorker &amp; has no answer to Natural Born issue, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary n
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. 
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. 
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet 
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like @BenSasse, who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!n
Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
u201cThe vast majority felt she should be prosecuted... -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty. n
@StevenMeyers11: @Vogelsong1 @EdRollins @FoxNews Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp; gets it right, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Pathetic attempt by @foxnews to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings! n
#ICYMI: John Podestau2019s Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putinu2019s Uranium Company: 
@Ausbiz:  Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA 
@KathyTravels777:  u013a @andersoncooper Tonight on CNN @realDonaldTrump was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
@realwwshelton: @loudobbsnews I believe that @realDonaldTrump will be the big winner tomorrow.  Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ARSenMissyIrvin: I want a you're fired president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $'s. @realDonaldTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AnnCoulter: I believe in science Dem code for we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great job @IvankaTrump! #RNCinCLEn
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@MajorCBS Major Garrett of @CBSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016 
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at

Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYoun
Join me in Florida tomorrow!nnMIAMIu202212pmn
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@TeamTrumpAZ: Check out HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ 
@Gsimmons03Ginny: @realDonaldTrump ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Remember @JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (come as act of love). Not a leader!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@noamscheiber: Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@elsolarverde: THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST @realDonaldTrump TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton 
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA n
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #Debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you, New Hampshire! n#FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH  nVoting questions? 
.@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and forgot to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting go away, no pictures., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Governor Rick Perry said Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen. Thank you Rick!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump 
Thank you! I miss my father.  
@Valdosta_Monkey: @ChrisCuomo @realDonaldTrump  Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA 
@FLifeforce: @_CFJ_ @vine That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for @realDonaldTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@timkaine is wrong for defense: n
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainn#Trump2016u00a0
Hypocrite! @HillaryClinton claims she needs a u201cpublic and a private stanceu201d in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DanScavino: Join @realDonaldTrump LIVE in Wisconsin with Gov. @ScottWalker, @MayorRGiuliani, @Reince &amp; Coach Bobby Knight! LIVE: 
I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
Remember, don't believe sources said by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
RT @TeamTrump: A @realDonaldTrump Administration will bring JOBS BACK! #Debates2016 
#HappyNewYearAmerica! 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: FORMER HOSTAGE SAYS PLANE WAITED UNTIL MONEY ARRIVED... 
Another Dishonest Politician n#LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio 
Our country is stagnant. Weu2019ve lost jobs and business. We donu2019t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillaryu2019s husband signed and she blessed, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @ 
#CaucusForTrump #Trump2016  
Join me in Washington today!nSpokane tickets:n
'The Clinton Foundationu2019s Most Questionable Foreign Donations'n#PayToPlay #DrainTheSwampn
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@SandraR67758219: @realDonaldTrump You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' 
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary n
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!n
@truthinvest: @CNN @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask @RealBenCarson, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@adhd_fa:Kudos to @PARISDENNARD for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending @realDonaldTrump #media bias, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst 
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin. n#VoteTrump on Tuesday, April 5th!nMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNews, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Rep. @CynthiaLummis!n
@DeplorableCBTP: In my mind, #DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess. - #PhilRobertson of TV's #DuckDynasty   Thank you Phil!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb.  
@Enlighten2881: @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 How come Rubio&amp;Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! n#VoteTrump on 3/5/2016! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!n
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016 n
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! #MAGAn
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you, @TheFix- Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right. 
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!nAmbridge: 
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!n#RIPrimary #VoteTrump n
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Newt!  
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you, Florida! #SuperTuesday n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@SkylerDeckard: @realDonaldTrump that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before favorite line from tonights debate., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Spoke with Governor @PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I donu2019t cheat at golf but @SamuelLJackson cheatsu2014with his game he has no choiceu2014and stop doing commercials!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just received the new Fox poll.nThank you, America! #Trump2016 
Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!nTrump 28%nCruz 15%nRubio 14%nKasich 13%nBush 8%nCarson 6%nSimon Poll/SIU, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@sareed59:  Our ineffective #POTUS has to make a speech in #Elkhart to make everything look great. Mr. Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
LYIN' TED 
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. Itu2019s time to get tough! 
Thank you Newt!  
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets: 
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Today's third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!n#FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
@Bonfiredesigns: @StellaDean Let's Get United In America With @realDonaldTrump 
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
.@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I donu2019t know @SamuelLJackson, to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercialsu2014boring. Not a fan., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA nTickets: 
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Senator Sessions will serve as the nChairman of my National Security nAdvisory Committee. 
@restorereality: Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! #AmericaFirst  
Thank you @RepReneeEllmers!n
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA nTickets: 
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife @MelaniaTrump.n
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your support!n#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
@mikiebarb: A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination for Rubio, says @apalmerdc: 
The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@puttster71: @bobvanderplaats The next president isn't on ur stage. @realDonaldTrump is the next president., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @GOP: In @timkaine's own words u2b07ufe0f #Debates2016 
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @RSBNetwork: LIVE Stream: Donald Trump about to speak in Boca Raton, FL. Protesters already before Trump speaks. #TrumpTrain nn
@Dale_Dangler: @realDonaldTrump You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen  Thanks., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Governor Alejandro Garcu00eda Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio u201cis no friend of Puerto Rico. 
I am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#TedCruz eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor, #LaurenceTribe 
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @Morning_Joe: VIDEO: @realDonaldTrump announces 'a very powerful endorsement' will be coming today.  
While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @LtStevenLRogers. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!n
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today u2013 totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! 
RT @EricTrump: Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 - he would need 112% of the remaining delegates to bu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@metalmom888:  @Theresa_Cali If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
See Lyin' Ted, even the @DailyBeast (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump! 
Tonight I will be on @FoxNews with @SeanHannity at 10pm and @CNN w/ @AndersonCooper at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Governor @Mike_Pence!nLets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. n#AmericaFirstu2026 
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations. 
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Willie Robertson! n#VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
History lesson: Thereu2019s a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Honeu2026 
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@CreativeXwalk: @realDonaldTrump teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@hofmannken: DonaldTrump, wish I could attend one of your rallies, none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!n#Trump2016 
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, @CNN is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @JeffFlake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America. 
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh @Penguins!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign. #FlashbackFriday 
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrainn
The debate tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! 
URGENT: weu2019ve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us! 
I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
There will be no amnesty!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYoun
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?n#DebateNight 
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President. Big problem, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:n
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE.u2026 
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?n#DrainTheSwamp 
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. nVideo: 
Crazy @megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE!n
@Crz4basball: @JudgeJeanine  @realDonaldTrump Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story nvia the Gateway Pundit: 
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@tcsorr: @jphilman0206 @realDonaldTrump self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like @tedcruz. Who owns Ted?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @transition2017: President-elect Trump announces selections for Attorney General, National Security Advisor, CIA Director. More here: htu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend @HowardStern a loser- heu2019s a winner!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@deacon6375: @realDonaldTrump i honestly believe you are the only one who can make #AmericaGreatAgain., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton u2018Blew The Police Off' 
@LindaHarden: @realDonaldTrump America loves Trump and @mike_pence -- praying for you every day. Stay strong. #TrumpPence2016 #NeverHillary, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Don_Vito_08: Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! #VoteTrump2016 JOIN ME ON THE #TrumpTrainud83dude82 
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! n#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLEn
@setfire2flames: Senator Sanders spent more than @realDonaldTrump yet lost., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ghosthunter_lol: Iowa key endorsement for @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for the Iowa caucus in 4 weeks! #Trump2016 
@pbralick: @BenKissel great on @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @JoNosuchinsky too  Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Do you believe that @UnionLeader in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received: 
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Veteran4Trump: Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; We've Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  @greta, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp 
Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders canu2019t compete!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Clive, Iowa!n
I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
RT @KellyannePolls: #Polls showing @realDonaldTrump surging, @hillaryclinton #slipping, have HER camp on defense/lowering expectations, goiu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@JoeNBC: FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, u201cIsrael is depressing.u201d I think Israel is inspiring!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!n#Trump2016 #INPrimary 
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#CrookedHillary 
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou 
RT @TeamTrump: It's hard to fight terrorism when you're making cash payments to the world's LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR. Under Trump: Nu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! n#MakeAmericaSafeAgainn
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that Ted Cruz must be defeated. Big shoker! People do not like Ted., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now: 
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video: 
@Jodygirl1010: @realDonaldTrump I am a woman who continues to support &amp; stand with #Trump! #dtmag 
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
.@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himselfu2014a bad guy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016 
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in @SInow / @Golf_com.nKeep up the great work! 
Thank you, America!  
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of Trump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC. 
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Gengm7: @jakeda @realDonaldTrump As of April this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association! n#NewYorkValues 
@KinnardJan: @Itsjoeco @realDonaldTrump I took Trump University class and saved my home!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@BrentBozell, one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!n#PAPrimary #VoteTrumpn
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, @KirstenPowers of @USATODAY and @FoxNews. 
Thank you Colorado! #MAGAn
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @T_Lineberger: Thanks @IvankaTrump for coming to help win Michigan! More people here than a Hillary rally with less than 24 hours noticeu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Bubble709_: @realDonaldTrump Praying for your family and your win in New York. Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. #Trump2016n
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! #Trump2016 
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA 
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forumu2019s u2018Islamist Money List'n
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016n
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail n
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst 
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They donu2019t want them heard. 
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
A rough night for Hillary Clinton  ABC News., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@chrisboydbrew: @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump @FoxBusiness.. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers Lou is great, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!  
@CharlesHodgson1:  A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America. @realDonaldTrump 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Thanks New Hampshire!!! n#NH #NewHampshire #MAGA 
@BrazielCarol: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Meet the u2018Trumpocratsu2019: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President: 
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @dcexaminer: EXCLUSIVE: How Donald Trump's 30 million followers are crashing the Internet 
My son, @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by @IvankaTrump, @LaraLeaTrump, @GenFlynn &amp; @MayorRGiuliani. 
@11phenomenon: #LyingTed blames @realDonaldTrump for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A Call for Unity by Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq 
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday 
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your support!n#AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016  
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n
Thank you for your support in Biloxi, MS! Let's ALL get out &amp; VOTE in 2016, so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruthn
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#FoxNews Poll - THANK YOU!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Hey @glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need tou2026 
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;
@snoozinglion1: .@realDonaldTrump Great comment after last rally @rightside on @YouTube Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz. #Excellent, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou 
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED! 
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! n#VoteTrumpNC on 3/15!nTrump 36%nCruz 18%nRubio 18%nCarson 10%nKasich 7%nVia @SurveyUSA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016 
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune. 
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE n
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.
@DittoPost: @realDonaldTrump @Crusade4Honesty @BornToBeGOP @megynkelly I believe in Trump!!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2), in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@KaceyIlliot1669: @realDonaldTrump We actually really do love you! Great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your continued support!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
#DrainTheSwamp n
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us @TrumpTurnberry yesterday! @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr 
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The only reason irrelevant @GlennBeck doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATIONn#Debate #BigLeagueTruth 
@THEREALMOGUL: 41% of American voters believe the  election could be stolen from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. nu274cLIBYAnu274cSYRIAnu274cIRANnu274cIRAQnu274cASIA PIVOTnu274cRUSSIAN RESETnu274cBENGHAZIu2026 
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. 
ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 
@TrumpTrainRider: .@realDonaldTrump Watching you on Fox with @megynkelly now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@adriparsonss: @The_Trump_Train @realDonaldTrump #Donald Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him! Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Ironic since Hillary has gotten a lot more of that dark unaccountable money into her campaign. #debates, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRallynTickets: 
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@CharleneOsbor17: @realDonaldTrump politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Montana! #Trump2016n
RT @KellyannePolls: After a decent first debate, @HillaryClinton is back to form: pedantic, lawyerly, technocratic, (woefully untruthful) ru2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou 
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ET, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain n
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up. 
@newtgingrich: Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lyinu2019 Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglasu2014 just another dishonest politician., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS.n#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay 
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
@tweak626: I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a @realDonaldTrump fan. Love it., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@VictorConkle: #WIPrimary @realDonaldTrump will defeat ISIS and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!  
Ted Cruz does not have the right temperment to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary has bad judgment! 
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will make our Military so big, powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us. #Trump2016 
#SecondAmendment #2An#Debates 
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @SarahPalinUSA: Trading in the beautiful snow of Iowa for the red dirt of Oklahoma as planned, despite what the media is try's no... httu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, Maryland! #VoteTrump n
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@FoxNews is changing their  theme from fair and balanced to unfair and unbalanced. But dying @WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey u2018Stood In The Wayu2019 Of Clinton Email Investigation:n
Thank you America! #Trump2016n
The failing @UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DarrenJJordan: CONSTRUCTIVE WINS! ud83dudcaa n@realDonaldTrump @CLewandowski_ @DanScavino @MichaelCohen212 @KatrinaPierson @DefendingtheUSA 
Under a Trump administration, it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYoun
We are going to make this a government of the people once again!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYoun
@Keeblerqueen: @RealRudyGiulian @realDonaldTrump Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for deceit and dirty tricks and lies., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov. @Mike_Pence!n#GOPinCLE #GOPConventionn#AmericaFirst 
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: 
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#CrookedHillary Job Application 
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@glozee1: Great interview with @PaulManafort on @CNN regarding @realDonaldTrump path to victory #NewDay #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @DanScavino, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
New National GOP Zogby Polln#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'n
@TakingIt_Back:  @nytimes keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! #Trump2016 Thanks., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@gordonsr1052:  Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon, who could expect any more?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU! John Wayne Walding n
@markgruber1960: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed  True!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump, Delaware! 
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! 
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! nThank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@sara_wejesa: @realDonaldTrump Great speach!!!!!!!  Thanks!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS.n
RT @Carl_C_Icahn: 2/2  How many of our presidents, even our great presidents, would have handled the antics that went on in that auditoriumu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with @SarahPalinUSA to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! 
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Ward_II: Oh great @MittRomney is doing a @SenatorReid on @realDonaldTrump like losing the presidency wasn't enough #Trump2016 He's a fool, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your support!n
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'n
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' 
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgainu2026 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Last chance #Wisconsin: Find your polling location for today's primary &amp; go vote! Visit 
RT @gatewaypundit: Democrat Fire Marshal Turns THOUSANDS of Trump Supporters Away at Columbus Rally 
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump.n
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#CrookedHillary n
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creatiu2026 
You can find your polling locations at: n
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: 
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16 n
Thank you America! #Trump2016 n
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!n
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Lisa_Milicaj: Truth be told, I  never heard of The National Review until they tried to declare war on you. No worries, you got my vote!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@RBacliff: Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America's hands. No guns = no protection. Get on #TrumpTrain &amp; join @NRA to stop her., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@timkaine oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 while @mike_pence DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826.u2026 
@Ausbiz:  RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS: 
@jallenaip: Hillary said she was in a Fog of War as explanation for the lies about Benghazi. No fog allowed in WH. Vote Trump POTUS!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lyinu2019 Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! 
@Genie115: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain we can only do that with @realDonaldTrump RT 
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #MAGAn
Who did the House Task Force onnUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? n
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'Why Trump' 
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp n
@BradCross4: @Drudge_Report_ @realDonaldTrump 
@55Lidsville:  #TeamTrump @KellyannePolls You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#ObamacareFail 
@buiIdthewall: @realDonaldTrump high energy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@dubilujane: I trust @realDonaldTrump more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without a  doubt., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@getreal1234: @realDonaldTrump @Kids123Nicholas @gqforbes @RepTomMarino let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGA n
Join @mike_pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: 
Highly overrated &amp; crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New Iowa poll. Thank you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to au2026 
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:u2026 
Thank you Dallas, Texas! n
Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)n
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: FINAL PUSH! Eric and I doing dozens of radio interviews. We can win this thing! GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA #ElectionDay htu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@maidaa17: @realDonaldTrump GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.n
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:n
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@sandrajeanne48: No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES @TheFive, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #Trump2016 
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH n
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!u2026 
@AK_TWEET: #TheDonald's hair gets the #JimmyFallon treatment on #TheTonightShow #TrumpPence16 
@herb_stamper: @JackoffJosh711 @SenFrankNiceley @FoxNews @WSJ we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him Great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @EricTrump: I look forward to being on @CNN with @ErinBurnett at 7:40pmET. @realDonaldTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016nTickets: 
.@HillaryClinton : Bill u201cclarifiedu201d what he meant when calling Obamacare a u201cdisaster.u201d Actually u201cdisasteru201d is pretty clear. #Debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@susanbirchfiel1: Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for @realDonaldTrump 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the womanu2019s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet u201cwhen a woman stands up to youu2026u201d, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me! #Trump2016nn6/10: Richmondn
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar! as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! 
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Like the worthless @NYDailyNews, looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.n#StandWithLouisiana 
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down! 
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews  Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@VoteTrumpMAGA: The media attack on @realDonaldTrump is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep #Trump in the news - a good thing., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@restorereality  Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! #TrumpTrain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Exclusive interview w/ my wife @MELANIATRUMP- tomorrow morning @ 8amE on @Morning_Joe w/ @morningmika @MSNBC. Enjoy! 
Thank you, California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
@splashpoint50: @realDonaldTrump Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, the baby and so much more. Very dishonest!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Arena was packed, totally electric!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp; replace it w/ something much better., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure'n#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillaryn
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimaryn
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst 
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
Clinton Foundationu2019s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former Presidentn
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!n#ObamacareFailed, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! n
Is Hillary really protecting women? 
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@SCPioneer: @stockdaleism @JamesRosenFNC @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took. Thanks., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to @jdickerson and @FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell! 
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AmericanAsPie:  @glennbeck @SarahPalinUSA Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@jimmyfallon: Tonight: @realDonaldTrump, @normmacdonald, a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest #MyTeacherIsWeird tweets. #FallonTonight, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA 
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. n
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! 
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you California! See you soon!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
@Plazzmatic: @realDonaldTrump @danpgabriel Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watchu2026 
@CarolBurnett3:  @AnnCoulter I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clintonu2019s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here:u2026 
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina!n#ICYMI, watch hereu2026 
@MarkSimoneNY: Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing: 
RT @TeamTrump: Mrs. Saucier's son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device. @HillaryClinton did FAR WORSE &amp; is runninu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Will miss @RealBenCarson tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video: 
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said, DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why doesnu2019t @MittRomney just endorse @marcorubio already.nShould have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too latennow!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AshleyEdam: It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months #voteTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@thydanielflores: .@megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Best interview that I have ever seen., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;u2026 
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! 
For reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A suggestion for the dishonest media- 
Thank you Richmond, Virginia! n#Trump2016 
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. #Trump2016n
Great night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! n#ICYMI watch rally here:u2026 
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS ROLLING:  TRUMP 39%, CRUZ 14.5%, BUSH 10.6%, CARSON 9.6%, RUBIO 6.7%... MORE... 
THANK YOU AMERICA!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@trumplican2016: @realDonaldTrump @DavidWohl stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump n
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYoun
Just received from @PeteRose_14. nThank you Pete! #VoteTrump on nTuesday Ohio! #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Funny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Her instincts are suboptimal.n
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@donnieboysmith: @realDonaldTrump in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @Carl_C_Icahn: 1/2   Believe Trump gave a great speech., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @GMA: WATCH: @IvankaTrump on women who work; empowering campaign celebrates modern women.  
#ObamacareFail 
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'n
Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: 
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing unfairness - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together,u2026 
#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITNn
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
RT @GOP: On National #VoterRegistrationDay, make sure you're registered to vote so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable! 
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp; #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@RedRising11: ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8I am a woman &amp; I JUST VOTED FOR @realDonaldTrump #NebraskaPrimary #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident 
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@QueenCharlotteO: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes I'm a women &amp; I 100% support @realDonaldTrump &amp; I have since the beginning. Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor @ScottWalker! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!u2026 
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell- will see you soon. #TrumpPence16 n
Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said Trump is a genius. America 1st!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
2004 VIDEO:nPocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016 n
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at 
#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016n
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
AMERICA FIRST!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.n
Thank you!nMitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. nTrump 47% Clinton 43% 
RT @JohnStossel: I can skate here ONLY b/c @realdonaldtrump fixed this rink after NYC govu2019t spent $13M, but FAILED! Good for Trump! 
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton campu2019s work with u2018VERY friendly and malleable reportersu2019 n#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillaryn
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with @MELANIATRUMP. Join us! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 
After Crooked @HillaryClinton allowed ISIS to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan: 
@gene70: @realDonaldTrump The Real Person Of The Year! 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November 8th &amp; we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley n#ICYMI, watch hereu2026 
@CLewandowski_: .@stuartpstevens --failed strategist who can't find clients criticizes winning #TeamTrump. Stop complaining &amp; try winning, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country.  We must put #AmericaFirst. 
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you, Iowa! #FITN #IACaucusn#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN 
@MagicMetalNinja:  The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for #AmericaFIRST., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@LunsfordWhitney: This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president! #Women4Ttump #Trump2016 
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor @Mike_Pence and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain 
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you!n#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@slh: I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on 
Happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Michael Harrison @Talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation. Actually, she has done poorly with such men!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@laurencristmann:  @Sharp_Trident @megynkelly it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@xGodfatherxzx: @realDonaldTrump amazing on Megan Kelly Thanks., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@gamzorz:  @megynkelly Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#DrainTheSwamp!n
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsu2014both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:n
Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Crusade4Honesty:  @BornToBeGOP @megynkelly  Megan can not contain her bias, it's in every show, Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwampn
RT @EricTrump: Friends: Remember to VOTE tomorrow if you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas!  ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Will be on @foxandfriends now., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @KellyannePolls: more media #polls showing @realDonaldTrump ahead in states Pres Obama won twice. 
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrumpn#iCaucused #iVotedn
RT @DanScavino: Join @realDonaldTrump LIVE in Denver, Colorado via his #Facebook page- we are here!!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgainud83cuddfaud83cuddf8  n
Huma calls it a MESS, the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.n#DrainTheSwamp 
RT @CLewandowski_: Trump winning over Latino Republicans, poll says | New York Post 
@CatOnGlass: 200,000 new followers for @realDonaldTrump. From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so! #MAGA #AlwaysTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016n
u201cWhat America Needs: The Case for Trumpu201d Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord @JeffJlpa1 Available now. 
RT @TeamTrump: .@realDonaldTrump is here to talk about the REAL issues #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 
.@DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; his wife @MrsVanessaTrump attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor @TerryBranstad. 
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm EST on @FoxNews! Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@nellalda: @realDonaldTrump We stand by Trump 100%  Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@svhlevi: @DiamondandSilk @realJeffreyLord @realDonaldTrump @CNN and we love you Diamond and Silk  I do also!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16 
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@TaylorEdwards99: THIS IS @POTUS'S LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED @realDonaldTrump NOW!! #MAGA #TRUMP2016 
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows quid pro quo in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. 
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! 
I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@1sonny12: @KSmith233035 @mitchellvii  FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@kridan1: Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! 
MONDAY - 11/7/2016nnScranton, Pennsylvania at 5:30pm.n
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? 
Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party ntogether --- and it will happen!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU! #Trump2016n#IACaucus finder: 
Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#VoteTrumpMI! #Trump2016n
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable! 
When I said in an interview that Putin is not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down, I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported, it was a DISASTER. 
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! #ImWithYounTickets: 
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@tcloer11: @realDonaldTrump Great job! Make America Great Again!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@JoeNBC: Trump, Kasich, Jeb and Christie all had good nights., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@FamilyRedsFans: @FoxNews is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. #fairandbalancedmyass  He is weak on illegal immigration!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why doesn't phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT! 
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:n
The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#VoteTrumpMS! #Trump2016n
.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 n
Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends. n
Failing @GlennBeck lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. 
@ilduce2016: u201cIt is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.u201d u2013 @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@thecybermenace: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell, MA tonight, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I hear that @SenTedCruzu2019s $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Tedu2019s) holdings.?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @mike_pence: Thereu2019s one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the American economy. #VPDebate 
Here we go - Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Obama Refers to Himself 119 Times During Hillary Nominating Speech... 
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump n
The truth is a beautiful weapon. 
@NorahODonnell: Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'n
Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFEu2026 
Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:u2026 
THANK YOU!  n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow! 
#LaborDay #AmericaFirstnVideo: 
The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your support &amp; nfriendship- Governor @ChrisChristie!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@RealJamesWoods:  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
FACT u2714ufe0f on u201cred lineu201d in Syria: HRC I wasnu2019t there. Fact: line drawn in Aug u201912. HRC Secy of State til Feb u201913. 
@ragdollive: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!! Not really soft at all!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!n
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@aldonturnaolco1: @FrankLuntz @marthamaccallum @realDonaldTrump good!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@FreemarketSara: Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations @realDonaldTrump 
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:u2026 
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:u2026 
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! 
@JoeDeFranco: Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Speaker @PRyan!n#AmericaFirst #Trump2016  
Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirstn
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@WPayton344: @PaulManafort Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!nnSanford at 3pm:n
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016 n
On my way! 
#Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram: 
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
Wow, just won Missouri!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!  @CBSNews @jdickerson, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life!u2026 
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.)., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
On the 13th tee box @TrumpScotland with my grand daughter, Kai! @DonaldJTrumpJr 
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! n#ObamacareFail 
#CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world! udbffudc00 n#BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 
Van Jones: u2018There Is A Crack in the Blue Wallu2019 u2014 It Has to Do With Trade: 
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way. n
Thank you Eric! 
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! 
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Tune in at 
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: LIMBAUGH: By not showing, he's owning entire event... 
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainn
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare: 
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
u201cPalinu2019s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower,u201d said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@CASuperrunner: @georgehenryw Huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind @realDonaldTrump  I agree!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@trumplican2016: .@realDonaldTrump  There will be MASSIVE turnout for you,  Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsu2014both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, &amp; run as an Independent., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? 
RT @seanhannity: Graph: @RealDonaldTrump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes Compared To Every GOP Nominee Since 1908 
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU!nVOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC 
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and thatu2019s what youu2019ll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great new poll- thank you! 
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado! n#TrumpRally #AmericaFirstn
RT @JaniceTaylor912: @DonaldJTrumpJr @Reryan08 @IvankaTrump @EricTrump obvious to all that he raised some GREAT, responsible, patriotic kidu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox &amp; the @NRA! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Thank you @SenatorSessions!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary n
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via @WSJ: 
Ron Fournier: Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichmentu201dn
Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNN, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wacky @NYTimesDowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster &amp; all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @TeamTrump Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@HillaryClinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning! 
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by @arappeport of the @NYTimes. n
Thank you for your endorsement, @GovernorSununu. #MAGA n
Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@kdk144: @realDonaldTrump Everybody is In A New York State of Mind now!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGAnTickets:u2026 
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Senator @TedCruz!n#Debates2016 #MAGA 
@R_U_OK_UK: @realDonaldTrump @glozee1 @PaulManafort @CNN @DanScavino Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - #WakeUpAmerica, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Tennessee GOP Polln
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@lovusa4: @RichardWeaving Why @foxandfriends @NewDay WHERE IS THE REPORTING @realDonaldTrump &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @billoreilly &amp; @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio 
Watch @IvankaTrump show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video: 
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! nEDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president' 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
@Jimbos2002:  @Morning_Joe Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. 
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location: 
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO: 
Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. Thatu2019s because there were so many positive statements., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: When @realDonaldTrump is POTUS, families are going to be safe and secure. Law and order will be RESTORED! #MAGA #Debates #Deu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@JoeNBC: Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. 
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isnu2019t questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who canu2019t win., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential winn
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. 
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@realDonaldTrump is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwampu2026 
@chgardens1: @mitchellvii Pathetic attempt to bribe @realDonaldTrump He can't be bought, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Florida tomorrow! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain nnDaytona | 3pm- n
Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I canu2019t tell the truth about her husband? Donu2019t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida!nWatch here:u2026 
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
RT @TeamTrump: Hillary's policies have made America less safe, that's why 200+ general and military leaders have endorsed @realDonaldTrump!u2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DanScavino: OHIO GENERAL ELECTIONnDonald Trump vs. Hillary Clintonn#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16n
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me this weekend! #NYPrimaryn4/16: SYRACUSE - NOONn
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! n#CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimaryn
Join me on @greta- from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016 n
My thoughts and prayers go out to the @PhillyPolice &amp; @Penn police officers- in Philadelphia. 
RT @IvankaTrump: Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote! #Election2u2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
We launched a new series of #Trump2016 videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch: 
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@GOP_Left_Me: @JoeNBC Donald Trump won that debate hands down, Christi beat up Rubio., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%' 
Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:u2026 
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. 
Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem. 
RT @greta: interesting poll results so far (and go vote on 
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@EnemyWithinn: @realDonaldTrump @elsolarverde @nytimes People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump. That would indeed be nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @LouDobbs: Trump outlines new child-care policy proposals via the @FoxNews App @realDonaldTrump seems a candidate of destiny 
RT @NFIB: .@NFIB encouraged by @realDonaldTrumpu2019s #taxplan, says #smallbiz would benefit from lower tax rate: 
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch:u2026 
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE 
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Elvisfan1976: @NRSC stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and he's self funding!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare. 
Yesterday was amazingu20145 victories.  Lyinu2019 Ted Cruznhad zero. Things are going very well!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In the just out @FoxNews Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. 
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Will be joining @jimmyfallon on @FallonTonight at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The failing @NYDailyNews, destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: 'Win-lose deal that benefits Iran and hurts United States'... 
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYounTickets: 
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention 
@Ollie_621: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump I think it's more like 64%. #VoteTrumpNYud83duddfd #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@HillaryClinton's tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE. 
@J58golf: @realDonaldTrump been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp 
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just out according to @CNN: Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, @IvankaTrump! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday 
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign u2018All Tactics,u2019 No Vision: 
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@classyexplorer:  @ahernandez85a Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@CyberCiety: #MaryBrigidMcManamon clarified how #CommonLaw is used to interpret meaning of #NaturalBorn #TedCruz 
@babo_sirin: BUSTED AGAIN: @TedCruz in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising #SCPrimary 
@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida. n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@HillaryClinton - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight 
RT @EricTrump: Friends: If you live in AL, AK, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VT or VA, get out and VOTE on Tuesday! #Trump2016 
Thank you Sparks, Nevada!n#VoteTrumpNV nn#NevadaCaucus Finder: n
u201cDonald Trumpu2014The Disrupteru201d will air on @FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. @johnrobertsFox, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@D: #MaryBrigidMcManamon, Washington Post: Constitutionally speaking, #Cruz simply isnu2019t eligible to be president 
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@kristopheryan11: @realDonaldTrump mr trump you were excellent on @seanhannity tonight  Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #MAGAn
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? nDishonest media! #Frozen 
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio!n
New National Rasmussen Poll: 
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: 
#ThrowbackThursday #Trump2016n
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@mariadaq:  HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, &amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, @LindseyGrahamSC, and just go home., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallum, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@MariaErnandez3b: Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally #TRUMP STRONG 
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillaryu2019s Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks: 
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. 
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! n
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@jeffpaine:  @realDonaldTrump you crushed the debate! Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person. 
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@stranahan: Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart 
Congratulations to @CNN for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@TimVincent56:  @LindseyGrahamSC Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it #VoteTrump2016 
.@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#CrookedHillary 
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debateu00a0 #BigLeagueTruth 
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back u2013 BIGGER, and BETTER, and Su2026 
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:n
#VoteTrumpHI! #Trump2016n
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @EricTrump: Nevada remember you can Vote and Go - walk in vote and walk out! nCaucus locator: 
@jd4160: Nice column by Bill Donahue, head of Catholic League. He's a blue collar New Yorker and gets it 
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@iamDaveK: @realDonaldTrump first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 
@patrioticpepe: @realDonaldTrump ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!! #Trump2016 
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!n
Thank you #Biloxi, #Mississippi! Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp; #VoteTrump2016! 
@ellenEspence @realDonaldTrump Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! 
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@realDonaldTrump &amp; @HillaryClinton leading POLLS w/ one week until #IowaCaucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on @FoxBusiness 7PM, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:n
@pattiandsammi: @gullakhta99 @realDonaldTrump @Tytan01 @CNN WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. #WOMEN4TRUMP, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I hope when the MSM runs its u201cinterruption countersu201d they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me comu2026 
Join our next Vice President, @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!nnMI: 
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: @realDonaldTrump on the stakes in this election #Debates2016 
Thank you, Florida! #Trump2016 
.@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#ImWithYou 
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Thau2026 
Great. Just reported on @FoxNews that many people who supported @JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM NO, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@red77angelluis: @realDonaldTrump @NeilTurner_ @YouTube LET'S GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@DonaldJTrumpJr: Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner 
Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria  @FoxBusiness at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Kids123Nicholas: @gqforbes  @RepTomMarino @realDonaldTrump.Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why does @CNN &amp; @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Good2bqueen67:  @brithume @megynkelly They're too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election they'll get it., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN   @FoxNews, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMInTrump 35%nKasich 17%nCruz 12%nRubio 12%nCarson 9% nVia: ARG, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, big lines in Kansas., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country du2026 
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@paintonmyjeans: If I owned a big company that was failing, I'd hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wouldnt be considered, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great job on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! #VoteTrumpn
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets #MAGAu2026 
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal 
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Weu2019ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! 
On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. Special: Meet the Trumps Hope you enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Someone please fact check her coal comments. Give me a break. #debates, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@JerryJrFalwell: A majority of evangelicals believe @realDonaldTrump is best equipped to save the country. #Greta, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@GOPjenna: I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE. And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@SCNAK45: @megynkelly is trying so hard to bash @realDonaldTrump it's ridiculous Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA 
@dbongino: u2018Now cut off my mic!u2019 Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment u2013 HEATED! 
Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!n#IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016 n
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! n#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a whore. Terrible!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@dmharvey89: @realDonaldTrump @wdct8110 I just voted for @realDonaldTrump in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit! Fantastic!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain 
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@WaltSeher: @realDonaldTrump @morg25016893 @eventbrite yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@longtalltexan20 @realDonaldTrump  I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are!  Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou n
#IACaucus u2022 2/1/2016 u2022 6:30pmn#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!nnIowa caucus finder: 
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
RT @AnnCoulter: GREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTON'S FAREWELL ADDRESS., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:nnDaytona | 3pm- 
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgainnTickets: 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: WSJ:  The Cold Clinton Reality... 
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will putu2026 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as @CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016n#SuperSaturday, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio. 
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against Itn
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@JackBurtonReflx:  @jdenino1 @DavidWohl @ss I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join @TeamTrump on Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott, @chaseelliott, @DavidRagan, &amp; @RyanJNewman! #NASCAR #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpn
@pink_sprnva: @pastormike7 @thehill I agree with you on this. @realDonaldTrump won't be good. He will be great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@CarrollKuykend2: This veteran just voted @realDonaldTrump in the SC primary, let's make America great again!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud 
CLINTONu2019S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:n
RT @JoeNBC: Pope Francis, tear down that wall!n#vaticanwalls 
@RonnieMemo: DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isnu2019t afraid to tell it like it is. Governor @ChrisChristie, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great new poll- thank you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@DebraRakestraw:  You have over 2M followers more than than @HillaryClinton. This says something about how America feels. #Trump2016 ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will sing again., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Reno, Nevada. nNOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirstu2026 
Thank you, Anthony @Scaramucci @WSJ The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump  
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@GeeVeeM: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016nVideo: 
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is @JebBushu2019s finance chairman. If Woody wouldu2019ve been w/me, he wouldu2019ve been in the playoffs, at least!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 
'Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare'n
@rwalkerTennesse: #SouthCarolina If you want a job next January @Vote_For_Trump today. @realDonaldTrump will work for the people., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16 nTickets:u2026 
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emailsn
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFu2026 
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans' 
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Both are looking good! Now we begin!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities. #ImWithYoun
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, @CNN ratings are up 75% because it's all Trump, all the time. The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election: n
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
@becker_berta: @vivhall3 @Reince Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @mike_pence: Good morning! Join me in Lima, Ohio - tomorrow evening at 7pm. #MAGAnTickets: 
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast @ChezVachon this morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNHn
RT @EricTrump: Wow! I am speechless! Thank you to my sidekick @LynnePatton who keeps me &amp; the @EricTrumpFdn in line! 
RT @AnnCoulter: Anyone who plans to talk about Trump ever again has to see this speech.  Your opinion is irrelevant unless you listened tou2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp n
The Republican platform is most npro-Israel of all time!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- justu2026 
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Off to Indiana! #Trump2016 
RT @benshapiro: Pope on Trump: A person who thinks only about building walls...is not Christian. This is Vatican City. 
RT @IvankaTrump: Ivanka is joining @realDonaldTrump to outline an innovative new child care policy to support American families. Tune in tou2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Such a great honor! n
@007cigarjoe: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump IS THE ONLY DEAL !!! 
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you America! #MAGAnnRasmussen National PollnDonald Trump 43%nHillary Clinton 40% 
@ABC:DonaldTrump: The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order. #GOPDebate 
RT @robertjeffress: Honored to pray for my friend, @realDonaldTrump, at tonight's Dallas rally. #TrumpDallas c: @DanScavino 
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters in violation. They are now under investigation. Bad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AnnesLimo: @realDonaldTrump @WVTTS1017 Thanks for Rochester rally.  Great people, thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: #RattledHillary wants to talk about her 30 years in service. How about her 30 years of FLOPSu2194ufe0fFLOPS?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debatu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Honored to receive an endorsement from @SJSOPIO - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGu2026 
Nobody beats me on National Security. n
Hawaii:n
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: n
@JoeNBC: Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lightweight @JebBush said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! n#GOPDebate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ileanabarkus:  @nytdavidbrooks I totally agree! @nytdavidbrooks is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you, America! #Trump2016nVia @DRUDGE_REPORT 
@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!nWatch: 
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it. n#DrainTheSwamp 
@DiamondandSilk: .@DonaldJTrumpJr awesome job on @CNNSotu. DonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses 2 play the game call Delegate Bribery, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the Whiteu2026 
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! 
Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@fivestarr6028: Yes! Hubby and I voted 4 @realDonaldTrump already! 
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16 n
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@Larry_Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'n
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! nWatch: 
@PennyHicks13: @Carolde @kisster1 @FoxNews   Your tax and economic plans are second to none! 
Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016n#SuperTuesday, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked @HillaryClinton's foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!  
.@megynkelly recently said that she canu2019t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! 
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: 
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: 
Thank you Anaheim, California!n#Trump2016 
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA 
RT @GOP: Reminder: last year, Clinton pledged she had turned over all work-related email under penalty of perjury u2b07ufe0f 
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm!n#TrumpPence16 #MAGA nTickets: 
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record: 
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. nLets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! nFull Naples rallyu2026 
.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ladytsbrug: Lovely interview, Mr. Trump! @realDonaldTrump Thanks., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Never let them see you sweat! 
@marie7777777777: @realDonaldTrump we love u to Trump Family. God bless you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obamau2014but nobody else does!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays' #CrookedHillaryn
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!nnColorado Springs: 
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! 
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate 
Great job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: 
My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016nTickets: 
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected @OANN @GravisMarketing poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus 
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: 
@Sharp_Trident: A huge disappointment to see @megynkelly constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@FrankyLamouche: how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ArkaysDesign: @slone @realDonaldTrump Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump Cruz &amp; Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt; 
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@chucktodd said today on @meetthepress that attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before. Wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp; won!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ericnlin: @AC360 DonaldTrump: no raise in 8 years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar.  TRUMP 2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#Imwithyou 
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now. nWatch NH rally here:u2026 
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp 
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Watching my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.u2026 
.@JebBush is a low energy stiff who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!nnMIAMIu202212pmn
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYoun
Great new poll. Thank you Texas! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out 
@PYNance: Evangelical women live at #trumptower @pdpryor1 @CissieGLynch @SaysGabrielle 
@GStephanopoulos: Whatu2019s @realDonaldTrump's strategy to secure the GOP nomination? Iu2019ll talk to the Republican front-runner. @ThisWeekABC., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our leader - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU! 
@RosieGray: Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump 
EXCLUSIVE u2014 Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:n
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Cam: Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on ## I'll post @AnnCoulter 
.@stuartpstevens horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain nTickets: 
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @IngrahamAngle: The #CruzCrew prevailed! Smart for @MarcoRubio to keep his speech short &amp; sweet. Ditto for @realDonaldTrump who was brieu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! 
The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you, @DonaldJTrumpJr! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016 
.@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Thank you America! #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and chu2026 
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGAn
Hillaryu2019s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughteru2019s wedding. Thatu2019s a lot of wedding emails. #debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@sprinklermanus: @CNN @realDonaldTrump they're spending millions but you're still going to win - go Donald Trump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @atensnut: How many times must it be said? Actions speak louder than words. DT said bad things!HRC threatened me after BC raped me., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, @Politico is in total disarray nwith almost everybody quitting. Goodnnews -- bad, dishonest journalists! 
We will repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster! 
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California!nThank you!! #Trump2016 
@meequalsfree: Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house! @realDonaldTrump  @mike_pence, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@curtandkaren: Kudos to @megynkelly and @realDonaldTrump for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy ud83dudc4d, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @newtgingrich: Seems out of touch w/ reality to announce a VP nominee before securing 1237 delegates. 
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOPnLegacy Of Leading On Womenu2019s, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democrats n
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016n
.@tedcruz Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives #TeamTrump credit. 
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@HosierN: @foxnewspolitics A vote for @tedcruz or @marcorubio is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Yesterday's failing @NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed! 
RT @RealBenCarson: Many people fight for change in DC. @realDonaldTrump is a leader with an outsideru2019s perspective &amp; the vision, guts &amp; eneu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AZTRUMPTRAIN: I #Voted for DonaldTrump! #Arizona u2609 #Economy #Immigration #Jobs #Veterans #BorderControl #Tradeu2026 
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@gerriweth: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@GmoneyRainmaker: I hope @CNN has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching @FoxNews. Watching Trump tonight #GOPDebate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Reuters polling just out- thank you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN  @jaketapper  Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a cu2026 
Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you New Hampshire! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 
Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you agree - @HillaryClinton &amp; @timkaine are WRONG for America! #VPDebate #MAGA 
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou nTickets: 
@Mark98z: @realDonaldTrump Mr. TRUMP this was your best, most energized one to date. ( and i have watched most of them)... WELL DONE, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall &amp; enforce our laws!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@michael_favreau: @JIS3 @realDonaldTrump He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
CLINTONu2019S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:n
@wdct8110: @realDonaldTrump We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !! 
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@itsblakec: @realDonaldTrump Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice #DrainTheSwampn
Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governor @Mike_Pence and I now, LIVE via: 
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! #VoteTrumpn
Thanks Piers. 
Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAINu2026 
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrainnTickets: 
@M0ther0f2kids: @meetthepress @NBCNews @clewandowski Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@SheriffClarke: 
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New CBS poll. #Trump2016n
About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:u2026 
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS POLL:  CLINTON, TRUMP ALL TIED UP... 
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@rapidcraft: Hereu2019s The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About 
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders political revolution. He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ifdanyt: @realDonaldTrump Loving @mike_pence he's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Jeff Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@saneplanet: after tonight it is clear! Utah is #TrumpCountry  #Utah #Mormon #UtahPrimary #Utah4Trump 
.@JonahNRO, watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am watching two clown announcers on @FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?  
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016nLIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCEnVideo: 
@OliMauritania: @realDonaldTrump Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we won't have a country anymore!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and choice - a total lie!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz said he didn't know that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@TheBrodyFile Exclusive: @realDonaldTrump Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than @tedcruz 
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16 
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'n#DrainTheSwamp 
@JimmyTheSaint09: @realDonaldTrump @RonnieMemo @ChrisChristie anything is better than @marcorubio, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video: 
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio!n#TrumpRally #MAGAn
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Laura!  
THANK YOU AMERICA! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Watching the #GOPConventionn#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldnu2019t care less about the American workeru2026does nothing to help!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beatu2014she had one!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Willnthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@creta_r: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @AdrianaCohen16: Carly Fiorina no lifeboat for a fast-sinking @tedcruz campaign 
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets:u2026 
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGAnTickets: 
Jennifer is a terrific person. 
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: n
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @NRA- prior to @GOPconvention! #Trump2016 #2A  
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016n#WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain 
This is the simple fact about @HillaryClinton: she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #Debates2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @namusca: #VoteTrump2016 a real leader that truly cares about America &amp; our values. He wants to bring prosperity back 2 USA 
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGAu2026 
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944. 
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@MrJuuon: #WeAreBernie will be overtaken by #WeWantTrump. We are superior and have more supporters. #makeamericagreatagain #trump., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ghfanlovessonny: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016 Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and 
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'nTime to #DrainTheSwamp! n
@jdenino1: @DavidWohl  @realDonaldTrump 
@SpartanMaker:  Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. S&amp;P: 1314.5% #Derp, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder: 
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! n#ObamaCareInThreeWords, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AshleyEdam: New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters &amp; increased support for @realDonaldTrump ...Not surprising., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@jknatter: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTrain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Got the endorsement of Brian France and @NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Colorado Springs. If Iu2019m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our countu2026 
@missi51: .@realDonaldTrump thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@oasisupernova: @realDonaldTrump UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE #TrumpTrain ud83dude82 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
.@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@LinHen23:  @foxandfriends Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help #MAGA #NeverHillary, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by @JasonDovEsq 
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here: 
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
.@thehill  Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectu2014it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain!n#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE n
#CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday 
It is not freedom of the press when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does @andersoncooper put him on?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@JoeNBC: From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink, Trump has picked Cruz apart for 2 weeks. 
Thank you Nebraska!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@fairess369: It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU, AMERICA! #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Nice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal: Trumpu2019s three eldest children jump into campaign 
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton is RAISING your taxes to a disastrous level. @realDonaldTrump is going to LOWER your taxes - BIG LEAGUE! #Du2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Moderator: u201cRespectfully, you wonu2019t answer the pay-to-play question.u201d #Debate #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@CJCboi: @DRJAMESCABOT @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @Carolde @PlaysTrumpCard Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@TINAHILLSTROM1: @FoxNews @KatrinaPierson I love @piersmorgan &amp; @realDonaldTrump REAL MEN w/ an opinion Exciting interesting controversial, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Theresa_Cali: Poll shows @realDonaldTrump leads among registered Republican women with 44%. ud83dudc4dud83cudffb 
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#ArizonaPrimary message from @IvankaTrump! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
RT @williebosshog: Make America Great Again! #Trump2016 
Thank you South Carolina!  
RT @EricTrump: Very proud of what my father has accomplished in the past 7 months -Wishing him amazing luck and success tonight! #NVcaucus u2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. 
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@grammy620: 1st time I heard #Trump I said wow. I liked him! I then became a closet #Trump fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@rkirchmeyer: So @megynkelly brings in #MichaelMoore to add credibility in her fight with @realDonaldTrump?  #FoxNews #ROGERAILES, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @foxandfriends: Jeb is a weak guy. @EricTrumpn
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @GeraldoRivera: #NewYork tromps #Jonas. Day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast. Muu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!n#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday- @JerryJrFalwell. 
Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace! 
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump 
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Isnu2019t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@AC360  Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility!  @FoxNews  @megynkelly, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump may have insinuated about @POTUS. But he's right: 
@classyexplorer: @oreillyfactor @DRUDGE So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016 
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lying Cruz put out a statement, u201cTrump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage. Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
General James Mad Dog Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @BarackObama: RT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! #Trump2016  
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
Incredibly proud of my son @EricTrump &amp; his efforts on behalf of @StJude in Memphis, TN. 
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@DiamondandSilk: Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. @CNN, she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!n#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 n
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16! 
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who choked and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@tdltdltdltdl:  Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @IvankaTrump for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad: 
Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been disqualifying., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My nomination would increase voter turnout. #VoteTrump n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
.@HillaryClinton's 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage #DebateNight n
Obamau2019s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measurenwait times. Hillary says VA problems are not u2018widespread.u2019 I will take care ofnour vets!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSCn
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!n
Will be on Meet the Press with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AlexNightrasor: @realDonaldTrump @lilrachiepoo Trump will be our best president since Reagan!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@malski1954: I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!u2026 
#MakeAmericaWorkAgainn#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE n
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:n
Arriving @TrumpScotland with @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. Back to New York tonight. nVideo: 
.@HillaryClinton- you have failed, failed, and failed. #BigLeagueTruthnTime to #DrainTheSwamp! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I canu2019t make a great deal, weu2019re going to tear it up. Weu2019re going to get this economy running again. #Debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n#INPrimary #VoteTrump n
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE), in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain n
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@dj4k4000: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@DRUDGE_REPORT's First Presidential Debate Poll:nTrump: 80%nClinton: 20%nJoin the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!u2026 
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc: @NRA 
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@dantegtmeyer: # ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls #DavidCameron 'Slave of the #WH' Video 
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA 
Will be interviewed by @StephenAtHome tonight by phone- a late show first @CBS @colbertlateshow. Enjoy! n#Colbert #LSSC, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
She'll say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth 
I will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she SHORT CIRCUITED when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:nu2705Eliminate excessive regulations! nu2705Lean government!nu2705Lower taxes!n#Debatesu00a0u2026 
@SinAbunz_TM: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!  #MAGA #TrumpPence16, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@LiberatedCit: @JebBush Key State Florida Poll: Trump 32% Beats #Rubio-#Bush Combined 
@FoxNews: .@JamesRosenFNC: Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @TheJusticeDept. 
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016 nTickets: 
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!n#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYouu2026 
@MEMEoryHead: I'm one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I can't wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain! Never forget you have support!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a natural born Canadian, did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace &amp; war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICAu2026 
I will be on FOX with the great @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Houston, Texas! n#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 n
The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainnVideo: 
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @greta. #ImWithYou 
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016 
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH nVideo: 
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative. 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 n
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Anybody whose mind SHORT CIRCUITS is not fit to be our president! Look up the word BRAINWASHED., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@BirgitOlsen1: @realDonaldTrump @Justice41ca  @Vote_For_Trump EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@lainey34210: @realDonaldTrump Great opening Penceud83dudc95, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@jsconlon11:  @BertShad @Foxnews @megynkelly I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ChatteringTeef: @BornToBeGOP @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@copyover2001: @realDonaldTrump   Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' 
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Response to the Pope:n
Thanks! 
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow: 
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGAnTickets: 
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNHn#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016 
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Lucky5713 @NewDay What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@justin_sellers: Setup is underway @realDonaldTrump rally in Madison. #MSPrimary 
Is this really America? Terrible! 
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. @Mike_Pence, Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! n3pm- 
The story with Hillary will never change. 
@Ausbiz: @realDonaldTrump Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp; energy to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for having me this morning @AmericanLegion. I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016 
Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) the founder of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@bfraser747: Watch out HillaryClinton ud83dudc7f Support @realDonaldTrump ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#Imwithyou 
@piersmorgan:  Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always, @David_Gergen calls it right: Trump held them off. #GOPDebate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!nGreen Bay- 6pmn
RT @Reince: Flying to Dallas now with @realDonaldTrump...Reports of discord are pure fiction. Great events lined up all over Texas.  Rs wilu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@mazzei48: @realDonaldTrump @BrazielCarol @FoxNews Listening to interview on replay of @A Savage Nation #GO DONALD TRUMP !!!!! Thanks., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%: 
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Weu2019ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! 
To the people of Kentucky, nRand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. n#VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will go back on for a final question now!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AnnetteJeanne: I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!u2026 
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!n#Trump2016 #MAGA nTickets: 
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read: 
See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016 
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests. 
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it. 
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US.u2026 
Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
You should give the money back @HillaryClinton! #DrainTheSwamp 
Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cashn
@lisabrossman:  @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'n
Why does @Greta have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@JoeNBC: @jonkarl: This has been a great debate for Donald Trump., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@redletter99: Trump pummels his opponents - and the press | SunHerald @realDonaldTrump 
Itu2019s this simple. u201cMake America Great Again.u201d #debate #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and itu2019s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA 
RT @DanScavino: Last nights winner was clear &amp; it will be proven time &amp; time again - lets #MAGA!! Lets WIN!! #TrumpTrain 
.@HillaryClinton is NOT above the law!n#Debates2016 
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out &amp; VOTEu2026 
Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16!n#ICYMI - watch here: 
Sad sack @JebBush has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@CostaKenneth: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Great interview Megyn, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@PaulaDuvall2:  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A message from @IvankaTrump! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain nVideo: 
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSCn#Trump2016 n
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate  
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing nsupporters! #Trump2016 n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MY POSITION ON VISASn#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@KellyannePolls: Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes   
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. n
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you California! #Trump2016 n
Thank you @SenatorFischer! #TrumpPence16n
RT @EricTrump: #Wisconsin: To find your voting location visit 
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN 
@Jnelson52722: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@_HankRearden: I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. We're just tired of it from your side. 1949z @steph93065 
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch..., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGAu2026 
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@CompresPhyllis:  @seanhannity @FoxNews I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.n
COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' 
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'n
.@lindseygraham, who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Granite_Hope: @brandonstinney How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made #ISIS a big problem, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ABCPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump led in @twitter conversation during the #GOPDebate.  
Thank you for the kind words tonight, @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! 
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
How bad is the New York Timesu2014the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion! 
Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:u2026 
RT @NRA: But there IS something we will do on #ElectionDay: Show up and vote for the #2A! #DefendtheSecond #NeverHillary, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @CBSNews: WATCH NOW: The @realDonaldTrump supporters you'd never expect 
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the @GolfChannel, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@TimeHasCome1: @WayneDupreeShow @ThePatriot143 Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k &amp; own the news cycle, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theynare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:n
People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ChadRowland3:  @jdickerson @FaceTheNation A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. #TrumpTrain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DanScavino: Jesse Jackson on @realDonaldTrump - when he donated space for the Rainbow/Push Coalition. n#DebateNight 
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'm protesting the @UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be doing @GMA @GStephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing @Morning_Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@EricTrump: Nevada we are on our way! #VoteTrumpNV #Trump2016 Caucus locator: 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFEu2026 
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive! n
Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirstn#MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clasu2026 
@MaryEH428: @RealBenCarson I thank God you are on board with @realDonaldTrump to help him and us #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ty!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. n#CrookedHillary 
A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run, a dope!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today! 
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider'n
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the King, has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As President, I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most.   
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#AmericaFirst! 
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Millions of $'s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz  and sleepy @JebBush, are now running in S.C., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! nnFacebook: 
RT @TeamTrump: We need STRONG, BROAD-SHOULDERED leadership like @mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump in the White House! #VPDebate #BigLeagueTrutu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Nevada: Here is a quick video @IvankaTrump created on How to Caucus - very quick and simple! 
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@dukeofbc:  @megynkelly debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. 
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr. Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016 
@Lewenskimo: Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @RepLouBarletta!n
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! n#Trump2016 #VoteTrump 
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@HillaryClinton has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp; the most overrated person on tv., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My daughter @IvankaTrump will be on @Greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #ImWithYou 
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay 
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ @RealBenCarson. How can he preach Christian values? 
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@Morning_Joe  @mikebarnicle on @realDonaldTrump: He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I very much look forward to tomorrowu2019s debate in New Hampshireu2014so many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@LexingtonBobby: @FoxNews @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump 
Thank you, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@newtgingrich: #NYPrimary turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive #GOP nominee 
.@HillaryClintonu2019s Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment #DebateNightn
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Jolena3: @realDonaldTrump And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Victory press conference was over. nWhy is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? 
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGAnTickets: 
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT! 
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. @AlisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I hope all workers demand that their @Teamsters reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Donu2019t let them sell you out!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Donald Trumpu2019s birther event is the greatest trick heu2019s ever pulledn
When will @TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions ofu2026 
@LindaSuhler: Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; we're taking our country BACK. #Trump2016ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Tytan01: Dear @CNN, after doing a quick Google &amp; Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation! 
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankruptedu2026 
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice! 
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!' 
#TextTrump88022 for exclusive @realDonaldTrump updates!  We will Make America Great Again!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
UNBELIEVABLE!nClinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: 
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Jusr watched  #HarveyPitt on @TeamCavuto - he was great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@gene70: @FireFlyFury @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump And this is the bimbo that's asking presidential questions? 
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio.u2026 
Thank you, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesdayu00a0 n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? 
Should I do the #GOPdebate? 
@Knight276:  @C4Constitution trump right again #With_Cruz_you_lose! Nobody supports Canuck Cruz #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Blackan: #SCPrimary @realDonaldTrump is the only one who will protect American interests. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Davejager1: @creta_r 9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@elisac006: @nycmia @realDonaldTrump I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly, who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to Friends of Bill after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable! 
.@oreillyfactor  Please correct, I WON Virginia!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGAud83cuddfaud83cuddf8#Debate 
@Janetlarose1: @realDonaldTrump @FaceTheNation @jdickerson WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP u2764 &amp;TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ... #TRUMPDOG, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!n
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A great morning with everyone @LibertyU! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. #Trump2016 n
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Iu2019m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
@djw11223: @realDonaldTrump The crowd was HUGE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing @NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. 
.@HillaryClinton has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will #MakeAmericaStrongAgain #Debateu2026 
Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016n#SuperSaturday, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoneynSpeech transcript:u2026 
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First, we need tou2026 
While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoneyu2026 
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:nTRUMP 77% (18,290)nCLINTON 17% (4,100)n#DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! 
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! n#ImWithYou 
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail 
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great new numbers. Thank you! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats:n
Wow, the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. 
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! n
@lblackvelvet: @realDonaldTrump We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare! 
'Trump is right about violent crime: Itu2019s on the rise in major cities'n
@MiamiNewTimes: Poll: Trump has more support in Florida than Rubio and Bush combined. 
@montgomeriefdn: @TrumpTurnberry Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it 
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, weu2019d have no jobs in Americau2014she doesnu2019t have a clue., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debatesn
@zulu_out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U Thanks, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@barbaraslavin1: @RuthMarcus @washingtonpost bashing distinguished women journalists won't win you votes  She is 3rd rate, a total dummy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #DrainTheSwampn
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! n
Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people. 
NATIONAL DEBT nJanuary 2009 = $10.6 TRILLIONnAugust 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION 
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing @CNN turns everyone off. The American people get it! 
No wonder the @nytimes is failingu2014who can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. 
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE'u2026 
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: 
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNews, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest! #VoteTrump Thanks!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary 
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@HavBat22: @TeamCavuto #KenLangone is 100% correct #NeilCavuto. And u and the rest of u #Fox muppets refuse to HEAR HIM. So true!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am on my way! See you all soon! 
A political commentator for @cnn, which I no longer watch, said Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries. I set all-time record!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It never ends!  
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort, the worlds best., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
RT @EricTrump: So proud to be out on the campaign trail with @realDonaldTrump - thanks for an amazing night #Biloxi #Trump2016 
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the #RIGGED system! 
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@keksec__org: @realDonaldTrump You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you! @MaineGOP  
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Border agent: We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogethern
@BertShad: Was going to watch @Foxnews for the primary results but saw @megynkelly - looks like #CNN tonight, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Kacee50: @realDonaldTrump Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016 
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimaryn
#VoteTrump2016 &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! THANK YOU for your support! 
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November! 
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@nauthizjane: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations Mr. Trump.  Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you @IvankaTrump: 
@Trumptbird: Dear  I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN! #Trump2016 #presidenttrump #primary 
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus 
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AnneBellar: @realDonaldTrump @CNN CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great poll- Florida! Thank you! 
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@realbill2016: @realDonaldTrump @Brainykid2010 @shl Trump leading LA Times poll 
Brought to you by @HillaryClinton &amp; her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois. n#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
@TrumpNewMedia: WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LET'S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE! #WATCH: 
@gene70: @realDonaldTrump Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!! 
@jlopez05391: @realDonaldTrump Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain A big crowd!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am on @FoxNews with @greta doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@autoprofessor17: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. #TrumpTrain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@WVTTS1017: @realDonaldTrump just listened to you on fox. I love you so much.  Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
@ameriflames: @realDonaldTrump @CLewandowski_ no one wants a Bush or a Clinton, they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you Angie Phillips for inviting me to tour your plant Middletown Tube Works. #Ohio 
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
@HFFoundation4: @realDonaldTrump One thing we know for sure @BernieSanders supporters will turn to #Trump - absolutely not @HillaryClinton, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The protesters in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! 
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again! 
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
They say that if I participated in last nightu2019s Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Clinton Aides: u2018Definitelyu2019 Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:n
Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016n#SuperTuesday, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a highly gifted politician and a great entertainer - I assume that is a compliment!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@RoadkingL: @mike_pence Wow, Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#VoteTrump video: 
Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:n
RT @atensnut: Hillary calls Trump's remarks horrific while she lives with and protects a Rapist.  Her actions are horrific., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLANn#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: A message from Donald J. Trump to NEW YORK!n  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@danpfeiffer: For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump  So true!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@RoxaneTancredi:  Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join us Monday, February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016 
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
See you tomorrow Dutchess County, nNew York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrainn
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out &amp; VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here:u2026 
RT @CLewandowski_: The Scrum: Video Emerges to Suggest WaPo Reporter Ben Terris Misidentifies Lewandowski in Fields Incident  Breitbart httu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great to be back in Arizona!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@WhiteGenocideTM: @realDonaldTrump Poor Jeb. I could've sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day! 
Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!nnTOMORROWnFletcher, NC @ 12pm. n
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @EricTrump: What a scary statistic! Americans are working harder and making less! We need competent leadership! 
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!n#ICYMI- watch here: 
Hillary Clintonu2019s Presidency would be catastrophic fornthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA 
u2018Food Groupsu2019 u2013 Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender: 
@Patricia_Graf:  @GovBrewer @cvpayne let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The dirty poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016n#SuperTuesday, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Ma1973sk: Actually, no @FoxNews, @megynkelly has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! 
JOIN ME! #MAGAnTODAY:nSpringfield, OH nToledo, OH nGeneva, OH nFRIDAY:nManchester, NH nLisbon, ME nCedar Rapids, IAn
What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainnWatch: 
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!n
@justininglv: @realDonaldTrump great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!!  Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain nVideo: 
Thank you, New Hampshire!n#Trump2016 
I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@JoeNBC: Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while 60% of Americans still supported the war. 
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated. 
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. nTime to #DrainTheSwamp!n
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thanks Dave! 
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debaten#MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A very interesting take from @KatiePavlich: 
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@realDonaldTrump will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debateu2026 
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debaten#MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: 
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. 
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!n
@HenryOray: @CNNPolitics @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lets go America! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump! #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!n#SuperTuesday 
Thank you! #GOPDebate 
I thought people werenu2019t celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right. 
.@WSJ Editorial says Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!n
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@mabynshingleton: JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We want @realDonaldTrump. You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave @GOP, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! #Trump2016 
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@bigop1: @realDonaldTrump  @SarahPalinUSA 
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why does @ThisWeekABC w/ @GStephanopoulos allow a hater &amp; racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @ABC can do much better than him!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you agree @realDonaldTrump WON the #Debate- BIG LEAGUE! #MAGA 
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: n
@sprts08: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great new poll - thank you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp n
.@HillaryClinton talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruthn#Debates 
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! 
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Get on Trump's List email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. nEmail: 
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio!n
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: 
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwampu2026 
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but wonu2019t even mention u201cradical Islamic terrorists.u201d #Debateu2026 
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedStatenand now he is the one leading opposition against me., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. Iu2019m not watching it much anymore.  
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. 
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:n
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @JoeNBC: Explosive Trump attack on HRC, Bill, Monica, Cosby, and Weiner. Trump camp just upped the ante on women's rights 
@60Minutes: DonaldTrump and his running mate @Mike_Pence to appear on #60Minutes in first joint interview. CBS 
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:  
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#ICYMI: Will Media Apologize to Trump? 
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Iu2019m not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@RobertMordica: @realDonaldTrump Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time. THANK YOU!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetimeu2026 
@JoeNBC: Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. #SuperTuesday, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@mathewjmari: On @FaceTheNation #MattSchlapp was on the ball &amp; #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor. @realDonaldTrump will EXPAND #GOP, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insight, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@johnjohnlacca: Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president #MegynKellyPresents, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary and her friends! 
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!nnTICKETS:nGolden: 
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...
#CrookedHillary 
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIESn#DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
@wesleyfelixpsi: @realDonaldTrump speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all. @FoxNews @megynkelly, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? 
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@DonaldJTrumpJr: Honored to be in #Utah with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE T, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@MaryAnn1942: @realDonaldTrump why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk, Trumpu2019s talk materializes! He will make America great again, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of sex offenses. DISGRACE! 
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Mexico will pay for the wall!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump n
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@morg25016893:  @eventbrite Also, all the things Rubio&amp;Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....nCont: 
Thank you Tampa, Florida!n#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Johnsmi01433966: The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea u2018Thereu2019s Something There'n
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now: 
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President! 
@realericjallen: @realDonaldTrump is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity, &amp; US JOBS, JOBS, JOB., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The @TheView @ABC, once great when headed by @BarbaraJWalters, is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp 
@AynsFriend: @bobvanderplaats CRUZ IS DONE @CNN @ChrisCuomo, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Janik1968: @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us togetheru2026 
RT @IvankaTrump: Ivanka penned an Op-Ed that ran in the @WSJ this afternoon, read it here. 
@Rketeltas: Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Texas, Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!n#Trump2016 VOTE VIDEO: 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! 
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@MarkHalperin: My debate report card: Christie A-, Trump A-, Bush B+, Kasich B+, Cruz B, Carson C, Rubio D. Full report cards here., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Pennsylvania!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst 
Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'n
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Trump_Supporter: Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York u2013 Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire... 
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: DEAD HEAT: CLINTON VS TRUMP 
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!n#MakeYoutubeGreatAgain #Trump2016n
@NathanDWilsonFL: @MariaBartiromo you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @FoxNews: Poll: @realDonaldTrump vs. @HillaryClinton among white Evangelicals. 
Hey @POTUS - WE AGREE!n#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut! 
Here is my statement. 
Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews - totally biased and disgusting reporting., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine!nCincinnati, Ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm: 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: If you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas remember to vote today! Together let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgainud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 httu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump2016 
@RhettRiley1234: Trump only wins with our votes. we must grow Trump nation and do our part. vote. This is our time., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain nnOmaha, Nebraska:n
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@93101Dianne @realDonaldTrump if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@PaulaDuvall2: We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you! Nice, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n#INPrimary #VoteTrump n
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@conservativevin:  @ahernandez85a Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I don't watch). Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@nellalda: @DonaldJTrump45 @realDonaldTrump @Reince They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA 
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@wh: 
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didnu2019t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Rick_Gobbi: @realDonaldTrump ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is.  GREAT IDEA!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@GoldJazz559: #BlackMenForBernie Leader: #Hillary2016 u2018No Regard For Black Raceu2019 
On @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@J_Styborski: @realDonaldTrump @gregens21 @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly Hayes is looking depressed as well. 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@WolfStopper: Gee ... Does this make @realDonaldTrump right one more time? 
Great day in D.C. with @SpeakerRyan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016 
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #TrumpRallyn
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. Thatu2019s what Iu2019m going to do. #MAGA #debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest. 
@pearl_brendan: @dphilbs if @realDonaldTrump doesn't win, I'm leaving this country #Trump4President, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
You can watch 360 video live from the podium! 
RT @DanScavino: Doesn't fit the MSM narrative - so they wont share what @realDonaldTrump did for Jesse Jackson in 1999 - so I will! 
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimaryn
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: CLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN? 
@TarukMatuk: @CNN @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @RogerRice10 Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us: 
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit tou2026 
'Trump won the third debate'n
.@HillaryClinton loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates 
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Donald Trump Hands Bill Ou2019Reilly Cable TV Viewership Win- @deadline-
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. 
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #Debates2016 #MAGA 
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Valenti317: @realDonaldTrump she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU! #Trump2016 
@melindaross123: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump There isn't anything Donald Trump says that I don't agree with. Go Trump!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @EricTrump: Nevada we are on our way! #VoteTrumpNV #Trump2016nCaucus locator: 
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'n
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp 
.@RepChrisCollins  Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! @CNN, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Some low-life journalist claims that I made a pass at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@LouDobbs: Hillary Just Handed @realDonaldTrump a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016 
Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! #ICYMI- watch here: 
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!  
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie caved! 
Good luck #TeamUSAn#OpeningCeremony #Rio2016 
@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for u201copen borders.u201d Thatu2019s a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!nThank you #Racine &amp; #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016n#WIPrimary #TrumpTrain 
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: Itu2019s US vs. them! @realDonaldTrump will fight for you! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team: 
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@TeaPartyNevada: #Trump2016 Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans.  
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time tou2026 
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT: 
Congratulations to my friend @TheSlyStallone on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@wino911:  #Trump2016 We know better than to trust the RNC 
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  n
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good. 
@AngieSteinberg: GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT @marykissel OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy! @Morning_Joe @realDonaldTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projectsu2013 creating tens of thousands of jobs-video: 
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
I like Michael Douglas!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @NRA: .@RealDonaldTrump is right. If @HillaryClinton gets to pick her anti-#2A #SCOTUS judges, thereu2019s nothing we can do. #NeverHillary, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Novi, Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!u2026 
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Thank you Elko County, Nevada. So much amazing feedback from my forum today I really appreciate it #trump2016 #ICYMI htu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.#RogerStone was just banned by @CNN - their loss! Tough, loyal guy., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016 n
Fox News PollnThank you, New Hampshire! #FITNn#Trump2016 
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth  nu274cLIBYAnu274cSYRIAnu274cIRANnu274cIRAQnu274cASIA PIVOTnu274cRUSSIAN RESETnu274cBENGHAZIu2026 
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In order to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, &amp; for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to 
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends 
If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I am on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS, throughout the day. Enjoy! 
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. 
RT @ErinBurnett: Sat down w/ @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr here in Iowa.  Talked God, @realDonaldTrump late night tweets 
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@bigop1: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @oreillyfactor 
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. Not fit!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina!n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainn
I will end common core. It's a disaster.n
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp nTickets: 
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@FoxNews: @ScottBaio: #DonaldTrump is the only guy, I think, that has the will &amp; the nerve to attack &amp; to fight. 
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
@Vogelsong1: @EdRollins gets it. Was just on @FoxNews explaining how Trump wins the general election.  Thank you Ed!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Constitutional law expert  #Laurence Tribe of Harvard says wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled)., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@DjD_Thunder: Standing by @realDonaldTrump all the way to the White House! 
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton just claimed she has a positive, optimistic view for America. #Debates 
@brazosboys: Hillary read sigh off the Teleprompter, She's so fake she has to be told how to feel: 
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@agentvf: New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart 
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton &amp; @timkaine think you're #Deplorables &amp; #BasementDwellers. @realDonaldTrump &amp; @mike_pence think you're PATRu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ThAllenSBoucher: @DiamondandSilk @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity I love those beautiful gals. D + S = Two amazing women!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!nnCarson City: 
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an angel without checking her past, which is terrible!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
Still time to #VoteTrump! n#iVoted #ElectionNight 
Thank you Evansville, Indiana! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!nSign up: 
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@SirHatchporch: Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? She's not a real person, right? #MorningJoe  She is a major loser - no clue!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@vivhall3: @realDonaldTrump here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. 
@bluedogdemky: @CWAUnion @iowa_trump @RichardTrumka @AFLCIO This is why I would think the unions would support @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #Trump2016n
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, nNAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you. 
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016n#SuperTuesday, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join us today! Together, we will n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!n
Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance! 
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? 
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. n
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump 
#EndCommonCore #Trump2016nVideo: 
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today! n#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV n
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm: 
This is happening all over our countryu2014great people being disenfranchised bynpoliticians. Repub party is in trouble! 
RT @EricTrump: Debate ready!!! @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain 
Thank you Governor @ScottWalker &amp; @GOP Chairman @Reince Priebus. n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYoun
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. nFull speech transcript: 
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGAnTickets: 
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC 
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT Au2026 
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying sheu2019ll tax estates at 65%., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
VERY IRONIC: In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding u2018sensitive informationu2019 n
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!, in_reply_to_screen_name: elizabethforma
Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm: 
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! #Trump2016 
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGNu2019S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: n
Just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016n
@billrey16929057: @seanhannity #Hannity @realDonaldTrump is the only hope to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400,000 votes. nTrump 61%nClinton 39%n#AmericaFirst #ImWithYouu2026 
.@oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Houston, TX:n
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio! 
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@donell27743094: @realDonaldTrump trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said peed - is he still in junior high school., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lightweight @JebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. #DrainTheSwamp 
Great poll Florida - thank you! n#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!  
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. @foxandfriends, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITNn#Trump2016 #NHPolitics 
Via @JTAnews and Jason Greenblatt  Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs @JasonDovEsq   
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain n#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE n
@wolfblitzer:  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: @realDonaldTrump 7,546,980; @tedcruz 5,481,737; @JohnKasich 2,724,749 A BIG DIFFERENCE, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: u201cPolice officers are the BEST of us. Law enforcement in this country is a force for GOOD. - @mike_pence #VPDebate #BigLeaguu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here:u2026 
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: 
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@longbyfive: @realDonaldTrump great interview with @megynkelly ! Thanks., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@newtgingrich just said a historic victory for Trump. NICE!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Iu2019m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people u2013 not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via @WashTimes. #MAGAn
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internetu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: .@timkaine's Abortion Flip-Flops: From Valuing The Sanctity of Life --&gt; Pro-Abortion Demagogue #VPdebate 
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
.@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...n
RT @LouDobbs: We are Watching A Leader Who for the First Time in Three Presidencies Will Put America and Americans First! @realDonaldTrumpu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. 
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong 
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Had a meeting with the terrific @GovPenceIN of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! 
#ICYMI: @KarlRove &amp; @oreillyfactor discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. 
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: 
I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@samuelghaddad: Wow! Let's hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realize @realDonaldTrump is the real deal!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@manakoa:DonaldTrump, you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. @megynkelly is a tough interview! Respect to both, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the f bomb., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth SUPER PREDATORS - Has she apologized?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! #DrainTheSwampnWatch rally:u2026 
#CrookedHillary 
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGAnTickets:u2026 
Thank you America! #Trump2016n
Bob Dole Warns of u2018Cataclysmicu2019 Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times: 
Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer. 
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. 
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.n#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Familiesn#CrookedHillary n
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyinu2019 Ted Cruz. Honestly, I canu2019t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI: 
Happy New Year from #MarALago! Thank you to my great family for all of their support. 
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin! nFull transcript of my speech, #FollowTheMoney:n
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:n
@dnmiller2000: @realDonaldTrump I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@theAgeofLeo: Your instincts on foreign policy &amp; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@stanColtrane: Turns out @glennbeck was wrong. @realDonaldTrump had nothing to do with it 
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on @OreillyFactor tonight- @FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New Yorkn#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! 
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
@TrumpNewMedia:  Get out &amp; #VoteTrump if you don't #VoteTrump NOTHING will change it's that simple! #VoteTrump 
The failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AngPiazza: @foxandfriends  @realDonaldTrump he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! 
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNews, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @seanhannity: Watch: Donald Trump OWNS A Heckler Who Said Illegal Immigrants Are The Backbone Of America 
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Great group at our Victory Office in Columbus, Ohio. I'm incredibly grateful to have so manyu2026 
#CrookedHillary 
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@DharmaBum77: Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets! #TrumpSupporters @realDonaldTrump 
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They donu2019t know how to win - I will teach them!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#NeverForgetn
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #MAGAn
The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016 
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: 
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you New Hampshire! ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 
RT @ScottAdamsSays: Trump's speech today is the best persuasion I have ever seen. Game over. Now running unopposed:  
@johnkurkosky: @Carolde @The_Lady_Colors  @DRJAMESCABOT @TamiDurling @AceofSpadesHQ THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Belizediver88: @CNNSitRoom @CNN  @megynkelly It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: She put the office of Sec of State up for sale. If she ever got the chance, sheu2019d put the Oval Office up for sale too. #Fou2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'n
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 
How come the @TODAYshow &amp; @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Here are Hillary Clinton's accomplishments at the State Department.n#Debates2016 #RattledHillary 
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So the highly overrated anchor, @megynkelly, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Doctor_S_Freud:  @TheView They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all A dead show, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain nLIVE: 
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3. 
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016 nVideo: 
Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada!n#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst n
#VoteTrump at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary!nCloses at 8pm! 
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This is my pledge to the American people: 
I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Georgia!n#SuperTuesday #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@gregusp61: You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. nNo way to run a country!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @JasonMillerinDC: Is @realDonaldTrump debating Crooked @HillaryClinton or the moderators, @AC360 and @MarthaRaddatz? #rattledhillary, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@johnkirtley:  @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @RealBenCarson: I endorse @realDonaldTrump. Itu2019s time to unite behind the candidate who will beat Hillary Clinton and return government u2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016 
@need2knowu:  @willspeakout yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:n
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @RSBNetwork: We are ALREADY LIVE in Everett, WA for the Trump Rally. Come join us- our cameras tonight! #TrumpinEverett nn
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp!nRASMUSSEN NATIONAL nTrump 43%nClinton 41% 
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOP, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@EyeCandyTMGayle: @realDonaldTrump please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful  Good!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! 
@RhondaR: Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling @cnn you know racism &amp; it's not DonaldTrump 
I will be interviewed by @BretBaier @SpecialReport at 6pm ET tonight @FoxNews, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Iu2019m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst n
Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@becker_berta: @longtalltexan20 Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do, attacked the media for all their lies, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou n
RT @DanScavino: .@NikkiHaley in 2012 w/ Romney on tax returnsud83eudd14(political ploy.) Fast forward..2016 w/ Robot Rubioud83eudd16n#FAILud83dudc4e#Politician 
@TrumpDoonbeg: Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote! 
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @TrumpWomensTour!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
RT @DanScavino: Join @realDonaldTrump on his official social media platforms during tonight's debate ~ as @TeamTrump manages rapid responseu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @EricTrump: Nevada: Reminder that today is the LAST day to register to vote in the February 23rd caucus!
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA 
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!nnGrand Rapids at 12pm:n
RT @TeamTrump: .@realDonaldTrump calling out @HillaryClinton's support for NAFTA = most searched moment during tonight's debate. #Debates20u2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY!nWatch here: 
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@gigglemitz: @GeraldoRivera  @FoxNews damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Still time to get out and VOTE!n#WIPrimary #Trump2016 #MAGAn
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM 
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.  
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. Iu2019m the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp; now Lyinu2019 Ted &amp; others are copying me., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @EricTrump: Aloha Hawaii: We would be honored to have your vote! Find your caucus 
I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New Fox News PollnThank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 n#IACaucus 
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
JOIN ME TOMORROW!nMINNESOTA u2022 2pmn
Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: 
@TruBluMajority: #laurencetribe calls Cruz constitutional hypocrite on @WBUR 
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirstn#MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2), in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Geneva, Ohio. nIf I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countru2026 
I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's @NYDailyNews, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@hillx123: @tedcruz you have just been put on notice @realDonaldTrump We Stand with you... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thankyou., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16! n
@Don_Vito_08: A picture is worth a thousand words @realDonaldTrump  #LyingTed #NeverCruz  @MELANIATRUMP 
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Today proves what I have always known, that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.), in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Donald Trump Jr. On The Record: Why Trump International Hotels And Residences Are Still Winning via @forbes 
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @joshrogin: Pence is right. Clinton &amp; Obama tried to negotiate an Iraq troop extension but failed. Bush admin always anticipated such anu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst n
@troyconway: Now 2-more IT Firms going over seas? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@FoxBusiness: .@RepTomMarino: I think @realDonaldTrump can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! 
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes. n
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ahernandez85a: @realdonaldtrump Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time #NoLoyalty, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Stevekwebb: @realDonaldTrump Love it! @tedcruz is done. We need someone who is proven. @realDonaldTrump will make America Great Again, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@newtgingrich: Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimaryn
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues n
Great meeting with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016 
.@HillaryClinton has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@alextrent4: It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary 
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@DavidWohl: Barack is offended that @realDonaldTrump will demand that #NATO allies pay their fair share. #DemsInPhilly, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary says take back Mosul? We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp 
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @JoeNBC: Remarkable how cost-effective Post says Trump campaign was per vote and stunning how much Jeb spent per vote.  
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president, and I will DELIVER! 
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...
@blt21muttrades: People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@_BScarb: Enjoyed watching @realDonaldTrump at his rally yesterday!  I've never seen the Bay Center that packed! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary n
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'm going to do what @MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! 
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest pushpolls on me. We are watching!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@TheSouthwasRite: @NRO cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots. @realDonaldTrump WILL be our next President. #Trump2016 #RNC, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCRu2026 
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the puppet of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Ler: Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainn
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Little Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @AnnCoulter: I hear Churchill had a nice turn of phrase, but Trump's immigration speech is the most magnificent speech ever given., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI- watch: 
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ShoneeP: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! 
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducingu2026 
Thank you Redding, California!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary 
This is the definition of ransom u2b07 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgainn
@KathyCeurter: @realDonaldTrump please Mr.Trump make @SenatorJeffSessions your VP. He is a perfect running mate.  He is a great guy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump  
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp n
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debatesu00a0#BigLeagueTruth 
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! 
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGAu2026 
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@eericmyers: @realDonaldTrump  Republican leadership should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.  n
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@laurencristmann: Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with @C_Lynne_Ryan your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Beautiful morning- thank you @ICLV! 
.@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ScotMReed: No matter what liar sleazeball @rickwtyler says about @tedcruz in Tennessee. We have early voting and @realDonaldTrump has won., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted excellent reviews. 
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesdaynu2705Floridanu2705Illinoisnu2705Missourinu2705North Carolinanu2705Ohio n#TrumpTrain n
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Exclusive Videou2013Broaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bill's Defenders: u2018These Are Crimes,u2019 u2018Terrifiedu2019 of u2018Enableru2019 Hillary n
@ChJLuc91: @YomasterJon @RichardTBurnett  Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be #POTUS! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Patrici: Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems 
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:n
#ICYMI: #Trump2016 closing speech innBuffalo, New York!n#VoteTrumpNYu00a0
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I love you Arizona! Thank you!n#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so farn
After spending $89 million, @JebBush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name Bush in ads. Low energy guy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary said that I couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign. Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ABCPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump dominating @Google searches throughout #GPLFers.  
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today!  
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! 
.@GeraldoRivera  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. You are a true champion! Thank @ericbolling - great guy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainnSIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN! 
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016 
RT @piersmorgan: Trump makes a funny, obvious joke about Russia going after Hillary's emails &amp; U.S. media goes insane with fury.nHe plays tu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets: 
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #Trump2016 
Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going tu2026 
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump nnext Tuesday, April 5th! #WIPrimaryn
Same failing @nytimes reporter who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue. This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to hit Trump.I signed the pledge-careful, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally! #Trump2016 
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you @USCG! #CoastGuardDay 
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! 
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n#CaucusForTrump Video: 
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#ElectionDay 
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@tzard000: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes!  Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@big_carsonrocks: AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz &amp; Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful &amp; not owned candidate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@governor_savage: @realDonaldTrump is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: 
@NeilTurner_: 
WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race. #Trump2016 
We agree @POTUS-nnSHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE -President Obama, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@mikeliberation: This is the best reaction shot I've ever seen lol #Trump2016 
@kevcirilli: Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Denver, Colorado! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!nWest Palm Beach, FL at noon:n
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@KellyannePolls  Kellyanne, you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be joining @andersoncooper @AC360 tonight at 8pmE on @CNN. Enjoy! 
@AprilLaJune: OREGON votes today! Go vote for @realDonaldTrump and kick it BIG TIME! 
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals. n
Thank you @DallasPD!  
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates 
@Slytle24: @davidaxelrod @realDonaldTrump @CNN he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@cmichaeld2004: Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30% ceiling, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@codyraymille: I have never been interested in politics but because of you I want to get my political science degree. #trump2016  Great!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@MyPresidentme: Here's Trump #AIPAC2016 in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch. 
VOTE TODAY! Go to 
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!! 
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@AC360: u201cHow can you unite a country if youu2019ve written off tens of millions of Americans?u201d #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: AC360
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou 
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016 
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon! #AmericaFirstn
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. 
Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their focus group in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillary, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big R win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Governor @TerryBranstad! n#AmericaFirst #Debates2016 
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016 
We have to repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp 
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you believe @HillaryClinton is the one who owes America an apology! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates 
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name u201c500 different examplesu201d of conflicts of interest. n
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate 
@lilrachiepoo: @realDonaldTrump Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am in Virginia @RegentU Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: 
Thank you Alex!  
#ObamacareFail 
@DeepakS76435750: @realDonaldTrump congratulations from India, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@Stvzbnk: Just Watched @tonyschwartz. Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job @realDonaldTrump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@GovBrewer: I'll be a guest today on Making Money with @cvpayne on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing @realDonaldTrump. Tune in!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary 
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump 
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Is this what we want for a President? 
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain n
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Inside u2018Bill Clinton Inc.u2019: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!n
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be on @FallonTonight with @JimmyFallon on @NBC at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016 
Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou 
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The failing @NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. #Trump2016 n
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n#INPrimary #VoteTrumpn
Stay on message is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@jimhewitt: . @FrankCaliendo doing @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike is awesome. Number one presidency of all time, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Record crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICAu2026 
We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal!  
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided spin that followed. This despite the really bad microphone., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @FieldofFight: We Can Do Better, We Must Do Better, We Will Do Better nBy LTG (R) Keith Kellogg and LTG (R) Michael Flynn @GenFlynn 
.@realDonaldTrump will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Thank you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn!n
.@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@redneckgp: All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate @realDonaldTrump that will put ALL OF YOU &amp; AMERICA FIRST  #trump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT n
.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Arizona- I love you! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Mainstream media never covered Hillaryu2019s massive u201chackingu201dnor coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. Whatu2019s up?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. nnI believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better.n@RealBenCarson, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! 
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you!  
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for all of your support Iowa!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n#IACaucus finder: 
Thank you West Virginia!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at 
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!n
@GriceCindy: That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary &amp; Obama's Broken Promises. n#RepealObamacare 
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We canu2019t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AnyoneTennis: @timkaine Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy...so obvious @FoxNews  So true!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!)., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
On behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote 
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @rupertmurdoch: As predicted, Trump reaching out to make peace with Republican establishment.  If he becomes inevitable party would beu2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New Reuters poll! Thank you!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Great new poll- thank you America!n#Trump2016 #ImWithYou 
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa! #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #IACaucus #FITN #IAPolitics 
The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AnnCoulter: Trump destroyed Hillary &amp; Sanders moved in. But he didn't destroy her, Trump did. 
.@TheBrodyFile great job on @AC360. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Response to @LindseyGrahamSC:n
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve. 
How can @JebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!n#VotersSpeak: 
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@BrandonSawyer84: @realDonaldTrump will rule #SouthCarolinaPrimary! 
@OSPREY675: @Miami4Trump I followed you because you are a patriot &amp; support @realDonaldTrump, as do I. #MAGA by sticking together., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Albany, New York!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Failed presidential candidate @MittRomney was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'n
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! n#IACaucus #CaucusForTrumpn
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO! 
@CLewandowski_: Massive crowd in Pensacola, Florida! Unbelievable! THANK YOU! #VoteTrump 
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. Bad instincts, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
What They Are Saying About @realDonaldTrump's GREAT Debate and @HillaryClinton's Bad Performanceu2026 
Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.  
Word is that little Morty Zuckermanu2019s @NYDailyNews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! #Trump2016 
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business. She then apologized., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! #Trump4Vetsn
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@JodiL792: We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake &amp; sleep praying for you &amp; the USA!+Israel2, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrainn
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
TIME #DebateNight poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you! n#AmericaFirst #MAGA 
THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary 
.@ABCPolitics #GOPDebaten#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFEu2026 
THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now!u2026 
Thank you @ScottWalker! #AmericaFirst n#RNCinCLE 
#LawandOrder #ImWithYounVideo: 
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016 
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@tiarardis: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine GO TRUMP, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you so much to 
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@debdew2:  @brithume @megynkelly @DiamondandSilk FOX: TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE -  TRUMP IS WINNING 
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on @CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thereu2019s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintonsu2019 actions were far worse, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@namusca: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump  @DiamondandSilk #Trump is much better than any rock concert! He knows how to fill a stadium., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% asnSecretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle nat 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8thu2026 
RT @TeamTrump: Law enforcement officers bring communities together &amp; keep us safe. @mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump RESPECT &amp; stand by them!u2026, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you America! #Trump2016 
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If @TedCruz doesnu2019t clean up his act, stop cheating, &amp; doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you New York, I will never forget!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#CrookedHillary u201cwas at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Moroccou201d to Clinton Fdn. 
@vikkideiter: Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love @realDonaldTrump's  VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC.nnRegister: 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!n
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@SalRiccobono: @realDonaldTrump @troyconway Donald get big business back and# MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR 2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @RSBNetwork: LIVE Stream now: Donald Trump press conference #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting @Mike_Pence &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA 
@w4djt: Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals! u2014Donald Trump #dtmag 
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate nnPolice officers are the best of us...n@Mike_Pence, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@free_SA_BD: @realDonaldTrump A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at: 
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. n#MakeAmericaGreatAgainu2026 
.@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainn#TrumpPence16 
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!n
I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TeamTrump: .@timkaine has a pay-to-play problem just like Crooked @HillaryClinton #VPDebates #BigLeagueTruth 
RT @TeamTrump: Quite simply, @HillaryClinton mistreats women. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate2016n
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? 
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: n
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!)., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Fantastic job on @CNN  tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemon, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!n
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMAn
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@RepMartinDaniel: We support you #HaileyPuckett. You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, @HillaryClinton., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be on @SeanHannity @FoxNews- tonight at 10pmE w/ @MELANIATRUMP, from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Debate polls look great - thank you!n#MAGA #AmericaFirst 
Greatly dishonest of @TedCruz to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membershipn
Low energy candidate @JebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@SandraR677582: @FLTrumpTeam Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: 
Thank you! #ImWithYou 
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me! 
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @DailyMail- for setting the failing @NYTimes story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! n
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
Way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@HillaryClinton - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016 
I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016nWatch: 
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New poll - thank you! #Trump2016n
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.nVideo: 
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@realOllieTaylor:  Isn't it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who can't win. The American people have Trump!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGAu2026 
#CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podestau2019s hacked email is u2018unquestionably an OPSEC violationu2019 
.@DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@AllegrettiVicki: You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father. Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary! 
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. nLove Utah- will be back!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @IvankaTrump: My next project is pretty amazingu2026!nxx, Ivanka 
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nnobody grows them better. As nPresident, I will protect your market. 
I know the Governors and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @EricTrump! 
@NancyNielsenn: @realDonaldTrump Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So sad that @CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@xXFlame: .@bobvanderplaats Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruz's favorability ratings are 0%, NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:n
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! 
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@HillaryClinton #ICYMI- WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT.n@Mike_Pence #MAGA 
@ThtsWhtKelSaid: I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card, &amp; take back our country, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!nSpringfield-1pm:n
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy!  @jdickerson, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Congratulations to @jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children. This was a typically false news story., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me!nTickets:u2026 
Clintonu2019s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: 
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!  
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' 
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@1lion: brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You'  slogan 
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery #CrookedHillary 
Thank you America! #MAGAn
AMERICA'S FUTUREn
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife, @MELANIATRUMP, today. #NewYorkValues 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @TrumpNV: #NVcaucus locator -&gt; 
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: n
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: 
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. 
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@DnGLax:  Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump2016 ud83cuddfaud83cuddf8, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
New book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
Thank you, America!n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@AnnCoulter: GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders)., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
RT @seanspicer: .@timkaine wants to tough on crime - fails to talk about defending rapists and murders #VPDebate, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@laurencristmann: @realDonaldTrump why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, he's not eligible, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! 
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@ddpick18: @realDonaldTrump This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITIONn@HillaryClinton #Debates2016 
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016 n
Thank you Marco, I agree! 
We will bring America together as ONE country again u2013 united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, @EricTrump! Very proud of you!n
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou nVideo:u2026 
If @HillaryClinton is president, sheu2019ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.nWatch rally here:u2026 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary n
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@KeithRowland: People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. @realDonaldTrump Repeal and replace!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary n
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#BigLeagueTruth 
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruthu2026 
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
My sons, Don and Eric, are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!! 
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! 
@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump There's only one real candidate, and it's you! Donors control the other candidates! #VoteTrump Thank you., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets #MAGA! nEARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:u2026 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!n#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to carpet bomb the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful @gov_gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! 
RT @DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania- prior to main rally. #TrumpMovement #MAGAud83cuddfaud83cuddf8 
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: 
@Bonfiredesigns: Standing with @realDonaldTrump as he defends our sailors and military and Americans in the USA 
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! 
#VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016nMarch 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas: n
RT @MarkHalperin: Utah Speaker of the House announces endorsement of @realDonaldTrump. Says @DonaldJTrumpJr played a big role, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @ATFD17! #ImWithYounVideo: 
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA!n
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
#UtahCaucus message from @IvankaTrump! #UTCaucusn#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..
@MrTohNey: Leicester &amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! #TrumpPence16 
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@roadsho: Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote @realDonaldTrump.The only candidate that will protect your rights! 
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, @megynkelly., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' 
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am the king of debt.That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@michaelG4NY: new @nbcnews WSJ poll shows @realDonaldTrump pulling ahead of @tedcruz in #Iowa. 
Statement on Clinton Foundation:n
@jlund04: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. 
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016n
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ @RealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!nSchedule &amp; tickets: 
RT @IvankaTrump: Beautiful article about @realDonaldTrump written by my friend, the incredibly talented golfer Natalie Gulbis:n
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!n#WIPrimary #Trump2016 n
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016 
@sprivitor @realDonaldTrump Marco 'Amnesty' Rubio is the front man of Amnesty. 
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
@brimyers813: Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you Portland, Maine! n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain n
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the #GOPDebate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
So professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16 
u2018Must Act Immediatelyu2019: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Lawn
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation n
Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
.@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Join the MOVEMENT!n
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@gregens21:  @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
@trumpy17: @realDonaldTrump gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Thank you @IngrahamAngle! #AmericaFirst 
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz u2013 and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! 
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA 
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD! 
@carol_lcnixon67: @realDonaldTrump Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! #NYPrimaryn
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp 
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!n
RT @AnnCoulter: RUMSFELD: Trump has a touched a nerve in our country...in a way that most politicians have not been able to do. - 
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days. 
The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'n
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'n
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years., in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Thu2026 
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!, in_reply_to_screen_name: null, created_at
